Energy Imbalances
1.	Jurisdictional Issues
The ARES Coalition, Alliant, and IIEC argued that the Commission
should address energy imbalances in the proceeding.  Enron and NewEnergy
abandoned this argument after reaching a settlement agreement with Edison.
Staff and Edison argued that charges for energy imbalances are properly
addressed within Edison's OATT and subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC.
The Commission concluded that in the interest of avoiding protracted
litigation and the harm of delay to retail competition, the Commission would
not address the propriety of FERC's asserted authority over energy imbalance
issues.  The Commission indicated that its deferral to the FERC in no way
"waives its right to assert jurisdiction over energy imbalance service at
some future time."
2.	Factual & Policy Issues
Edison proposed an energy imbalance service to retail customers
containing the following provisions:
*	Energy imbalance will be calculated separately for each hour and
settlements will occur on a cash basis for each hour's imbalances;
*	For those RESs whose energy imbalance in an hour is 2% or less, or 2
MW or less, settlement is made at 100% of out-of-pocket costs ("OPC regardless of the net imbalance or the direction of the error;
*
*	Those RESs whose energy imbalances exceed 25% of their own
individual schedules will pay an adder or be charged a discount of 25% of
OPC.  Adjustments are made to avoid double-counting of adders and discounts
applicable to those RESs that are also subject to an adder or discount
below.  These imbalance charges will be phased-in as follows:
*
*	From October 1, 1999 through December 31, 1999 -- No adder  will
apply under this provision.
*
*	From January 1, 2000 through March 31, 2000 -- 25% adder/discount
will apply to those RESs whose imbalances exceed 25% of their schedules 20%
or more of the hours of the month.  If the 20% of the hours are exceeded,
the adder/discount shall apply to all hours.
*
*	Starting April 1, 2000 -- 25% adder/discount will apply to those
RESs whose imbalances exceed 25% of their schedules 10% or more of the hours
of the month.  If the 10% of the hours are exceeded, the adder/discount
shall apply to all hours.
*	Edison also applies a bandwidth to the total net energy imbalance
attributable to unbundled retail load served by RESs.  If the hourly
imbalance caused by all unbundled retail load, excluding PPO load, is within
the 100 MW bandwidth, no RES (except those whose imbalance exceeds ?25%, as
noted below) will be subject to an adder or discount.  PPO load will, in
aggregate, be subject to the same terms and conditions as above, but
imbalance attributable to the PPO will be compared against a 100 MW deadband
separately from all RES load.
*	Edison will permit RESs to trade energy imbalances among themselves,
to offset their imbalances at whatever prices and terms they wish, before
applying a charge for energy imbalance.  According to Edison, this feature
will allow RESs to minimize energy imbalance charges by exchanging
overscheduled megawatt-hours for underscheduled megawatt-hours in the same
hour.  All remaining imbalances will be settled in cash at 100% of Edison's
OPC.  Edison shall make available information on OPC ten days prior to the
opening of the trading window.
*
*	The net retail energy imbalance in excess of 100 MW will be charged
an adder or discount of 10%.  This charge will be allocated among RESs who
are out of balance in the direction of the net and whose imbalance exceeds
their individual deadband.  The allocation will be based on the ratio-share
of the amount by which these individual RESs' imbalances exceed their
individual deadbands.  Any such adder/discount will be billed separately
from charges for any imbalances remaining after trading. Likewise, any
adder/discount attributable to the provisions of Paragraph 3 will be billed
separately from charges for any imbalances remaining after trading.
*
*	Load profiles will be developed using Dynamic Load Modeling with
seasonal adjustments.  Edison will not require the installation of interval
demand recorders for customers of less than 400 kW at this time.
*
*	Energy imbalances will be assumed to be within the bandwidth (i.e.,
no adders/discounts) when the imbalances are due to (1) Edison interruptions
and restorations, or (2) customer force majeure events, that are in each
case material to the RESs' schedule and of which the RES could not
reasonably be aware in sufficient time to adjust the schedule.
*
*	Edison will include a description of the methodology for determining
OPC in its energy imbalance schedules filed with the FERC.
The IIEC opposed Edison's proposal and requested that the Commission
require Edison to offer an optional imbalance service at the distribution
level.  Blackhawk also opposed Edison's proposal and supported the IIEC
proposal  Alliant also supported Edison being required to offer an energy
imbalance service at the distribution level.  Mid-American opposed any
effort by the Commission to exert jurisdiction on energy imbalances.
The Commission failed to weigh-in on the energy imbalance issue
consistent with its determination that the FERC is the appropriate forum for
such issues.  The Commission reserved the right to address the issue in some
future FERC proceeding.
For more information about Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolfe, please visit us at
- C.DTF  
thanks.
Response to your questions:
1.  I think it would be best if it there were transmission assets only.  Given the geographic scale we want to achieve, adding in the distributions systems is unnecessary and my lead to more perpetuation of the local mentality.  I don't think you get much of a scale benefit from adding in the distribution systems.  The distribution systems are also likely to remain as suppliers of last resort in the event of retail access, which raises complications.  It would be equivalent to an pipeline also being an LDC. =20
2.  The divesting company does not get the shares, its shareholders receive them as a direct distribution.  As a result, the old management has no control over the shares of the Transco.  Several utilities (UtilA, UtilB, UtilC, etc) agree to simultaneously spin off their transmission into BigTrans.  The share holders of UtilA get X shares of BigTrans in exchange for Y shares of UtilA and how hold Y fewer shares in UtilA and X shares of BigTrans.  The spin off could also be done as part of a merger.  Both parties agree to spin off their transmission into a common company.  The shareholders would receive publicly traded hares in both UtilA-BCombine and BigTrans.  The managements of both companies being separated from each other.  There would have to be a conflict of interest standard for the board and management of BigTrans, which prohibits any substantial benefit from market operations, just as we have for any other RTO.
Steve
A couple questions 
1.=09Could the company include distribution wires as well, instead of being just a transmission only wires?
2.=09How many shares would a divesting company get?  Could this be more that 5%?  If so, wouldn't this be over the "control" threshold?
In general, I fully support this type of action. =20
Jim=09
Jim, Sarah and Rick,
=09The following describes the suggestion that I made in our meeting this morning.  This is a strategy which could only be executed in legislation. =20
The Problem:
One of the chief difficulties of forming a Transco are the tax consequences of divestiture of assets. The problem was identified in 1995 when we first started talking about a Transco in the West.   If the parties agree in advance of divesture to combine their assets with others into a new company, the divestiture creates a tax event.  As a result, the Transco's like Alliance or TransConnect have adopted an LLC structure to avoid the tax consequences of formation.  The problem with the LLC form is the reluctance of the owners to surrender all control of their assets to the Managing Member who has "little skin in the game."  Questions have also been raised by opponents about the fiduciary responsibilities of Managing Member.  Are they to look out of the financial interests of the owners (passive and active)?  All these issues came up when we were working with various companies in 1999-2000 on possible pipe/wire companies.
The Suggestion:
Create a short window during which utilities could divest their assets into a Transco without facing a tax penalty.  Under such a provision, current owners would be allowed to agree in advance to combine their assets to form a new company without taxes being levied on the spin off, as long as the new company was a transmission only company.  The shareholders of the contributing companies would received publicly traded shares in the new company, so there is no issue of the original company controlling the Transco.  The Federal Treasury is tax neutral, since without the provision the Transco doesn't form.  When the shareholders of Transco sell their shares, the are taxable, if the Transco becomes more valuable, then the benefit accrues to Treasury in taxes on the sale of the stock.  With a two year window, the companies would be faced with a one time opportunity to make the shift and avoid taxes.  This become a trigger for breaking up the vertical integration for which a business case can be made the shareholders of today's owners are better off.
=09Thanks for listening (reading).
Steve
Any thoughts on the NERC budget?
Jim
TO: NERC Board of Trustees
Stakeholders Committee
Regional Managers
Standing Committees
Ladies and Gentlemen:
The NERC 2002 draft Budget is posted (in Acrobat 5.0) on the following
web site for your comments:
www.nerc.com/naero/budget.html
Comments are due by September 14, 2001. Please let me know if you have
any questions.
Sincerely,
Julie Morgan
John 
Do you know when Enron started discussions with these customers?
Jim
1.  Jack in the Box (Jack in the Box's name cannot be used without their prior consent    2.  BD Biosciences;
3.  Ball Corp.
4.  TABC -- Toyota;
5.  Raytheon;
6.  Burger King (Batla Franchises);
7.  Northrop;
8.  Toys r' US; and
8.  Wendy's
The following originators are responsible for the deals set forth above:
1.  Michele Sorensen  (562) 901-3807 -- Jack in the Box & Burger King (Batla Franchises);
2.  George Waidelich  (925) 543-3500 -- BD Biosciences & TABC Toyota
3.  Rob Rice                    x58065               -- Ball Corp.
4.  Mark Allen                  x58926               _ Raytheon
5.  Mike Moore               x39668               _  Northrop
6.  Scott Porter                x31842              _   Toys r' US
7.  Rick Campbell          x54530              _  Wendy's
Please note that the originators I have spoken do not want their customer's to be contacted without being consulted.
Hope this helps.  If I hear of any other customers who have signed or renewed after July 1 I will notify you.
John McMullan
Janine 
What's the gas delivery tariff on CGE for generation services?  Do they have a standard service?  Do they have a good generator interconnect agreement on the power side?
Jim
Fyi 
CIncinnati Gas and Electric Company has filed for a $700 million rate increase which is enormous given the size of their company.  They are claiming that they need to replace their current low pressure gas system with a high pressure gas system and are looking to amortize the costs over ten years as opposed to the usual twenty years.  They plan to allocate the cost of this primarily through doubling the customer charge.  One of theories behind this rate increase is that Cinery wants to expand its business as an Exempt Wholesale Generator by building more gas fired turbines and it needs the high pressure gas to serve those turbines.  The concern therefore is whether captive ratepayers might be cross-subsidizing a competitive activity.
Sorry.  Pls let me know the outcome.
Jim
Dave 
I'll look at today.  Is there an RCR?
Jim
Jim,
Attached to this message is a copy of the document that Kim Curry had composed for EPMI to file with FERC today (8/20) in regard to on-going price mitigation in the WSCC.  I have added a couple comments to Kim's document for consideration.
I would appreciate it if you could review this attachment and let me know if you have any questions relating to either our filing of comments or of the content.  FYI, our comments line up with those being made PGE and other parties in the Northwest.
Kind Dave
Kim,
Great job!  I really like the comments and like what you have done with the material I had sent to you.
I have added a coupe comments for yours and the groups consideration.  The only other thing I was wondering about was what do you think about adding your "alternative" price recommendations in the footnote on page 4 to the body of the document at the end of the first section "Summary of Comments"?
I have attached my comments for your review.  I'll be in Portland on Monday morning and can be reached on my cell at 415.794.8740.
Kind 
Dave
We have attached our draft of EPMI's above-referenced comments.  If you have any revisions or edits, please contact us!   The filing deadline for this document is Monday, August 20.
Kimberly A. Curry
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P
2000 K Street, N.W.
Suite 500
Washington, D.C. 20006
(202) 828-7623 (phone)
(202) 857-2107 (fax)
kcurry@bracepatt.com
- comments.doc  
I am not attending.
Jim
Christi 
Can you please send any and all summaries of the RTO Orders mandating Mediation for NE and SE to Vicki Sharp?  Also, please include any other information that is helpful to understanding these issues.
Thanks,
Jim
I found this on the CPUC web site.
FYI.
Let me make sure I understand this.  Prior to April 2002, the UDCs want their QF costs to be as low as possible, since this will cause the PX credit to be lower and thus the positive CTC higher.  However, beginning April 2002, they pray for just the opposite -- the greater their QF costs, the more they can collect from DA customers to help pay for the QFs.
=20
I truly hope I have misunderstood you, else my brain may explode.
=20
=20
Steve --=20
As Sue highlights below, when people talk about stranded costs ending no later than 3/31/02, they are only speaking about generation-related stranded costs.  Above market costs for QFs will be "collected" from DA customers for some time into the future.  Wanted to make sure that this was clear.
Jim=20
Cc:     Gorny, Vladimir; Bradford, William S.; Kingerski, Harry; Savage, Gordon; Tribolet, Michael=20
An update from the meeting we had with SCE on August 9:  SCE said that it has TEMPORARILY stopped charging CTC because it doesn't know what to charge for DWR. Meanwhile, it continues to keep track of the dollar flows through the TCBA and the new account set up for DWR.  Once the CPUC decides on the DWR's revenue requirement, SCE expects that it will charge generation-related CTC again.  There is also continuing CTC related to QF contracts that will return (and goes beyond 3/31/02) once QF contracts are above the "market".  SCE is also considering filing a petition with the CPUC to get guidance on all these matters. Once the CPUC rules on SCE"s advice letter approaches, SCE plans to go back and re-bill begining with Jan 18 (it used some different PX credit approaches early on and switched to this approach for bills going out June 4). I didn't ask the question about calculating CTC back to Jan 18.  I guess if the DWR rev req is retroactive and leaves room for CTC, they will bill it.  The other twist I had forgotten about is that they have a one-half cent charge added to the embedded gen rate of 10.27 cents (making it about 10.77 cents) that collects the $400 million that was uncollected while the CPUC played around with a rate design for the three cent surcharge.  The half cent addition is for 12 months.
Cc:     Gorny, Vladimir; Bradford, William S.=20
I wanted to summarize the conclusions from our meeting on Wednesday, August 8th.  Please let me know if I have misrepresented anything. =20
Below is a description of four proposals which may help resolve issues associated with PX credits or mitigate Enron's exposure to PX credits.  Steve Swain has the responsibility for evaluating each proposal, and his goal is to have recommendations for EWS/EES management on August 14th. =20
Current Issues:=20
1)  The methodology for calculating PX credits after January 18 is undetermined (SCE and PG&E have implemented different methodologies)
2)  Applicability of the 1 cent surcharge to direct access customers (PG&E is passing thru to DA customers, SCE is not)=20
3)  Impact to Enron if  FERC implements  retroactive changes to the CAL PX clearing prices from Oct 2, 2000 thru January 18th which result in revised PX credits=20
4)  Recoupment of outstanding PX credits against future payments for T&D=20
5)  Uncertainty surrounding future tariffs (CTC or other pass through charges), making it difficult to hedge price risk in forward positions
6)  Large uncollected receivables from both PG&E and SCE=20
The four proposals are as follows:=20
SCE Recommended Approach=20
This approach assumes no PX (or PE) credit effective from January 18, 2001 forward.  Mary Lynne and Diann will work with Steve to quantify the  gross PX receivable (as billed by each utility)  which would  be reversed.   This approach will ensure that only charges for T&D (no    generation/commodity costs, CTC charges, or surcharges for CDWR, including the 1 cent)  will be applicable to Direct Access customers. =20
Enron would request the following:=20
1) Assurances that no surcharges for CDWR will be passed through to EES or EEMC=20
2) SCE will support our historical PX  credit receivable as an "allowable claim" at a minimum and would provide additional credit support if possible. =20
3) PG&E will support Enron's recoupment argument=20
4) Both utilities will immediately reinstate the Cumulative Credit Balances on utility bills and agree to a netting arrangement at the utility parent   level.=20
5) Both utilities agree to not adjust the historical PX credits, if/when an adjustment of historical PX clearing prices is mandated by FERC=20
Other consideration:=20
Ability to hedge price risk in the retail portfolio, without concern re CTC or other surcharge amounts. =20
PG&E Recommended Approach=20
This approach assumes the PX calculation methodology effective January 18, 2001 would include an "avoided cost"  component.  This avoided cost =20
component would include, owned generation, QF purchases, actual CDWR purchases for the utility, bilateral purchase contracts, and ISO purchases.        This resulting "avoided cost" would be used in lieu of the PX clearing price in the old PX formula through March, 2002.    If the actual CDWR purchase  costs are not included, then the surcharge (along with the embedded gen costs)  should be included in the calculation. =20
=20
Enron would request the following:=20
Same as above=20
Other Consideration:=20
Enron  would continue to be exposed to "price" risk attributable to the actions of the utility at a minimum through March, 2002.  This would hamper     Enron's ability         to hedge the positions in the retail portfolio.=20
Hybrid Approach=20
This approach assumes that the PG&E approach is applicable from January 18, 2001 through September 1, 2001 and that the SCE approach is         applicable from September 1st forward.   This approach might be necessary as a compromise for both utilities to provide their support of the proposal.=20
Enron would request the following:=20
Same as SCE and PG&E approach=20
Other considerations:=20
Ability to hedge price risk in the retail portfolio, without concern re CTC or other surcharge amounts. =20
Enron Model=20
This approach assumes we continue to support a market based (NP15 and SP15) calculation methodology for the PX credit.  =20
Enron would request the following:=20
It is unlikely we would receive any level of cooperation from either PG&E and SCE.   The consensus from legal, regulatory, and EWS commercial is        the probability of getting this approach approved is low.   However, understanding this amount, at a minimum, can be used to help defend the "value"    Enron is foregoing in order to reach agreement with the utilities and CPUC.
Other considerations:=20
This approach would give Enron the ability to hedge "price" risk, but this is somewhat offset with  incremental credit exposure associated with the     actual collection of the PX credit.
Again, please let me know if this does not clearly represent what we concluded in Wednesday's meeting.=20
Thanks,=20
Wanda Curry=20
I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California.  These costs may be (will be?) collected  from some utility customer, potentially including direct access customers.
Bucket #1	Utility Undercollection Feb 1, 2000 Through Jan 18, 2001
About $12.0 Billion (this money includes our Negative CTC amounts).  Should be financed through corporate debt.  No securitization.
Enron's Position:	Bundled service on Jan 1, 2001 pays fixed c/kwh
Bucket #2	CDWR Cost from Jan 5, 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31, 2002
About $12.5 Billion  (about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys)
Enron's Position:	Dedicated Rate Component (DRC) for all residential and small customers.  Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh.  Balancing account for holding Utility even 
Bucket #3	Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31, 2002
URG 	= $40/mwh (retained generation and bilateral contracts)
CDWR 	= $120/mwh
QF 	= $100/mwh  
TOTAL 	= URG*%sales + CDWR*%sales + QF*%sales
= $90/mwh
Bucket #4	AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs
Bucket #5	AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs
Let me know how this turns out.  If you need a contact, let me know.
Also, everyone should be aware about an aggregation project under Phyllis Anzalone.  EES legal has found a loophole to the time restrictions on electricity contracts and the appropriations risk that we need to check out.
Jim 
I will.
Thane -- Doug said that the TX PUC staff was asking about an EES contract at the meeting you all had in Austin last week.  Can you please find the appropriate EES lawyer to follow up on this?  (You may want to call Jim Steffes about what was asked.)  Thanks.
Ray 
Let's discuss on today's Refund call. =20
Jim
It seems to me that FERC's July 25 Order required Judge Birchman to make
findings about the exact amounts owed by each buyer to each seller.  The
proposal to establish methodologies does exactly that, among other things.
Therefore, it seems to me that it needs to be part of the the pending
California proceedings.
That is not to say, however, that it should not also be part of the
Chargeback proceedings under the April 6 FERC order.  It should also be
applicable to those proceedings.
Therefore, we need to develop a strategy to make it part of both
proceedings.  Timing is obviously critical, and I am soliciting the
Chargeback movants' views on that subject along with the substance of the
proposal.  I would like to point out that I have learned from the settlement
proceedings before Judge Wagner that we must submit the proposal early in
the proceedings to ensure that they are considered and can have an impact.
I sent an email to Ron Carroll letting him know that I am available for a
conference call at the following times:
Weds Aug 22 after 11 am Pacific time,
Thurs Aug 23 prior to 1 pm Pacific time,
Fri Aug 24 anytime except 1130 am to 2 pm Pacific time
Please let me know when we can discuss this further.  Thanks for your help.
Pls print and hold for my Thurs meeting.
Thanks,
Jim
In addition to the motion, Sam Behrends also prepared the attached memo, at our request, with his thoughts about how we may want to shop this at FERC.  We should discuss these strategy issues as well during the call on Thursday.
Sarah
sounds good.
I agree with Steve.  We should join in the response to oppose the request for stay. 
In order to remain consistent with our message in the rest of the region, supporting FERC order, I suggest we join in the response. SM  
Steve or Joe -- Is there a reason that politically we would not want to join in a response against the North Carolina Utility Commission's request to stay the SE RTO mediation?  At least some others (Electricities) is planning to oppose, so it will not go unopposed if Enron doesn't join in.  From a pure FERC filing perspective, I have reviewed and totally disagree with the NCUC's request and would be happy to support FERC.  (DUE 8/28)
Thanks
As you may know, while several state Commissions have sought rehearing of
FERC's July 12 orders initiating the RT-100 mediation, the NCUC accompanied
its rehearing application with an August 13 motion to stay that Order.
ElectriCities, via Jim Horwood of our firm, is planning to file on August 28
in opposition to that motion, on the grounds that a single RTO for the
Southeast is well worth attempting to achieve through mediation and that the
GridSouth record belies the NCUC's claims of surprise.  A multiparty
opposition by multiple transmission customers and others would be helpful in
keeping RTO unification on track.  Accordingly, we invite you all to
consider joining in our opposition (draft to be circulated in advance of the
August 28 due date but not yet written) or filing an opposition of your own.
If you're sufficiently interested in joining such a motion to want an
advance draft for confidential review, please let me know who should get it,
along with any special considerations on timing.
Guys 
I agree that we need to file at FERC.  But we need to also get in the field with a strong message supporting FERC ASAP in the Southeast.  I'd rather go down swinging.  Maybe a least find out the objections of the parties across the region (including PUCs, stakeholders, etc 
What about building a short schedule?  Maybe coordinate with DC office on key members?
Jim
good job.
To All,
Attached is a clean version of the comments to be filed with FERC today (8/20) relating to the WSCC-wide price mitigation 
Highlights:
EPMI requests that the caps be removed, using arguments that caps are not beneficial to development of a robust market in the west.
If - a cap is necessary we suggest an alternative where the highest cost unit in the entire west set the price.
Price certainty - we explain how the market needs price certainty and that the price cap with the potential for changing hourly is detrimental to a functioning energy market
We point out the lack of independence of the CAISO and their board.  The fact that the ISO operates with the vested interest of CA and not the entire west.
Marketer cost recovery - we describe the current problem where marketers are excluded from "above-the-cap" bidding and justification. 
FYI, our comments line-up closely with those being filed by PGE and other PNW entities, so the Commission will be getting a consistent message from many WSCC entities - remove the cap.
I have briefed Tim on the content of the filing and Ray has spoken to Kim Curry of Bracewell/Patterson and approved this be filed on our behalf today 8/20.
Any questions or concerns, please contact me.
Kind 
Dave
Guys:
Attached is the latest draft, which incorporates dave's edits.  I have forwarded a copy of this draft to Coral as well, to see if they would like to join on.  I have attached this draft in WordPerfect  because we are having a little trouble over here at Bracewell converting documents from WordPerfect to Word.  If you have any trouble opening this document, please let me know.
- COMMENTS.WPD  
I wanted to make sure that everyone is on the same page related to utility costs in California.  These costs may be (will be?) collected  from some utility customer, potentially including direct access customers.
Bucket #1	Utility Undercollection Feb 1, 2000 Through Jan 18, 2001
About $12.0 Billion (this money includes our Negative CTC amounts).  Should be financed through corporate debt.  No securitization.
Enron's Position:	Bundled service on Jan 1, 2001 pays fixed c/kwh
Bucket #2	CDWR Cost from Jan 5, 2001 through Bond Issuance or March 31, 2002
About $12.5 Billion  (about $10 Billion for spot purchases and $2.5 Billion for long-term buys)
Enron's Position:	Dedicated Rate Component (DRC) for all residential and small customers.  Larger customers are assigned direct responsibility for the Undercollection on c/kwh.  Balancing account for holding Utility even 
Bucket #3	Prospective Generation Costs for Bundled Service Post March 31, 2002
URG 	= $40/mwh (retained generation and bilateral contracts)
CDWR 	= $120/mwh
QF 	= $100/mwh  
TOTAL 	= URG*%sales + CDWR*%sales + QF*%sales
= $90/mwh
Bucket #4	AB1890 Non-Generation Stranded Costs
Bucket #5	AB1890 Generation Stranded Costs
I think this makes alot of sense.  Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you?
Jim
Jim - In an effort to more efficiently participate in the DC meetings with respect to the NE RTO, I would like Tom Hoatson to lead my teams effort.  I believe he has a solid understanding of each of the ISO's/Pools, and can call upon Allegretti, Fromer and Staines as needed.  Any thoughts? SM
Linda 
Please arrange a good time tomorrow or Thursday to talk with Aleck.
Jim
As I discussed earlier with Rick, sasha Jacob is leaving GPC at the end of the month to join another firm.  sash is particularly valuable becuase of his impeccable connections with Jim Wilson (the Minister of energy) and the staffers on the government side of the Legislature.  What I wouldn't mind talking through with you is the continuing need for assistance re the media here, as Tom McLaren proposes. I think we need it and Peter Varley would be good to work with in that regard - he is the Premier's former Press Secretary and has conections with the major Toronto dilies that have proved helpful. 
Aleck:
Further to our phone call, as promised I am sending you this e-mail to
confirm our interest in ensuring that Enron Canada can secure the consulting
resources it requires at the current time to ensure an expeditious and
assured opening of Ontario's electrical power market. As well, as you know
we have superior resources in Alberta and elsewhere to augment your
government relations, media and public affairs resources.
I would like to meet with you today or early Wednesday to discuss an amended
going-forward task assignment for GPC, given the likelihood of assigning the
Queen's Park contact program to Sasha, or his new firm. I would ask that
should you be successful in concluding an engagement agreement with Sasha or
his firm that you inform us and I will have our in-house counsel confirm the
removal of any restrictive covenants that Sasha has with GPC that would
prevent him from doing consulting work with you 
While the contact program you want Sasha to work on is key to your
objectives, it is nonetheless only one element of a comprehensive campaign,
so whatever your arrangements with Sasha or his firm may be, we see GPC's
critical areas of support as follows.
*	GPC would continue to provide strategic advice on the
overall program to secure Enron Canada's market opening in Ontario,
including advice to you on the Queen's Park Contact Program. Assuming that
you will be working with Sasha to execute the Queen's Park contact program,
we still believe that our assessment of the situation will be very valuable,
particularly with the opposition parties and for giving you an independent
back channel to gauge your success. 
*	GPC would also provide advice to you on the management of
other important stakeholders, such the municipal utilities, major power
consumers, consumer and environmental/social advocates and others who may
slow down or derail the market reforms.
*	Regarding the opposition parties, we endorse your strategy
of maintaining the current support of the Official Opposition Liberals. GPC
is well positioned to assist in this political arena. It should be separated
from the government program in our view if possible.
*	The media will also perform a pivotal role in shaping the
public's understanding of the issue. In this respect, we would recommend
that GPC's Peter Varley assist you. Our approach would be to ensure that the
major media outlets in key government constituencies are targeted to have an
accurate and favourable response to Enron Canada's position. Ideally, we
would work to ensure that these outlets are proactively supportive of the
market opening in their respective editorial positions and that Enron is a
preferred media contact. This would enable you be in a better position to
shape the media debate. To accomplish this we would recommend both a
proactive and reactive approach - i.e., media plan, contact program, program
delivery and day-to-day monitoring and rapid response (Aleck this is much
like we did for project Stanley).
*	GPC would also develop all collateral materials for all
audiences including the media, government, regulators and market
stakeholders. This would include briefing notes, Q&A, media releases, policy
papers etc.
*	Outside Ontario, there are other concerns, including some
current issues underway in Alberta, which Enron Canada should be alerted to
from time to time and GPC can help you understand those concerns as they
arise and assess the value of strategic intervention 	
As we discussed, I will be the overall account manager for GPC and I
strongly recommend that you, Sasha and I meet as a team twice a month to
coordinate our efforts and to exchange intelligence 
I have also reviewed our current contractual arrangement with you (our
letter agreement from 08 June 2000) and I believe a new contract is not
required as our current contract would seem to be appropriate. It sets out a
comprehensive set of deliverables which covers all the points I have
outlined above, and an agreed understanding between you and me on a budget
will fit within the terms of that contract.
Once again Aleck, thanks for your support and patience and, as you can tell,
we value your business very highly. 
I will call you to set up a convenient time to meet to ensure this overview
is consistent with our discussions and also to review with you the members
of the GPC team.
Tom McLaren
Executive Vice President
GPC International
416 598 0055
tmclaren@gpc.ca
website 
This email message has been swept by MIMEsweeper
for the presence of computer viruses
Ce courrier a fait l'objet d'un balayage antivirus au moyen
du logiciel MIMEsweeper
Thanks for doing this 
Jim
Jim, we are handling this for Lisa, plus the intervention in support for Enron Global Markets in the Calypso Pipeline proceeding.  However, I wanted to make sure you saw this as being within our job scope since EGM is a separate organization from ENA and EES.  I understand that Lisa used to use outside counsel to file her FERC pleadings, but I don't know why she changed.
Let me know if you want to discuss.  Thanks.
Becky:  please file a plain vanilla intervention in this docket for Enron LNG.   THANKS!!
Probably not.  Thanks.
Jim
I will work that out with Tom.  Do you see  the RTO matters taking up all of Tom's time? I didn't, however you may have a better handle.  The two are linked pretty closely. SM
I think this makes alot of sense.  Who would cover PA and NJ at retail - you?
Jim
Jim - In an effort to more efficiently participate in the DC meetings with respect to the NE RTO, I would like Tom Hoatson to lead my teams effort.  I believe he has a solid understanding of each of the ISO's/Pools, and can call upon Allegretti, Fromer and Staines as needed.  Any thoughts? SM
When: Tuesday, August 21, 2001 4:00 PM-4:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: eb47
PLEASE ATTEND IF POSSIBLE.
Latest information on CPUC Decision 
Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would:
*	hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA,
*	resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC, and
*	hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA.
This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue.  It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved 
Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1.
Jim
Please see me.
Thx.
Jim,
I prepared this report for the month of Sept.  Does this format work for you?  If so, Paul will complete it (or have it completed) for the rest of the Western Group.
Alan 
John 
How about I take the "delay" side for $200?
Jim
Latest information on CPUC Decision 
Commissioner Bilas filed an Alternative Draft for the CPUC that would:
*	hold DA suspension and have the CPUC conduct hearings that would work out details including impact on bonds and phasing ending of DA,
*	resolved issues related to credits and payments of Negative CTC, and
*	hold hearings dealing with bottoms-up ratemaking for DA.
This is effectively an updated version of the alternate that Bilas put out last time the CPUC considered this issue.  It is a long-shot that this alternative would be approved 
Our current information is still that the CPUC will vote to suspend DA as of Sept 1.
Jim
[Lavorato, John]  I bet you 100 bucks they delay the decision. 
[Lavorato, John 
I think that we should support the effort.  I would not get into the specifics in any region or the specifics of the proceedings.  This should be an opportunity for Enron to "spin" its message - RTOs help us help our customers 
Jim
Given that we're in the process of identifying influential stakeholders, this appears to be a good opportunity to clarify and deliver our message.  Jim do you agree we should help Jeannie 
Jim and Janel -- Do you want me to respond to Jeannie on this?  Do we want to write this up in an Enron customer paper article right now?
Thanks much.
Christi, hi -- we spoke about a month ago. I'm working with Michael Burr to pull together an article for our customers on what's going on with RTOs. I know you and Sarah have been involved in the hearings, and that we don't want to comment during this 45-day period. But we will publish in late September and I feel Mike really needs your input in a couple of areas:
1. Why are the states and the proposed RTOs fighting FERC's order so fiercely? And why won't the RTOs being proposed work?
2. There is some confusion as to whether RTO formation is still voluntary. Is it?
3. Can you suggest any source within FERC who can articulate the commission's thinking?
4. Do you see a likely scenario or timetable emerging?
This article is a great chance to talk to our customers about this issue. Please let me know if you can provide some help.
Thanks,
Jeannie
Jim,
Is this the decision you are looking for?
713-853-9287 
888-703-0309
sounds good.
The structure of an independent market monitor is arising in the RTO proceedings.  These are some thoughts:
Market monitor should have the ability to monitor the activities of the RTO and the markets.  For example, if the RTO is a transco, it is appropriate for the MM to review whether the RTO is doing something potentially problematic in planning, ATC calcs, etc.
MM should only have the ability to recommend changes to market structure, possible penalties, etc.  MM should not have the ability to issue a penalty to any one without first going to FERC.  It is possible that the MM could ask for FERC pre-approval to issue "penalties" or remedies for certain conduct.  The example that comes to mind is the $1000 price cap in PJM.  It has been approved at FERC and if someone bids above it, the MM could reduce the bid to $1000 without going to FERC again.
MM has no authority that FERC does not have.  (I have heard some (outside of Enron) people state that the MM should have authority to do things that FERC could not do.)
Market participants should always retain their right to go to FERC before providing documents in response to an MM request and should retain right to go to FERC even if there is an arbitration clause (should not be required to agree to binding arbitration).
Ultimately, FERC staff could provide the MM function.
Let me know any comments ASAP please (since I have comments due on this Friday for the SE RTO).  Thanks.
Why have exit fees and limit to open enrollment?
Jim
The following are some of the proposed amendments to SBX2 78, in concept.
The amendments were developed by the Administration and Assembly Democratic
leadership and have not been finalized, nor have they been run past the
Senate in full detail.  It is unlikely that the Assembly will take the bill
up this week.
Direct Access: SBX2 78 will contain the final DA provisions from ABX2 82
which are located in Water Code Section 80110.  The amendments, in short,
provide that customers may switch during open enrollment periods provided
that there is enough head room and in proportion to the customer class.  The
Assembly has apparently convinced the Treasurer that DA can exist provided
there are non-bypassable charges and specified exit fees.
Threshold: The payment threshold will be lowered to 20 kw for 100% of the
undercollection despite the Senate's objections.  Lowering the threshold to
20 kw will probably force some of the liberal Democrats off the bill but
will bring even more of the moderate Democrats on to the bill.
Tax Refund: SCE will keep the $400 million projected tax refund and not have
that amount applied towards the bonding amount.
Easements: The easements are currently in the bill, however, they may need
to come out in order to secure moderate Democratic votes.
Renewable Portfolio Standard:  The RPS from ABX2 82 will be included in SBX2
78.
Right now I'd let the FERC make that call.  If asked, Enron believes that incorporating Fla into the Southeast makes great sense for Florida consumers - more access to low cost markets, etc.  Why is the fight ours?  Let's keep it alive before FERC but not make it a big push for Enron.
Jim
Jim - What is your position regarding Fla in the SE RTO?  Do we want to fight the fight with the Fla. PSC or are we willing to accept Fla as a stand alone at this point, and let things sort out in the rest of the SE first.  I believe Staines thinks that we will lose ground in Fla rolling them up into the SE RTO?  I probably agree with that statement and also believe we will rattle the Fla PSC's cage with little or no chance of winning the argument.  Thoughts? SM
What happened?
Jim
Apparently the link to the Senate website which contains information on
today's Senate Energy Committee hearing does not work.  Therefore, I have
cut and paste the document and attached it to my e-mail.
INFORMATIONAL HEARING
Proposed Rate Agreement Between The California Department
Of Water Resources And The California Public Utilities Commission
State Capitol, Room 2040
August 21, 2001
1:30 p.m.
I. Opening Comments
Senator Debra Bowen, Chairwoman
Senate Energy, Utilities & Communications Committee
Senator Bill Morrow, Vice-Chairman
Senate Energy, Utilities & Communications Committee
II. Panelists
Stan Dirks
California Department of Water Resources
Chris Warner
Pacific Gas & Electric
Gary Schoonyan
Southern California Edison
Jim Hay
San Diego Gas & Electric
Mike Florio
The Utility Reform Network
Dave Morse
Office of Ratepayer Advocates
Dan Carroll
California Industrial Users
Douglas Heller
Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights
Bill Julian
California Public Utilities Commission
BACKGROUND
At the peak of California's electricity crisis, two of California's
investor-owned utilities were financially unable to purchase electricity on
behalf of their customers. AB 1x (Keeley), Chapter 4, Statutes of 2001,
authorized the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) to begin
buying power on behalf of the customers of those two utilities and San Diego
Gas & Electric ratepayers, as well as to issue bonds to finance such
purchases. DWR wasn't authorized to utilize the credit of the state to back
those purchases. Instead, it was authorized to recover the money needed to
pay for its electricity purchases through electric rates charged to
consumers and to perform is own "reasonableness review" of those costs. The
California Public Utilities Commission's (CPUC) discretion to perform a
reasonableness review is rarely abrogated (an exception being the costs of
collective bargaining agreements), but AB 1x made an exception in this case
for two basic reasons: First, if the CPUC decided to preclude certain power
costs from being passed along to ratepayers, the effect would be to simply
shift those costs from ratepayers to taxpayers. Second, the goal of a
reasonableness review, which is to create an incentive to do the best
possible job, on behalf of the ratepayers could be accomplished through DWR'
s accountability to ratepayers. The theory was the political process would
provide the check on DWR's activities much in the same way customers provide
a check on the activities of a municipal utility.
To fulfill its obligations under AB 1x, DWR spent $7.6 billion through May
2001. That money was originally loaned from the General Fund. In addition,
the state obtained a short-term bank loan of $4.3 billion to help pay for
ongoing electricity purchases. That short-term loan, the outstanding debt
owed to the General Fund, and the difference between actual electricity
costs and electricity rates paid to DWR will all be financed through a $12.5
billion bond offering, which was authorized by SB 31x (Burton), Chapter 9,
Statutes of 2001, and may take place as early as October. DWR has stated
that the bond offering is contingent upon the CPUC taking a number of
actions on August 23, 2001, one of which is to approve the DWR-constructed
Rate Agreement (Agreement) between DWR and the CPUC.
The Agreement provides the irrevocable contractual and enforceable assurance
that the CPUC will allow DWR's electricity power purchase costs to be
recovered in a timely manner. Specifically, the Agreement:
Creates a Rate Covenant where the CPUC acknowledges DWR's right to recover
its self-determined revenue requirement as specified;
Defines DWR's revenue requirement to include the repayment of the bonds, the
cost of DWR's electricity procurement, including the long-term contracts,
administrative, consulting and legal costs, and the cost of demand
management programs;
Requires the CPUC to establish rates to allow recovery of DWR's revenue
requirement within 30 days or 90 days, as determined by DWR;
Authorizes DWR to take the CPUC to court to enforcement its provisions.
DWR has stated the Agreement is an essential element to obtaining the bond
financing. J.P. Morgan, the senior managing underwriter for the DWR bonds,
has similarly stated that without the Agreement, the bonds won't be viewed
as investment grade quality, thereby jeopardizing the bond issuance.
The Agreement is currently being considered by the CPUC. A number of
parties, including small and large consumer groups who will be responsible
for paying the rates, along with the investor-owned utilities, have
commented on DWR's proposed Agreement and raised a number of concerns. The
Treasurer has offered some suggested amendments to the Agreement to try and
answer some of the concerns without impairing his ability to sell the bonds.
Issues & Questions The Committee May Wish To Consider
Must an Agreement be Signed?
AB 1x permits the CPUC to enter into a rate agreement with DWR, but such an
agreement is not required by the statute. Given the irrevocable nature of
DWR's proposed Agreement, is it necessary for the CPUC to approve the
agreement, or will some other, less binding agreement suffice? One alternate
approach to the Agreement is SB 18xx (Burton), which provides a dedicated
rate to pay for the bonds and specifies exactly what DWR may include as a
part of its costs. SB 18xx passed the Senate 35-2 on July 20, 2001, and is
pending at the Assembly desk.
Public Review
DWR's revenue requirement, at least as it pertains to power purchase costs,
bond repayment, and associated administrative costs, clearly isn't subject
to CPUC review or adjustment pursuant to AB 1x. Rather than have an
independent party like the CPUC review its efforts, AB 1x envisioned that
public review and accountability would motivate DWR to do the best possible
job to get the best value possible for ratepayers. However, the Agreement
neither contemplates nor provides for public review, which has raised
concerns from a number of parties about what costs beyond the cost of buying
power DWR is attempting to pass along to ratepayers as a part of the
Agreement.
Scope of Revenue Requirement
AB 1x specifically permits DWR to cover the cost of the bonds, power
purchases, and associated administrative costs. The Agreement submitted by
DWR to the CPUC for adoption allows DWR to recover much more than those
costs, including the cost of demand management programs and legal,
consulting, and technical services. By including such costs in the
Agreement, these costs are subject to neither legislative nor public review.
The demand management programs have historically been the purview of the
CPUC. (The California Independent System Operator has attempted this year to
create and administer some of these programs with mixed success.) However,
DWR has no background in demand management and no public process for
considering and approving such programs. Given the lack of a public process
and DWR's lack of expertise on demand management programs, is it appropriate
to allow DWR to include the unknown costs of these programs in the
Agreement?
30 and 90 Day Review
The Agreement requires the CPUC to review and implement rates which allow
DWR to recover its revenue requirement within 90 days, or 30 days if DWR
finds that an expedited change is necessary. This is an extremely short
window of time for the CPUC to analyze any DWR request and provide for full
public review and comment.
Auditing
DWR's revenue requirement will be tens of billions of dollars which will be
paid for exclusively by the ratepayers of the state's investor-owned
utilities. Despite the fact that billions of dollars will be changing hands,
the Agreement fails to include an auditing requirement to ensure that
appropriate revenues are provided to DWR, that surplus revenues are returned
to ratepayers, and that there is ongoing monitoring of DWR's accounts.
Court Challenges
The purpose of the rate agreement is to facilitate the issuance of the bonds
to repay the General Fund and the short-term loan. It's possible that some
party may challenge this Agreement or any of the other related CPUC
decisions (i.e. establishing the DWR revenue requirement, creating a
servicing agreement between DWR and the utilities, etc.), in either federal
or state court. How will such a challenge effect the issuance of the bonds?
Contract Renegotiation
The DWR contracts, negotiated at the height of the energy crisis, are viewed
by some as expensive. The state and ratepayers would certainly be better off
if those contracts can be renegotiated based upon current circumstances. The
Agreement binds the CPUC to set rates sufficient for DWR to recover its
revenue requirement, including the cost of the contracts it has already
signed. Does the signing of this Agreement diminish DWR's ability or
incentive to renegotiate any of the contracts? Does it eliminate any
incentive DWR has to negotiate the best possible price on any future
contracts that it may sign, since the costs of those contracts won't be
subject to review or adjustment?
John & Louise 
I wanted to make sure that you were aware that FERC has ordered natural gas sellers to provide monthly reporting for transactions relating to California.  We are, of course, seeking for FERC to modify its decision.  Given the politics surrounding California energy markets, it is unlikely that FERC remove in whole the reporting obligation.  Govt Affairs has talked with the West gas team about this new obligation and how we respond.
If you have any questions, please call.
Jim
Attached is a draft of our rehearing request on the order FERC issued in RM01-9 requiring sellers of gas into California to file information on their sales, transport, and purchases.  The rehearing request restates our arguments in response to the NOPR  that (1) permanent, formal reporting requirements are not appropriate to address a temporary problem and are beyond the scope of the Commission's powers under the Natural Gas Act and (2) the commission significantly underestimated the burden of the reporting requirements as well as the responding parties' ability to comply.  We also request that the reports, if they must be submitted, be due 45 days after the end of the month instead of the required 30 days.
Please provide any comments or suggestions you may have on this draft to either myself (713-853-5840) or Leslie (505-623-6778) by COB Wednesday (8/22  
Thanks.
Makes sense.
Jim
I think this would be a good course for Melinda to take.  If you agree, I can suggest it to her if you'd like.
Effective Negotiating - September 4 & 5, 2001
in EB552    Cost:  $950.00
Effective Negotiating is an intensive two-day seminar that teaches strategies, tactics, techniques, and psychological insights that provide you with the tools to make better Win-Win agreements.  The skills learned can be applied immediately.  These skills are taught through a hard-hitting, fast paced presentation that is enjoyable and educational.
For enrollment, login to our website (<  if you have problems logging in or questions, please call 713 853-0357.
Please see PG&E response.
Jim
Jim, I spoke with Mike Alexander, PG&E, last night.  Their legal team met yesterday afternoon regarding our request.   He expects we will receive a response from Peter Ouberg today or tomorrow.  They are saying that the credits are listed as part of Schedule F of their bankruptcy filing and cannot be reinstated.  Mike also commented that they do not view this as a billing dispute and will refer us to Rule 22, Section L. 2. e &f, ESP responsibilities.
Janet Covington, SCE, said their legal and credit team are crafting a response.  She did not have a feel for how SCE will view our request.  I think it might be a good time to contact Steve Kean.
Let me know if you have questions.
Ok.  How about breakfast on Thursday?
Jim
Jim,
Per our call today, let's try to meet Mr. Turnure for a meal or a drink.  I will be in around 4 p.m. on Tues and will leave @ 6 p.m. on Thurs.
GAC
Alan -
Appreciate your thoughts.
Jim
Jim,
I thought you might be interested in the attached 3-pager.  I leave it
to you to let me know if you'd like to talk further, or get together
when you are in town.
Best of luck
--Jim
- Concept Piece_FERC Analysis.doc  
Thanks for the info.  Will be in touch.
Jim
Jim, I spoke with Mike Alexander, PG&E, last night.  Their legal team met yesterday afternoon regarding our request.   He expects we will receive a response from Peter Ouberg today or tomorrow.  They are saying that the credits are listed as part of Schedule F of their bankruptcy filing and cannot be reinstated.  Mike also commented that they do not view this as a billing dispute and will refer us to Rule 22, Section L. 2. e &f, ESP responsibilities.
Janet Covington, SCE, said their legal and credit team are crafting a response.  She did not have a feel for how SCE will view our request.  I think it might be a good time to contact Steve Kean.
Let me know if you have questions.
Jennifer --  Please review and discuss with me if you think there could be "financial" products placed on top of this Utility service - ie, could we get a customer to agree to this and then offer a swap to fix their rate?
Jim
FYI:
You seen this?
Best,
Jeff
Attached is "PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY'S REAL-TIME PRICING PROPOSAL, SUBMITTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH ORDERING PARAGRAPH 3 OF DECISION 01-08-021", which was filed with the CPUC on Friday, August 17, 2001 and was served by placing it for collection and mailing to:  All Parties of Record In A.00-11-038, et al.
Patricia Kokason 
3-6668 
Fine with me.  I finish up with an EES Op Comm meeting at about 10am.
Jim
I'll be in Houston Monday.  I thought I might drop by around 10 to say hello if that's convenient.
Best,
Pat
Amr- 
You may want this.
Jim
Just to make everyone aware there is a database that is now being offered through E-Source, on a trial basis, that monitors country, regulatory, economic, environmental, legal and operational risk for about 185 different countries. The database claims that it helps its users to determine the quality of conditions and level of stability encountered by investors in each country. 
There is a specific Energy Section. That provides information and analysis on country risk, laws and regulations, industry overviews, and breaks down different parts of the countries energy sector. There is also some environmental analysis. The link to this section is:
The other section is Country Analysis and Forecast which provides information on many different types of risks and issues faced when investing in a country. The link is:
Thanks,
Gavin Dillingham
Environmental Specialist
Enron Corp.
Gavin.Dillingham@
713-345-5961
Is this our responsive testimony?  Jim
By early Saturday afternoon, the Steering Committee plans to circulate to the TFG draft testimonies that are being developed jointly by PowerEx, PPl Montana and Enron for filing on Monday, August 27.  These testimonies are strucured as a suite, each complementing the other.  The witnesses filing these testimonies will be Dr. Richard Tabors (PowerEx), Dr. Scott Jones (PPL), Dr. Samuel Van Vactor (Enron), and Dr. Seabron Adamson (Enron).
The sponsors of these testimonies invite TFG member comments and suggestions for improving the drafts.  However, in order for your comments to be considered, they will need to be received no later than 3:00 PM ESTon Sunday, August 26.  All comments and suggestions need to be in writing and can be faxed (not E-mailed) to me at 202-857-2131.  If your suggestion is in the nature of an addition (rather than simply an edit), please write it out as you would propose we incorporate it.  Sorry that we cannot be more flexible, but you all understand the schedule that we are operating under.  Thanks
Jeffrey D. (Dan) Watkiss
Bracewell & Patterson, LLP
2000 K St., N.W.
Suite 500
Washington, D.C.   20006-1872
(202) 828-5851
dwatkiss@bracepatt.con
jdwatkiss@aol.com
Becky 
Thanks for the update.  I think that maybe you should take 1 hour to walk through the deregulation history of pipelines?  Maybe INGAA has some nice history?
Jim
This is the schedule so far for Mr. Formaggio, who has asked to meet with someone in Enron to understand more about the general operation of a big pipeline (dispatching, the nomination and balancing operation, the allocation of measurement, and other major aspects of third-party-access implementation, including OBAs with interconnecting pipelines).
He was scheduled to arrive this afternoon, and will be staying at the Hyatt Regency 
Thursday, 8/23
9:00 through	Arrive at Enron.  He was given either Ginger Dernehl or myself as initial contacts    Lunch	Advise John Buchanan of arrival (X.37429 	John will come to 47 to escort Mauro down to 41 for presentations by Lynn Blair and others about ETS gas logistics.
Then Mauro will meet with Dannis Bellard for a tour of Gas Control.
3:30-4:30	Meet with Julie Gomez, VP of Long-Term Fundamentals-Gas
Friday, 8/24
11:00-12:00	Meet with Rick Shapiro and Jim Steffes, Government Affairs-The Americas
I am trying to arrange a meeting also with George Smith, either at about 2:00 on Thursday or on Friday morning.  He is a manager in the EWS logistics area who could talk about pipeline operation from the shipper perspective.
Amr 
Please take the first stab at two presentations (for each business unit) that would lay out what our key issues and decisionmaking process for these issues.
Jim
What do I do?
Jim
Please do not reply to this e-mail.
You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box 
that is past due.  Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.
To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
Note:  Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.
First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.
If you are in Europe, please contact European Accounts Payable at +44 20 7783 7520.
I am worried if we give the MM "penalty" ability - especially before the fact.  This feels alot like the NYISO implementing some market remedies.  FERC can act quickly to abuse if it is found.
Jim
Some additional issues we're hearing in the Northeast:
1.  Some people think the MM should be a separate entity -- a separate company/LLC/corp that monitors everyone, including the RTO.    We have not taken a position on this either way.  Others are pushing this a lot.
2.  Some people have advocated that the MM have section 205 rights.  We have opposed this.
3.  Christi, with regard to your example of the MM having "penalty" authority, I agree with your example but would be careful in regarding this type of MM authority has "penalty" authority.  I see this more as implementing a FERC order, and we don't want to go down the slippy slope of saying that some types of "penalties" may be appropriate.
Sarah
Agree with Christi. 
The structure of an independent market monitor is arising in the RTO proceedings.  These are some thoughts: 
Market monitor should have the ability to monitor the activities of the RTO and the markets.  For example, if the RTO is a transco, it is appropriate for the MM to review whether the RTO is doing something potentially problematic in planning, ATC calcs, etc. 
MM should only have the ability to recommend changes to market structure, possible penalties, etc.  MM should not have the ability to issue a penalty to any one without first going to FERC.  It is possible that the MM could ask for FERC pre-approval to issue "penalties" or remedies for certain conduct.  The example that comes to mind is the $1000 price cap in PJM.  It has been approved at FERC and if someone bids above it, the MM could reduce the bid to $1000 without going to FERC again. 
MM has no authority that FERC does not have.  (I have heard some (outside of Enron) people state that the MM should have authority to do things that FERC could not do Market participants should always retain their right to go to FERC before providing documents in response to an MM request and should retain right to go to FERC even if there is an arbitration clause (should not be required to agree to binding arbitration Ultimately, FERC staff could provide the MM function. 
Let me know any comments ASAP please (since I have comments due on this Friday for the SE RTO).  Thanks. 
This gets at some of the buckets of $$ that may or may not be charged to DA.  We continue to try and pull together the facts surrounding the potential surcharges to ensure that the book is properly marked.
Jim
The following is a summary of the Direct Access provisions in the bill language released this afternoon reflecting the deal that Davis cut with Assembly.  Things are very fluid and these provisions could change significantly. 
I was just informed by the large business customers that they just met with the Davis' and Hertzberg's staff and the staff have agreed to amend the DA provisions to make them considerably more favorable for customers and suppliers.  They also said that favorable provisions with respect to self-gen would also be added to the bill. They said that these new amendments could come out as early as tonite or tomorrow morning and that the bill may be heard tomorrow.
Note:  In addition to the DA provisions, the bill also includes provisions that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit. (The bill does not authorize Edison to pay power suppliers, however, and leaves that portion of Edison's debt for Edison's management and shareholders to address.)
Summary of Direct Access provisions:
The program would begin January 1, 2003.
It's unclear what would happen to DA between now and January 1, 2003.  Presumably, the decision to suspend, or not, between now and then would stay with the California PUC.
90 days after the effective date of the bill, and every 6 months thereafter, DWR would provide information to the PUC showing the net short position.
Every 6 months, the PUC would hold an open season permitting customers to switch to DA.
20 KW-and-above customers would have 60 days to decide to switch once the PUC has announced the open season; under 20kw customers would have 180 days.
Customers who switch to DA would be responsible for paying 1) the customer's proportionate share of the utility's undercollection and 2) the customer's proportionate share of DWR's receivables (if any) for power previously delivered by DWR (but not yet fully paid for by customers).
In addition, if the number of customers who elect to choose to go DA in the open season exceeds the net short, then DA customers will have to pay their proportionate share of any DWR stranded contract costs.
If the number of DA customers does not exceed the net short position, then no stranded contract cost fees would be assessed.
Best,
Jeff
Hope 
I will be attending the Board Meeting.  Sorry I am so late.  Linda Noske will be finalizing my plans.
Thanks,
Jim
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
MEMORANDUM
TO:     Members of the CAEM  Board of Directors
BY:      Jeff Mangold, Vice President of Administration
RE:     September Meeting - - RSVP Requested
Date:  August 22, 2001
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on the afternoon of Wednesday, September 12, at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC. 
We will begin the meeting with a luncheon at 12 noon. The substantive session will be from 1 to 5 p.m. Following the Board meeting on Wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the DISCO of the Future Forum for an evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker, beginning at 6:30. Board members are invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13. A complete agenda and meeting materials will be forwarded to you shortly.
At this time we would request your RSVP for three events:
- The Wednesday Board Meeting
- The Wednesday evening reception and dinner
- The Thursday meeting of the DISCO of the Future Forum
We also remind you of the international convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, and the need to make hotel reservations as soon as possible. No rooms remain at the Grand Hyatt.
It is still possible to reserve a room in the CAEM block at the nearby Wyndham Hotel (see below). Just inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets group when requesting a reservation. If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels.
If you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710. We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12.
Information on the DISCO of the Future Forum, as well as our recently released report on gas deregulation, can be found on our newly redesigned website, www.caem.org Hotel Information:
Grand Hyatt Hotel
1000 H Street NW
Washington DC 20001
Phone: 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234
Fax: 202.637.4781
Website Wyndham WashingtonDC
1400 M Street NW
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223
Fax: 202.785.0786
Website  
- image001.gif   - image002.jpg  
Any way to work on (1) moving to 4/1/02?
Jim
The following is a summary of the Direct Access provisions in the bill language released this afternoon reflecting the deal that Davis cut with Assembly.  Things are very fluid and these provisions could change significantly. 
I was just informed by the large business customers that they just met with the Davis' and Hertzberg's staff and the staff have agreed to amend the DA provisions to make them considerably more favorable for customers and suppliers.  They also said that favorable provisions with respect to self-gen would also be added to the bill. They said that these new amendments could come out as early as tonite or tomorrow morning and that the bill may be heard tomorrow.
Note:  In addition to the DA provisions, the bill also includes provisions that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit. (The bill does not authorize Edison to pay power suppliers, however, and leaves that portion of Edison's debt for Edison's management and shareholders to address.)
Summary of Direct Access provisions:
The program would begin January 1, 2003.
It's unclear what would happen to DA between now and January 1, 2003.  Presumably, the decision to suspend, or not, between now and then would stay with the California PUC.
90 days after the effective date of the bill, and every 6 months thereafter, DWR would provide information to the PUC showing the net short position.
Every 6 months, the PUC would hold an open season permitting customers to switch to DA.
20 KW-and-above customers would have 60 days to decide to switch once the PUC has announced the open season; under 20kw customers would have 180 days.
Customers who switch to DA would be responsible for paying 1) the customer's proportionate share of the utility's undercollection and 2) the customer's proportionate share of DWR's receivables (if any) for power previously delivered by DWR (but not yet fully paid for by customers).
In addition, if the number of customers who elect to choose to go DA in the open season exceeds the net short, then DA customers will have to pay their proportionate share of any DWR stranded contract costs.
If the number of DA customers does not exceed the net short position, then no stranded contract cost fees would be assessed.
Best,
Jeff
Steve  
Thanks.  Looks good.  Some thoughts for you to consider:
1.    Not sure that Impact #1 makes sense to present.  No real reason to set CTC = 0 c/kwh on Jan 5 (CalPX was still in operation).  I think that Impact #2 better captures the idea.  Also, probably not good to use the term "CTC Eliminated".  Maybe should say "CTC = 0 c/kwh".  Given the CPUC's March 27 Order, the Utilities have a claim for additional generation related stranded costs until March 31, 2002.
2.     In calculating Impact #2, what did you use as the Jan 19 - Aug baseline?  Did you calculate the hit of ($104.5) from actual bills or based on our DJ Index model (there is a fundamental difference in likelihood based on the baseline)?  Also, I assume that the Feb - Aug timeframe was relatively low because EES and EEMC had most of their load on bundled service.
3.    Probably should discuss in a footnote the different models for PX Credit calculation and most specifically the PG&E Adjustment.  Also, may be interesting to have the $ impact of the PG&E Adjustment (the rate adjustment to re-capture their previous mistake).  I think that this is something we need to go into the CPUC to fight pretty quickly.
4.    Should Impact #4 and Impact #5 apply to SCE's loads?  In column 4 it looks like it does.  SCE is not currently hitting our bills with this surcharge.
5.    Probably better to model Impact #5 as of Oct 1 not Sept 1.
6.    Can you break out the volumes for "vintage" contracts versus "retail gen with passthru" contracts?  You haven't shown anything for (a) Utility Undercollection costs or (b) CDWR bond fees.  These costs may hit our vintage contracts.
Jim
The attached file is the latest version, go to SUMMARY page.  I still have some finalizing to do on the format/info to present, would appreciate comments, feedback, etc.  As you will see, we have veered some from our initial task of looking at "SCE" and "PG&E" method, mainly b/c I have come to believe, based on info from Sue Mara and other sources, that SCE does not intend to eliminate the CTC -- they have merely stopped calculating it for now until they can get some guidance from CPUC.  Nevertheless, if the CTC were to be eliminated, the impact is shown in the model summary.
I plan to speak some with Belden as soon as he gets in tomorrow AM, and then we can proceed to talking with Whalley, et al.  Thanks 
Pls work into my calendar.
Jim
Margaret Allen would like to schedule a 45 minute meeting with you on either Monday, August 27, between 9am and 2pm or on Tuesday, August 28, between 9am and 1pm.  The subject of the meeting will be the GENIE project - to get your feedback on the portal. Please forward me the time and day of your choice and we will try to accommodate your needs.  Your participation is greatly appreciated.  Thank you 
GENIE is the internal name of the project that includes forums, daily content pushes and 	web casts. The first forum is on Energy Policy in Oct, but we are launching two portals in 	early Sept. Margaret was hoping to walk you through it and get your take. Also, there is a 	discussion in the Dec. forum on online exchanges, so she wanted to discuss that with 	you as well. 
I'd be happy to come to the meeting on Sept 5.  I'd rather stay close to the bldg for the reception.
Jim
Hello Jim,
Our Department is planning a Recruiting Offsite.  With this offsite we would like to include our Executive Team Leads 
Had a couple of questions to ask:
1)  Would you be available for our recruiting kick-off meeting on September 5, from 2-5?
2)  Would you be willing to come to Jillians or would they rather stay close to the building, there is a reception that would follow.
If you are available please save the date.
Please let me know 
Paul L./Recruiter
John 
Look at the letter from CAEM below.  They want us to sign on.  Not sure that Enron adding its name is the best idea.  Also, are the sections listed the right ones?  Maybe we can change this without our name.
Jim
FYI.  Please find attached a letter to the editor that I submitted today
to the Washington Post on their three-part series on electricity
restructuring.  While the series was informative and pointed to some
serious problems, I thought it was too doom and gloom.  I would be
interested to hear your comments on the attached.
We need to do a better job at telling the positive side of the story on
competition.
I also have attached the letter that the Leadership Council on Energy
Competition will be sending to the President shortly.  Over 50 leaders
have already made a commitment to sign.  If you have not done so
already, please "sign it" by sending an e-mail to me with your current
title and contact information.  As you can see in the letter,
individuals with organizational affiliations -- but not necessarily the
organizations themselves -- are signing onto the letter.
Jamie
Jamie Wimberly
President
CAEM
- Washington Post Letter.doc 
- Letter To The President -- FINAL DRAFT.doc 
Please process this request.
Jim
Joan Stransky is requesting access to the below role(s) and its pending your approval.  Please email your response to SAP Security.  If you have any questions, please contact her/his supervisor.
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
1. Add FN AP Invoice Processing-CORP
User's Current Access:
Std End-User profile for basis and prntg
HR Local Time Keeper - CORP HR
HR EMployee ESS CATS Enterprise HR
FN FI Consolidated Viewer-CORP
Thank you,
ISC SAP Security (Eva)
The following request information was recently submitted 
REQUESTOR INFORMATION:
Business Unit:                CORP
Cost Center:                  103246
Company Code:                 001
Business Unit for Roles:      CORP
Other Business Units:
SAP ID:                       p00500449
GENERAL INFORMATION:
Supervisor:                   James Steffes
Supervisor Telephone Number:  853 7673
Employee Name (Last,First,M): Stransky, Joan. F.
Employee Location:            EB4736B
Employee Telephone Number:    853-7431
Employee Email Address:       joan.stransky@
Job Title:                    Admin Asst
SAP User Type:                Enron Employee
Business Reason    I have been asked to support Becky Cantrell and Melinda
Pharms in timekeeping and invoice coding.
VIEWER ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
1. Add FN AP Invoice Processing
PROJECT SYSTEM ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
JOINT VENTURE ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
MATERIALS MANAGEMENT / PURCHASING ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
CENTRALIZED ROLES (LIMITED TO SPECIFIC PERSONNEL):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES (HR PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES - TIMEKEEPERS:
1. Add  HR Local Timekeeper
HUMAN RESOURCES - BENEFITS (BENEFITS PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES - PAYROLL (PAYROLL PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
Susan 
Please take the lead on coordinating our response.  Thanks.
Please see the attached summary of the notice of proposed rulemaking recently issued by FERC which proposes to revise the transactional reporting requirements for public utilities (including power marketers).  EPSA will be hosting several discussions and probably preparing comments (which are due October 5).  We need to discuss whether Enron wants to file its own comments.
Susan Lindberg
713.853.0596
Paul 
How is everything going?  Wanted to make sure that I hadn't been unresponsive to the project.  Anything critical that you need from me?  Please let me know.
Jim
Agree.  Would be good to have the utilities' answer in graphic form (17+ RTOs) versus FERC's model on a side-by-side.  Discussion of the TCA work on natural markets to support FERC.
Jim
I just wanted to second Sue's motion about the idea of a map to demonstrate the visual and substantive clarity of FERC's Super RTO model.  The map could be augmented with information on how those regions come closer to be aligned with actual power needs and flows.  I recall attending an EPSA conference for congressional staff soon after I arrived (June or so) which showed the crazy quilt-like map of the then-proposed RTOs that just looked unworkable.  The simplicity of the Super RTO model -- combined with some basic power idea -- will be a powerful lobbying tool.
Janel----as you know, most of the interaction on RTOs that I have had is with the Governors, and more specifically the western govs, so my comments are directed to them, but I think these suggestions could work for other influencers as well.
RTOs are not a readily understandable issue for a governor who has 50-100 issues every week to cover, nor is there a natural constituency that would politically support a governor getting involved, nor is it an issue that they care about---they just want the lights to go on and their voters to have moderate prices and reliability and for the energy crisis to go away if they perceive that it is affecting them.  Those that know a little bit about the RTOs are following their incumbent utility lead in opposing a west wide RTO, they are invoking the "states rights" mantra, and they don't want to be in the same  playground as California. 
I would suggest that we need materials/information (probably a power point of 5-8 pages)as follows:
1  A description of the RTOs and generally what our position is, in plain english, in 3 sentences or less.
2.  A minimum of 2 or 3 analogies to a well designed RTO.  The analogies need to be fleshed out...ie, cover all objections and questions.  The one that comes to mind is Eisenhower and the federal highway system--when/how it happened; who protested and why they were wrong; how great the highway system was for the economy and quality of life, etc.  Governors need something they can use as a sound bite and something they understand well to use as an analogy.  They do not want to look stupid, and most of them know little about energy, and so we need to give them something very simple to use as their underlying reasoning for supporting our position.
3  Identify and describe only the the 2 or 3 most important, specific issues that we need to see addressed in the RTOs---native load exemption gone/congestion management solutions/timing or whatever Steffes and team identify.
4. Specifically set out what the objections of other parties would be to the governor supporting our position on those 3 issues identified.  (this is key in making sure that they trust our information, and it also makes sure that they are prepared to answer the objections)  Specifically set out what the answer is to overcome those objections.
5. Provide positive effects of a governor agreeing with the 2 or 3 issues--why he/she should  take our position ie better reliability, more transmission or generation will be built if system is truly open, keep them from getting screwed by California, etc.
6.  somewhere in here we also need a very simple map so they can visualize what RTOs are.
Today I contacted our friends at Frontier Economics and at Tabors Caramanis about developing a set of talking points and leave-behinds for future RTO meetings (outside of the mediation process) with Governors, State Legislatures, Utility Commissioners and Members of Congress  
In order to adequately provide us with the materials we need, both firms are interested in getting a better idea of the following:
who (which individuals) are raising concerns about the RTO Concept that FERC/Enron are advocating 
what specifically are the arguments these critics are making against the single, mandatory RTO concept? 
What are the priority issues that need addressing in your regions?  (We'll probably have to develop different documents depending on who we are talking with).
Each of you contacted me this week about wanting to meet with various policymakers in order to address their concerns and deliver our message.  Before you schedule your meetings, I think it's important to arm you with materials that can be left behind that summarize and/or outline your arguments for a single RTO.  Your feedback is important so PLEASE send me an email by Thursday outlining the feedback you've recently received and topics that you want Frontier Economics and TC to address.
Time is of the essence so please send me whatever thoughts you have so that I can forward to FE and TC  
Thanks 
Please give me your comments before the meeting.
Jim
713-853-9287 
888-703-0309
FYI
All,
Here is the latest version, summary page only.  Let me know if you have questions, comments.  Thanks 
Hey,  maybe here for our anniversary.
Jim
look up  www.langdonhall.ca
thanks.
look up  www.langdonhall.ca
Thanks.  By the way, it is only a "suggestion 
I know that I can push pretty hard at times but it's only because I believe that both of you can handle it.  You're both doing fabulous jobs.  Of everything going on, I never worry about the NE and SE RTO mediations because I know that you guys are going to get everything possible for Enron.  Keep up the great job 
Thanks for everything,
Jim
CONFIDENTIAL
EPSA letter to ALJ.  Please note the timetables proposed are consistent with Jim's "suggestion" this morning.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BEFORE THE
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
Regional Transmission Organizations	)	Docket No. RT01-100-000
The Electric Power Supply Association (EPSA) has welcomed the opportunity to give you input during the Southeast mediation proceeding.  EPSA and its members would like to thank you and your team for taking time from the proceeding, to share your insights, hear our views, and answer our questions.  We now want to provide you with additional input from generators and marketers in the form of proposed milestones and deadlines regarding continued FERC involvement after the mediation.  We recognize your schedule and hope these brief points will be appropriate prior to your receipt of responses to the strawmen. 
FERC's Continued Involvement
EPSA strongly supports FERC's continued involvement in the development of one Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) for the Southeast.  EPSA believes such continued involvement is critical to achieving RTO market operations in the Southeast as soon as possible.  We cannot overestimate the damage to market efficiency and consumer benefits that result from continued delays to full competition, a problem that plagues the entire country. It was very encouraging to hear of your support for this involvement and desire to get input from market participants regarding how this can be done after the 45-day settlement period has ended.  EPSA would like to make procedural suggestions for the post-mediation period that would include continued Commission involvement that is deemed critical to the formation of a single Southeast RTO.  We hope that the following suggestions are helpful when you are developing your report to the Commission on the mediation results.
The Southeast Power Grid model will be an evolutionary process following the end of the mediation.  Several issue areas are still likely to be the focus of significant debate and will require a collaborative process that the stakeholders will remain responsible for establishing.  Resolving these issues and more importantly, their associated details, will be critical to the enduring success of the eventual Southeast Power Grid.
The Commission's continued involvement is critical to the formation of a seamless power grid.  Additionally, regional market participants can benefit from first-hand FERC input on previous rulings from other regions.  This can help prevent any future Southeast Power Grid filings from attempting to establish rules, protocols, and plans that are contrary to Commission precedent.  Moreover it prevents disagreements between stakeholders on specific points from stalling the process, and potentially resulting in a deficient filing.  Potentially FERC will incur added costs of travel and staff time; however, filings that follow FERC's current thinking will more than offset these costs.
The Commission's presence in the process going forward will prevent any future delay by providing ongoing dialogue between regulators and market participants.  This will shortcut the time-consuming sequence of: (1) internal negotiations; (2) filing; (3) filing response and, hopefully, obviate the need for going through the sequence repeatedly.  FERC presence will also help prevent parties from becoming polarized in their views during negotiations without feeling a need to compromise. 
Future stakeholder meetings in the Southeast Power Grid process will work best by involving two FERC staff representatives and to avoid ex-parte concerns, EPSA recognizes that any meeting attended by Commission staff must be publicly noticed. These Commission staff representatives need to be knowledgeable of the Southeast process and can serve as back-ups to one another.  Consequently if a situation arises where one staffer cannot participate in a meeting, the alternate should be able to stand in as a proxy for the other Commission representative.
The mediation process will have its value increased if the Commission's staff representatives are empowered to correct procedural problems that emerge in the process as it moves forward.  For example, if the Commission's staff finds that meeting minutes do not reflect stakeholder decisions or consensus on a given issue or they are not being disseminated to process participants in a systematic manner, they can ensure that problems are rectified.  Making expedient changes as the subsequent process unfolds after the 45-day mediation period is over will confirm that the successes of the mediation continue and that parties continue to work collaboratively 
Staff involvement will give the Commission the ability to monitor the process during the post-mediation period.  If questions arise during post-mediation period, staff can supply on-the-spot answers or coordinate with senior staff to get answers to the parties quickly.  The efficiency of this established feedback channel ensures that negotiations between parties do not bog down and hinder the completion of the overall process over a single issue.  Moreover, the presence of Commission staff assists in maintaining a cooperative approach between the parties, as is evidenced in our mediation process.
Having Commission representatives in the field for the Southeast Power Grid process can prove valuable as a way for FERC to continue to engage state public utility commissions and remain responsive to their concerns as details about the Grid organization get refined.  The involvement of state commissions is integral to the success of more competitive wholesale markets in the Southeast.  A FERC presence going forward will allow federal and state regulators to confer on the benefits to consumers of successful competitive wholesale and, ultimately, retail power markets.  State regulators' comfort level could be increased if the process continues with an ongoing FERC presence 
Proposed Milestones and Deadlines
The following schedule still assumes some form of convergence between the existing structures.  EPSA continues to believe that a single Southeast RTO can be formed in a timely manner, that will provide certainty to the market, steadily reduce business risks for those who have and will invest in the Southeast, and provide consumers with the quickest path to a cost-effective market structure * all while maintaining the reliability of the existing system.
Sept.6, 2001	Begin post mediation process and resume RTO development
Sept. 30, 2001	Section 205 Filing consistent with mediation settlement reached
Oct.1, 2001	Start stakeholder input process: identification or Advisory Committee establishment
Nov.1, 2001- Dec. 31, 2001	Start and complete selection of Board, immediately followed by selection of Market/System Administrator
Dec. 15, 2001	Filing with Commission on completed consensus
(Order 2000 op. date)	documents and status report
Feb.1, 2002	File with Commission any outstanding organic documents
Mar.1, 2002	Market Monitor Selection process completed
Apr. 2002	Commission Response 
Mar.- Jun. 2002	Asset Transfers, Staff established
Jun. 2002	RTO becomes operational, with Day 1 market system
Dec. 15, 2002	Day 2 market system implemented
(Order 2000 Requirement)
We appreciate your taking the time to hear our suggestions.  We have great confidence in your command over these proceedings and that they will lead to a single competitive market for power in the Southeast.
Cool.  Sending messages in real-time.
Jim
Congrats team
Linda 
Pls print out for me. Thx.
Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") are exposed to market, credit, operational and liquidity/funding risks in the normal course of its business activities.  The Enron Corp. Board of Directors approved a new Risk Management Policy (the "Policy") on August 14, 2001.  This Policy establishes a framework under which the Company's exposure to risks shall be evaluated, managed and controlled, and pursuant to which capital will be allocated and preserved.  The Policy focuses on four major types of risk: (a) market risk; (b) credit risk; (c) operational risk and (d) liquidity/funding risk.  These risks shall be managed on a portfolio basis for standard transactions via various market risk limit structures and credit approval processes, and for non-standard transactions via the Transaction Approval Process and the Guarantee Approval Process.   This Policy provides an overview of various risk measurement tools and limits to be applied to these risks, and the roles and responsibilities for the key participants of the risk management framework. =20
Management and employees are responsible for complying with the risk management policies and procedures addressed in this Policy, available at    Following an initial transiton period, various individuals within the key functions participating in the Company's risk management framework will be required to sign a Compliance Certificate, an example of which is attached to the Policy as Appendix H.
If you have any questions, please contact Cassandra Schultz, cassandra.schultz@, 713-853-0429 who will put you in touch with the appropriate Risk Assessment & Control representative.  Note: this is a confidential policy, not for distribution to anyone outside of the Company without specific authorization from the Chief Risk Officer.
FYI.  California is playing games with the market again.
Jim
Since Congressman's Ose's been asking FERC alot of questons about what the ISO, DWR, etc. have been up to, perhaps he could write a "Dear FERC" letter saying "here's what I'm hearing, it sounds serious and you need to investigate, pronto, and get back to me ASAP with your conclusions."
Best,
Jeff
Everyone,
This is hot news showing that the CAISO/CDWR relationship is even more cozy than we thought.  I am not sure how to best use this information, but this scam needs to be brought to the public's and FERC's attention.
1.  According to two sources, the CAISO is helping to bail Gov. Davis out of his high-priced CDWR long-term power contracts by purchasing CDWR's excess energy as an "Out Of Market" purchase---instead of purchasing real-time energy from the CAISO's Supplemental Energy auction as required by the CAISO Tariff.  The costs of purchasing this high-cost power is being charged to Scheduling Coordinators who are largely unaware of the CAISO's surreptitious transactions.
2.  This sweetheart deal violates the CAISO Tariff, which requires the CAISO to buy energy from its Supplemental Energy (Real-Time) auction first.  CAISO Tariff, Dispatch Protocol section 8.6.2 (d).  Only after the CAISO has used up the Supplemental Energy  bids, can the CAISO buy Out Of Market ("OOM") energy.  If the CAISO were following the Tariff, CDWR's excess energy would be treated as an uninstructed deviation and CDWR would be paid the clearing price for Supplemental Energy---which is often as low as $0.00.  Therefore, under the Tariff the CAISO could have paid CDWR the same price paid to other SCs, but instead is buying it at a price agreeable to CDWR 
3.  By ignoring Supplemental Energy bids in favor of CDWR power, the CAISO is able to manipulate the price it pays for energy in the Supplemental Energy market.  Low CAISO demand for Supplemental Energy drives down prices.  The clearing price for Supplemental Energy has often been as low as $0.00.  Therefore, the CAISO gets to keep all excess energy on the grid for free.  If CDWR was not getting preferential treatment, its energy would be treated as excess energy, and it would get little or nothing for it.
4.  While there is no evidence that Gov. Davis has directed the CAISO to buy from CDWR first, this behavior clearly benefits Davis.  Absent the CAISO's purchases of CDWR's excess energy, CDWR would be forced to sell its energy at a huge loss in the open market (just like many other suppliers).  The media has been been making hay out of Davis's strategy of buying high and selling low.  Therefore, Davis and CDWR benefit by being able to offset some of their losses under the long-term contracts.  Of course, they are only able to offset their losses through a back-door deal with the CAISO.
5.  The costs of this expensive CDWR power are being passed through to unwitting Scheduling Coordinators who, frequently seeing 10-minute Ex Post prices of $0.00, expect that the cost of imbalance energy will be close to $0.00.  These SCs are in for a big surprise.  According to one source at Sierra Pacific, the CAISO charged him as much as $400/MWh for imbalance energy.  (Where is the price mitigation here?)
6.  Who benefits under this scam?  Davis and CDWR.  Who loses under this scam?  In-state generators who are currently obligated to sell to the CAISO; Scheduling Coordinators who overgenerate or that have negative imbalances; consumers who end up paying higher prices for energy.
7.  Sources:  Our client representative from the CAISO has confirmed this practice and "the Friday Burrito," an industry insider publication mentioned it also.
8.  Here is the quote from the Friday Burrito:
"There is another problem that is being introduced by the long-term contracts. The ISO is utilizing the DWR contracts as Out of Market (OOM) calls, thereby forcing the contract energy into the grid ahead of the supplemental energy bids in the balancing energy ex post (BEEP) market. As one of our faithful observers told me, "The ISO will be billing some DRW/CERS long-term contracts to SCs as OOM energy. This has been confirmed by the ISO. This means there is no real-time price transparency. We may see an hourly ex-post price of, say, $15, but this will bear no resemblance to the eventual Real-Time settlement price. There is no way to estimate what the OOM charge was as the ISO doesn't post that information. The implication is that parties buying real-time energy will wait 90 days before theyhave any idea of the price. This sort of price uncertainty is completely contrary to the FERC's goals of creating open, transparent markets 9.  Here is the e-mail from our CAISO representative:
Issue highlighted in blue lettering. This is being researched internally and
an ISO response on how these transactions are being handled should be
forthcoming, I would think. 
Keoni Almeida 
California Independent System Operator 
phone: 916/608-7053
pager:  916/814-7352 
alpha page:  9169812000.1151268@pagenet.net
e-mail 
Can you send me a copy of the 'Burrito' that we were discussing, or at
least outline in an e-mail the name of the person who has written about
CERS and what was published?   What is the official name of this
newsletter?  I have seen them in the past (Harvey Hall used to get it
and sent a couple to me), but I haven't seen it for a long time.
Also, to recap our telephone discussion:  the charges assessed to the
Market in Charge Type 487 are determined by CERS, and are being
collected by the ISO on behalf of CERS, to cover the cost of contracts
that CERS has signed for energy purchases? and 487 pricing/charges have
do direct relationship to the Inc and Dec prices charged or paid to
those who inadvertently over- or under-schedule?  Please clarify that I
have understood this correctly.
Thanks a lot for your assistance.
Caroline
10.  Here is an e-mail from the intrepid and vigilant Kit Blair, in Volume Management, who first brought this scam to my attention.
Steve,
Here is a summary of what we have learned regarding how the CAISO is handling 487.  Kent at Sierra Power inquired to me why he was being charged 487, (487 is the charge code the CAISO uses when it has to go out of market, and purchase power that exceeds $150.00/mwh, 481 is the charge code they use to credit it back), for the same hours and intervals that both the INC and DEC prices were zero.  This was obviously very peculiar and nobody in VM knew the answer. So Caroline posed the question to Keoni at the CAISO.  His response was this:  that the CAISO is charging 487 regardless of the INC and DEC prices, to cover the forward market contracts signed by CDWR and CERS.  In effect, they are ignoring their tariff that states they are supposed to purchase power at the lowest price, and are in effect trying to recover costs for CDWR and CERS 
-Kit
Sweetie 
Here is the address.
Scott Karro
200 West 26th Street
Apt. PHJ
New York, NY  10001
I love you.
Jim
Info on the SCE response.
Jim
fyi -- this just came across my screen.
Janet.Covington@sce.com on 08/24/2001 11:44:53 AM
Diann,
Your billing dispute has been reviewed and SCE has determined that all
charges were correctly calculated. New accounts were established as a
result of the change in direct access status and financial relationship and
all amounts are properly due and owing.
Please feel free to contact your Account Manager Matt Pagano should you
require assistance with regard to payment.  These bills are due and payable
and subject to further collection activity which may include Late Payment
Charges and/or reversion to dual billing if they remain unpaid.
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions regarding this
matter.
Janet L. Covington
Account Manager
ESP/AMS Services Division
SSID Administration Bldg., First Floor
7300 Fenwick Lane
Westminster, CA  92683
Phone: 714-895-0198 (54198)
Fax: 714-895-0347 (54347)
janet.covington@sce.com
"Diann
Janet, I think I've cleaned this thoroughly.  Let me know if you find
discrepancies.  Thanks.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
Janet,
With reference to the bills listed on the attached, pursuant to Rule 22 and
Rule
10A we are disputing that any charges are properly due and owing on these
accounts.  Each of these accounts has a credit balance.  We are therefore
withholding payment.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
- SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls 
- SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls 
I wanted to make sure that you had seen the language Jeff references that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit  in the earlier e-mail.  Call me with any questions.
Jim  
A new print of the bill is likely to be issued today.
With respect to DA, the Governor is apparently responsible for the temporary suspension of DA in the bill.
Assembly Ds and other market participants lobbied him hard, explaining that, since the bill covers all costs of bonds and DWR contracts through "exit fees," there is no reason to suspend DA. 
The Governor is resisting hard, stating that "he wants time for the market to stabilize."
So it looks like the Governor's plan is to 1) have a bill that provides for Direct Access as of 1.1.03 and 2) have the PUC "temporarily suspend" DA from September 1 to 1.1.03.
We're continuing to work with with business customers to eliminate, or significantly shorten, the suspension.
The bill apparently will also have amendments stating that any customer who has switched by August 23, 2001 (yesterday) will not be responsible for any DWR going forward contracts.  The customer will have to pay for any power consumed that DWR purchased on the IOUs' behalf between Jan 17 and the date of the switch.
The bill apparently will require that any customer switching between yesterday and Sept 1 be responsible for DWR going forward contracts (though details of how that would work were not clear).
The stated reason for wanting to insert an amendment on the August 23rd date is to prevent a "rush" to Direct Access between now and Sept 1.
There are currently NO efforts to break or othewise dissallow any contracts signed prior to Sept 1.
Finally, the bill apparently will also give self-generation priority over Direct Access in each "open season." The bill would set aside 250 MW of the short position each year for customers to do self gen.  If the self gen is not subscribed, the MWs would go to DA.
The bill, including these amendments and other amendments related to other issues, is supposed to be released today.
The bill will be heard in the Assembly committee on Monday afternoon.
We continue to work with the business customers to improve the DA and self gen provisions.
It remains unclear whether there is sufficient support for the bill to pass the Assembly The politicians are very reluctant to pass any "Edison bail out bill" and the political pressure not to vote on any "bailout" is significant and growing.  But the Governor is working the bill very hard.
Mirant is actively working against the bill Mirant is passing around a poll allegedly showing that any member that votes for a "bailout" could lose re-election.  Mirant is also distributing a letter implicitly threatening to take Edison into involuntary bankruptcy if the bill passes.
The bill also has to make it through the Senate.  Our lobbyist had a conversation yesterday with the Senate President, John Burton, who said flatly that "he's not doing anything."  But there is much to trade in the final weeks of the session, and the possibility of Burton doing a deal is 50-50.
With respect to the bill's provisions preventing Edison from paying wholesale providers with the "dedicated rate component" included,  Edison representatives at the hearing yesterday announced that Edison intends to issue first mortgage bonds to pay the suppliers.  Edison also said that, under the Assembly version of the bill, Edison believes that it would have the borrowing capacity to issue the first mortgage bonds.
More info to follow as it becomes available.  If anyone has any questions, don't hesitate to contact me.
Best,
Jeff
The following is a summary of the Direct Access provisions in the bill language released this afternoon reflecting the deal that Davis cut with Assembly.  Things are very fluid and these provisions could change significantly. 
I was just informed by the large business customers that they just met with the Davis' and Hertzberg's staff and the staff have agreed to amend the DA provisions to make them considerably more favorable for customers and suppliers.  They also said that favorable provisions with respect to self-gen would also be added to the bill. They said that these new amendments could come out as early as tonite or tomorrow morning and that the bill may be heard tomorrow.
Note:  In addition to the DA provisions, the bill also includes provisions that 1) explicitly recognize the PX Credit as part of Edison's undercollection, and 2) permit Edison to pay debts associated with the negative PX credit. (The bill does not authorize Edison to pay power suppliers, however, and leaves that portion of Edison's debt for Edison's management and shareholders to address.)
Summary of Direct Access provisions:
The program would begin January 1, 2003.
It's unclear what would happen to DA between now and January 1, 2003.  Presumably, the decision to suspend, or not, between now and then would stay with the California PUC.
90 days after the effective date of the bill, and every 6 months thereafter, DWR would provide information to the PUC showing the net short position.
Every 6 months, the PUC would hold an open season permitting customers to switch to DA.
20 KW-and-above customers would have 60 days to decide to switch once the PUC has announced the open season; under 20kw customers would have 180 days.
Customers who switch to DA would be responsible for paying 1) the customer's proportionate share of the utility's undercollection and 2) the customer's proportionate share of DWR's receivables (if any) for power previously delivered by DWR (but not yet fully paid for by customers).
In addition, if the number of customers who elect to choose to go DA in the open season exceeds the net short, then DA customers will have to pay their proportionate share of any DWR stranded contract costs.
If the number of DA customers does not exceed the net short position, then no stranded contract cost fees would be assessed.
Best,
Jeff
Jim 
I was wondering if you would like to meet with Alan Comnes and me to discuss your thoughts on market power mitigation on Thursday, Sept 13 at 7:30am in DC?
Let me know.  Alan and I are in DC for some other discussions.
Jim
Eric 
Please give me a call.  I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year.
Jim
Jim,
I'm responsible for Asset Development in Enron Transportation Services.  Joe Hartsoe advises that Gov't Affairs has a consulting agreement with Dick Ingersoll for certain regulatory support activities.  I'd like to retain Dick to support commercial activities currently underway and, with your consent, have him bill against the existing agreement with Gov't Affairs.  I would outline the tasks + deliverables for him to complete in call-off letters.  Dick would continue his practice of submitting monthly invoices to Bernadette Hawkins, who could liase with Susan Wadle, my assistant, to validate charges and cost centers.
I understand that Dick's consulting agreement expires in October.  I plan to renew with him going forward 
Please advise how you wish to proceed.
,
Eric Gadd
FYI
The below presentation has good data on TX transmission - planned transmission lines etc.
Stacey Bolton
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
713-853-9916 direct=20
713-303-2632 cell=20
sbolton@  =20
Attached is the Power Point preesentation I made to TREIA.  Sorry this took so long getting out.  Busy trying to support transmission construction.  Thanks Ken D.
=20
- ERCOT Transmission Treia.ppt
I agree with Bob that the reporting issues are important.  I also think that focusing on the "lessons learned" from the NE RTO and SE RTO mediation would be interesting.  Have people from different industry groups discussing their views of where the mediations concluded (assuming we are finished by October).  Any outstanding issues between EPSA members and between EPSA and other parts of the industry could be discussed.
Thanks,
Jim
I'll certainly give it more thought, but I think that a discussion of
reporting requirements would be timely.  The NOPR on power transaction and
contracts is out there, but has not got much attention yet due to the press
of California issues and the RTO negotiations.  Also, on October 1, entities
selling gas in California have to make their first monthly report to FERC on
purchases, sales, and transportation contracts.  Additionally, the DOE has
changed some of its annual reporting requirements.  In all cases,
confidentiality is an issue, and I believe that it is handled differently
for each of these reports.  A discussion of all these requirements from a
practical "how to" or "do's and don'ts" perspective might not be sexy, but
it would be useful to us preoccupied regulatory slugs 
Do either of you have any suggestions for topics to focus on at the
Regulatory Affairs Committee Meeting in October?  At the last meeting we
talked about market-based rate issues; the one before that, gas issues.  We
had thought of a "dialogue" with some senior FERC staff and a few of our
members about big picture issues, but haven't been able to organize it.  We
could try that again.  Or, what about interconnection issues or information
collection/disclosure, since those seem to be rocketing up FERC's priority
list.  Any suggestions?
No truth from what I know.
What about this rumor about a worldwide merge between Enron and El Paso?
LM
Gisela Schwalm
08/23/2001 08:43 AM
A couple of points 
1.	The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC".  Is this correct?  Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to (a) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and (b) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges?
2.	Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used.  I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges?  We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D.
3.	Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs.  The filing makes this case in the first paragraph.
Thanks,
Jim
Attached is a preliminary draft of a motion to the Bankruptcy Court for relief from stay in connection with the commencement of proceedings at the PUC.  Please favor us with your comments at your earliest convenience.
Also, when convenient, Carl would like to schedule a conference call to further define this motion and the next steps.
Sanford Kingsley
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1119
skingsle@llgm.com
Fine 
Dick and I have worked out exactly the hours for my group that he will work through mid-Oct.  Why not have Dick submit his charges for your group directly to your assistant?  Bernadette is in DC and having these charges running around the country may cause great confusion.  Finally, since I have not looked at his contract lately, I assume that in using this contract to move forward immediately we are not creating any other obligations with Dick?
Thanks,
Jim
Jim,
I intend to sign a new contract and become the primary point of contact.  This will probably take several weeks to complete.  I want to use the existing agreement to mobilise services immediately.
Eric 
Please give me a call.  I would probably recommend that you sign a new contract with Dick given that we did not intend to renew his option year.
Jim
Jim,
I'm responsible for Asset Development in Enron Transportation Services.  Joe Hartsoe advises that Gov't Affairs has a consulting agreement with Dick Ingersoll for certain regulatory support activities.  I'd like to retain Dick to support commercial activities currently underway and, with your consent, have him bill against the existing agreement with Gov't Affairs.  I would outline the tasks + deliverables for him to complete in call-off letters.  Dick would continue his practice of submitting monthly invoices to Bernadette Hawkins, who could liase with Susan Wadle, my assistant, to validate charges and cost centers.
I understand that Dick's consulting agreement expires in October.  I plan to renew with him going forward 
Please advise how you wish to proceed.
,
Eric Gadd
Way to go 
Jim
I have heard through EPSA the following "confirmations" to the NERC Stakeholder Committee.   These are the "customer" segments, of course, there are Utility, Muni, Coops, Canada, etc. members as well.  These names are uniffocial in that I have not seen an official notice/roster from the NERC office, but should be noticed shortly:
Marketer - Jose Bestard, Vice President, Government Affairs - Enron
Marketer - Craig Lsser, Senior Vice President, External and Regulatory Affairs - Mirant
(an unknown in the NERC arena, Mirant of course is the former SoCo unaffiliated marketer, I have seen Miranat 			members participate in EPSA working groups)
Generator - Steve Gililland, Senior Vice President of Asset Management - Duke-Energy NA
(a former NERC BOT member, Mike Gildea of Duke works closely with other EPSA members)
Generator - David McMillan, Director, System Optimization - Calpine
(a former NERC CPWG(pre-MIC) member, former MidWest ISO staffer, former HL&P employee)
As you know, the Stakeholder Committee is an advisory body to the Independent Board of Trusteess.  The scope of its activites include but is not limited to NERC Budget approval - which is growing from a 2001 amount of $12.3 million to a proposed 2002 $13 million.  These seats are for 2 year terms 
I was wondering if someone from our trading desk would take the lead?  Not necessarily someone from Govt Affairs.
Jim
This is a "kick-off" for more NERC work.  It is by no means the end - of course.
Although what somea out of it may not get stakeholder approval, it will at least have to stand the rigors of busget approval by the stakeholders. 
Are we sending anyone?
Jim
You are invited to participate in one of three workshops designed to
solicit input into training issues which will help NERC understand what
operating and marketing personnel feel they need in the way of training
programs and study materials.
Attached is the announcement and registration form. The announcement is
also posted at the following NERC web site:
Let me know if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Glenda Rodriguez
Please note there is still room available for all three workshops.
- Fall 2001 System Operator Workshop.doc   - Fall 2001 System Operator Workshop.pdf  
Are we ready?  I thought that we were still moving through the process.
Jim
TODAY 
Bob 
When should we file our complaint at the CPUC?
Jim
fyi -- this just came across my screen.
Janet.Covington@sce.com on 08/24/2001 11:44:53 AM
Diann,
Your billing dispute has been reviewed and SCE has determined that all
charges were correctly calculated. New accounts were established as a
result of the change in direct access status and financial relationship and
all amounts are properly due and owing.
Please feel free to contact your Account Manager Matt Pagano should you
require assistance with regard to payment.  These bills are due and payable
and subject to further collection activity which may include Late Payment
Charges and/or reversion to dual billing if they remain unpaid.
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions regarding this
matter.
Janet L. Covington
Account Manager
ESP/AMS Services Division
SSID Administration Bldg., First Floor
7300 Fenwick Lane
Westminster, CA  92683
Phone: 714-895-0198 (54198)
Fax: 714-895-0347 (54347)
janet.covington@sce.com
"Diann
Janet, I think I've cleaned this thoroughly.  Let me know if you find
discrepancies.  Thanks.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
Janet,
With reference to the bills listed on the attached, pursuant to Rule 22 and
Rule
10A we are disputing that any charges are properly due and owing on these
accounts.  Each of these accounts has a credit balance.  We are therefore
withholding payment.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
- SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls   - SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls  
Lisa -
I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3.
Jim
they are changing 1.
yes to 2.
3 i need help with.
A couple of points 
1.	The language in the relief indicates that we are trying to "determine the validity and amount of PX Credits owed to EES and EEMC".  Is this correct?  Isn't our primary goal in this complaint to (a) have the Utility return the net credit to our bills and (b) to allow for recoupment againts all non-generation related charges?
2.	Throughout the document the idea of "T&D charges" is used.  I assume that this is shorthand for all non-generation related charges?  We pay CTC and public purpose costs as well as T&D.
3.	Not sure if CPUC regulates the ESPs.  The filing makes this case in the first paragraph.
Thanks,
Jim
Attached is a preliminary draft of a motion to the Bankruptcy Court for relief from stay in connection with the commencement of proceedings at the PUC.  Please favor us with your comments at your earliest convenience.
Also, when convenient, Carl would like to schedule a conference call to further define this motion and the next steps.
Sanford Kingsley
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1119
skingsle@llgm.com
Alan 
Here is the original note for your update.
Jim
Please see the attached preliminary outline that contains milestones achieved so far and future activities in the California Refund proceeding.  With more time, we will flesh this out to provide additional detail.  Thanks,  Ray
Bob & Ray 
Can each of you please put together a short outline of the (a) timeline, (b) key decision points, and (c) potential outcomes of the decision points for the different refund cases?
If possible, having this before today's call would be helpful (but I realize that this may be difficult).
Jim
Lynne 
This appears fine.  Thanks.
Jim
I am projecting a total budget of about $5.4 million,  a $1 million increase over 2001.  The major increases are for salaries, consultants in the regulatory, public affairs and environmental areas, legislative advertising and a senior executive meeting in the Spring.  Assuming the budget is approved, I am planning to recommend raising the current cap on Board member dues of $150,000 to $175,00, a 17% increase.  Is that something you can live with?  Please let me know.
I also sent the same message to Rick, but I had your wrong address the first time.
Pat 
Please keep Jean Ryall and Thane Twiggs in the loop on these activities.  Specifically, they need to let the desk know before we take any formal actions 
Thanks,
Jim
fyi
fyi
I will get with Hamb and Patrick to strategize before we take any definitive action.  This may be an opportunity to negotiate access to systems that have been previously blocked.
We believe the interface between the AREP (Reliant and TXU Energy Services) and the utility may constitute a violation of the respective utility Code of Conduct.  However, my initial thought is to insist that we have the same access to the data that TXU and Reliant use for their statistics and product offerings.  I have contacted both the utility and the energy services company (only Reliant so far) to find out how our IT folks can obtain the same data.  As expected, Reliant has been less than willing to answer the question directly.  I have left voice mail with the Regulatory VP twice.  He gets one more chance.
Here are the sites.
Janet,
I placed a called into Pat in Reg. Affairs and he  is currently investigating this issue and the possible infractions to the Code of Conduct.  My experience in govt. affairs warrants full investigation..
Will keep you posted
Ed
Janet R Dietrich
08/24/2001 11:46 AM
I pulled up TXU Energy Services' website and did a little browsing. Do you think the retail energy services group is utilizing information re: customer accounts that the regulated utility has? i.e. consumption data, current pricing, etc? If so, isn't this illegal under the electricity Code of Conduct rules in Texas? If any end user in TU's territory could access that type of information through the retail website, I would think it would be a problem.
Any thoughts?
Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments?  Especially as it relates to keeping open the San Diego market.
=20
Jim
FYI.  We should discuss.
=20
Best,
Jeff
Yesterday, SDG&E filed a motion for adoption of an electric procurement cost recovery mechanism and for an order shortening time for parties to file comments on the mechanism.  The attached email from SDG&E contains the motion, an executive summary, and a detailed summary of  their proposals and recommendations governing procurement of the net short energy requirements for SDG&E's customers.  The utility requests a 15-day comment period, which means comments would have to be filed by September 10 (September 8 is a Saturday).  Reply comments would be filed 10 days later.
The filing provides the following discussion of direct access:
_____ =20
"Developing the net short requirements of consumers depends on the extent to which they might be served instead by third party providers. The level of direct access will affect these net short requirements. At present, there is substantial uncertainty concerning the future disposition of direct access and third party supply of retail customers that jeopardizes creation of an optimal plan. This uncertainty has the potential for increasing costs to San Diego retail customers as a result of unnecessary over- or under commitments. To resolve this uncertainty, the Commission needs to coordinate direct access with resource planning, at least on an interim basis. SDG&E discusses below how to provide for this coordination.=20
As the retail market matures, SDG&E expects that direct access elections will gain stability and will not be characterized by severe volatility. That stability will allow planners to make reasoned assumptions on direct access and rely on them in developing a procurement plan. However, today, direct access is subject to substantial uncertainty. Before the high prices of the summer of 2000, approximately 20% of SDG&E's retail load had elected direct access. By the beginning of 2001, direct access had reduced by nearly half. More recently, SDG&E has seen an increase in direct access, perhaps as a result of two factors: first, would direct access customers be able to avoid paying a share of CDWR contract costs, and second, would the state suspend direct access, as appears to be permitted under ABx-1 1. Furthermore, the legislature is considering legislation that would permit direct access, and other bills that would encourage municipal aggregation of load. The effect of this latter bill is similar to direct access, but it could cause large quantities of load to leave or return to the system quite abruptly.=20
These events illustrate the need for added coordination between direct access and resource planning. The necessary coordination could come by using an open enrollment period each planning cycle under which direct access elections take place. During that enrollment period, the utility is provided information on the amount of load electing direct access (or municipal aggregation) and the length of the direct access commitment. This open enrollment period would last for 90 days and commence 180 days before SDG&E is scheduled to submit its procurement plan. Customers over 20kW would make commitments to service by suppliers other than SDG&E of at least 5 years. Smaller customers would make minimum one year commitments. These commitments and the use of a specific enrollment period would provide SDG&E with the information it needs to plan to meet net short requirements and minimize the risk of over- or under-commitment.=20
In order to ensure an orderly process that protects consumers, change of service would not occur until the commission ruled on the procurement plan, and, to the extent that the commission determined that excessive direct access placed an unreasonable burden on utility customers, it could choose to limit direct access. Those electing to leave utility procurement would pay an exit fee to cover the costs of commitments made by CDWR and utility retained generation committed to those customers in order to protect remaining customers. As a result of this change, SDG&E would not plan to provide commodity service to departing customers. Customers returning from direct access prematurely would be subject to a re-entry fee and to spot energy pricing, again to protect those customers who did not elect to switch.
=20
Coordinating direct access with the planning process, at least for a near-term period, is important to ensuring a reasonable procurement plan."
_____ =20
The filing also briefly discusses competitive default supplier role:
_____ =20
"When the State embarked on industry restructuring, one purpose was to take advantage of the benefits that competitive markets can provide. Although California's experience with markets has not been as anticipated, it is still possible that a disciplined application of the market with adequate regulatory oversight can offer advantages to consumers. In fact, some states have undertaken to use the competitive market to meet customers' net short requirements. For example, in parts of Pennsylvania, the State decided to auction off a piece of the procurement obligation to the competitive market. California may decide that it wants to do the same type of thing. If a portion of the net short is auctioned off in this manner, from a planning standpoint, it should be treated the same as direct access: SDG&E will need adequate notice and information to facilitate its planning for any net short position remaining to be served, and the same use of exit fees and re-entry fees should also apply."
_____ =20
There are a number of issues here which I think WPTF may want to comment upon, as we have dealt with many of these issues in previous filings.  Please let me (and others) know if you agree.
=20
Dan
Law Offices of Daniel W. Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.  Suite 244
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Tel:   (818) 596-2201
Fax:  (818) 346-6502
douglass@energyattorney.com
_________________________________
Darleen Evans
Sempra Energy - Law Department
619-699-5056
devans@sempra.com  
See last bill.
Jim
The following energy bills will be heard today.
SBX2 78 (Polanco/Sher), SCE MOU, will be heard by the Assembly Energy, Costs
and Availability Committee upon adjournment of the Assembly Transportation
Committee (approximately 2:30 p.m.) in room 437.  Late Friday, Assemblyman
Hertzberg informed his caucus that the Assembly may take this measure up on
the floor as early as today.  Because floor session is currently scheduled
for 11:00 a.m. this would require the Assembly to reconvene late this
afternoon, however, this has not been scheduled and such an action would
likely interfere with several Assembly fundraising events this evening.
SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott), windfall profits tax, will be heard by the Assembly
Revenue and Taxation Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 126.
SB 532 (Sher), renewable portfolio standard, will be heard by the Assembly
Natural Resources Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 447.  This measure would
require DWR and/or the IOUs to purchase specified amounts of renewable
energy.
Jennifer 
Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis?
Thanks,
Jim
The following energy bills will be heard today.
SBX2 78 (Polanco/Sher), SCE MOU, will be heard by the Assembly Energy, Costs
and Availability Committee upon adjournment of the Assembly Transportation
Committee (approximately 2:30 p.m.) in room 437.  Late Friday, Assemblyman
Hertzberg informed his caucus that the Assembly may take this measure up on
the floor as early as today.  Because floor session is currently scheduled
for 11:00 a.m. this would require the Assembly to reconvene late this
afternoon, however, this has not been scheduled and such an action would
likely interfere with several Assembly fundraising events this evening.
SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott), windfall profits tax, will be heard by the Assembly
Revenue and Taxation Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 126.
SB 532 (Sher), renewable portfolio standard, will be heard by the Assembly
Natural Resources Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 447.  This measure would
require DWR and/or the IOUs to purchase specified amounts of renewable
energy.
Janel got something on this from PRI.  Not sure about how much media it got.
Jim
I pushed for this to come out by Monday or Tuesday last week.  Looks like theydid it. Did it get any play?  Karen, should I be pushing for more media attention by PRI?
To Funders of the PRI Study;
The following press release was sent out today at the request of Enron.
FYI
gba
A short analysis that indicates who would face the brunt of this bill (Enron?) and the mechanism ($/mwh or % of income)?
Jim
The most recent bill is at 
An Assembly Ctte. summary can be found at 
Let me know if you would like hard copies, or if you want my own analysis.
Jennifer
Jennifer 
Can you get a copy of the SBX2 1 and provide short synopsis?
Thanks,
Jim
The following energy bills will be heard today.
SBX2 78 (Polanco/Sher), SCE MOU, will be heard by the Assembly Energy, Costs
and Availability Committee upon adjournment of the Assembly Transportation
Committee (approximately 2:30 p.m.) in room 437.  Late Friday, Assemblyman
Hertzberg informed his caucus that the Assembly may take this measure up on
the floor as early as today.  Because floor session is currently scheduled
for 11:00 a.m. this would require the Assembly to reconvene late this
afternoon, however, this has not been scheduled and such an action would
likely interfere with several Assembly fundraising events this evening.
SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott), windfall profits tax, will be heard by the Assembly
Revenue and Taxation Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 126.
SB 532 (Sher), renewable portfolio standard, will be heard by the Assembly
Natural Resources Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 447.  This measure would
require DWR and/or the IOUs to purchase specified amounts of renewable
energy.
Donna & Becky 
Do you have any good points of reference on the history of natural gas restructuring?
Jim
Hi Jim- 
A lot of visitors that Jennifer and I tour are not familiar with Enron and even less familiar with our history and what started the gas commodity industry.  Given your expertise 
and knowledge of natural gas, I was hoping you would be able to recommend article(s)/book(s) and/or spend about 20 minutes with Jennifer and I to help us better understand the history of the natural gas industry, what problems and inefficiencies exited to bring on deregulating the industry and how gas became a commodity 
Your help would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you.
Carrie Rob?rt
Manager, Enron Corporate Marketing
713-853-3522
carrie.a.robert@
I've sent out some feelers on a good book.  I'll look around my desk etc.
Jim
Hi Jim- 
A lot of visitors that Jennifer and I tour are not familiar with Enron and even less familiar with our history and what started the gas commodity industry.  Given your expertise 
and knowledge of natural gas, I was hoping you would be able to recommend article(s)/book(s) and/or spend about 20 minutes with Jennifer and I to help us better understand the history of the natural gas industry, what problems and inefficiencies exited to bring on deregulating the industry and how gas became a commodity 
Your help would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you.
Carrie Rob?rt
Manager, Enron Corporate Marketing
713-853-3522
carrie.a.robert@
I didn't calendar (or at least I don't remeber).  When will this happen?
Jim
I see you have already calendared, so I have RSVP's for you to Loreyna Garcia this a.m.
Please arrange on my schedule.
Jim
Dear James:
Wattage Monitor has partnered with the  Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets to provide the DISCO of the Future  Executive Survey. We'd like your opinion! 
As part of the survey launch, we're asking  energy executives like you to complete the survey with us over the phone.  Not only do we want your responses to the questions but we're hoping to have  your feedback on the survey itself, too. You'll be assisting in the development  of policy recommendations for the DISCO of the Future.
Please email (jgotch@wmonitor.com Tuesday, August  28th (Pacific Standard Time 9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Wednesday,  August 29th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Thursday, August  30th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Tuesday,  September 4th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
The survey is approximately 20 questions and  is scheduled in 45 minute intervals to ensure we have time to review the  questions with you and allow for any discussion that might arise. We will cover  general topics like your existing business policies, activity and opinions  of the DISCO of the Future. 
If there is a time that fits your schedule  better, please contact me and I'd be happy to make additional appointments.  Please feel free to forward this email to  any additional people you believe would be interested in participating as  well.
Thank you for your help.
,
Jamey  Gotch
Jamey M. Gotch
Marketing  Manager
- Blank Bkgrd.gif  
Call Ozzie Pagan.
Jim
Hi Jim 
The Mayor's office wants someone from Enron to speak at the Rebuild America kick-off for approx. 10 to 15 min. on Enron's energy conservation efforts.  Can you recommend someone in Enron that works in this area, like fuel cell development.  The event is Oct 4th and the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and Dept of Energy, David Garman will be attending 
Thank you for help.
Carrie Rob?rt
Manager, Enron Corporate Marketing
713-853-3522
carrie.a.robert@
Lamar 
I have received the list of the clients from John McMullen.  The key push is Legislative and AReM PR is not involved.  We need the customers to call the Gov and key Legislators.
Jim
Jim,
My apologies for the delayed response, however, I was on vacation when you sent the original note.  I spoke to Sue Tuesday or Wednesday of last week and she was going to send me the contacts info at AReM's  PR office so that we could put the customer's in direct contact with that individual.  As you have seen I have requested contact information from Origination and Service Management, however, I would still like to have the PR contact's info in case we have a customer only willing to speak directly to AReM's PR 
Let me know if that is something you can provide 
Lamar 
It is critical that every customer in California that switched (signed new or renewal customer) during this year.  We need a contact person for each account.  The key to securing a better date is to have the customers push the Governor and the Legislature and the CPUC.
We are able to provide phone numbers and contacts through our trade groups.
Jim
Dave 
With EES' push into serving smaller customers, the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important.  When EES focused on national outsourcing, this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions 
This issue, of course, is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share.  We are also watching for these activities in places like MI, VA, and OH 
Jim
Janet R Dietrich
08/27/2001 02:15 PM
Just fyi  
Eric Letke
08/26/2001 07:35 PM
Sent by:	Eric Letke
I will get with Hamb and Patrick to strategize before we take any definitive action.  This may be an opportunity to negotiate access to systems that have been previously blocked.
We believe the interface between the AREP (Reliant and TXU Energy Services) and the utility may constitute a violation of the respective utility Code of Conduct.  However, my initial thought is to insist that we have the same access to the data that TXU and Reliant use for their statistics and product offerings.  I have contacted both the utility and the energy services company (only Reliant so far) to find out how our IT folks can obtain the same data.  As expected, Reliant has been less than willing to answer the question directly.  I have left voice mail with the Regulatory VP twice.  He gets one more chance.
Here are the sites.
Janet,
I placed a called into Pat in Reg. Affairs and he  is currently investigating this issue and the possible infractions to the Code of Conduct.  My experience in govt. affairs warrants full investigation..
Will keep you posted
Ed
Janet R Dietrich
08/24/2001 11:46 AM
I pulled up TXU Energy Services' website and did a little browsing. Do you think the retail energy services group is utilizing information re: customer accounts that the regulated utility has? i.e. consumption data, current pricing, etc? If so, isn't this illegal under the electricity Code of Conduct rules in Texas? If any end user in TU's territory could access that type of information through the retail website, I would think it would be a problem.
Any thoughts?
We need to let Jeff Richter and Tim Belden understand the implications of this for current book of business.
Jim
Jim:
I've taken a look at both the Sher bill (SB 532) and the 2nd version of SB 78.  The Sher bill has substitute language that is identical to SB 73 -- establishing an RPS for both new and existing sources.  I have several concerns (large percentage of new...1/2 of TX requirement in first year.... unclear REC program.....mandatory bilateral purchase of renewable power output scheduled into CA ISO or LADWP)  and am crunching numbers with Jenn to get an idea the likely impact ($s and mWh).  Will get the numbers and analysis by late morning.
Stacey
Stacey Bolton
Environmental Strategies
Enron Corp
713-853-9916 direct 
713-303-2632 cell 
sbolton@ 
See last bill.
Jim
The following energy bills will be heard today.
SBX2 78 (Polanco/Sher), SCE MOU, will be heard by the Assembly Energy, Costs
and Availability Committee upon adjournment of the Assembly Transportation
Committee (approximately 2:30 p.m.) in room 437.  Late Friday, Assemblyman
Hertzberg informed his caucus that the Assembly may take this measure up on
the floor as early as today.  Because floor session is currently scheduled
for 11:00 a.m. this would require the Assembly to reconvene late this
afternoon, however, this has not been scheduled and such an action would
likely interfere with several Assembly fundraising events this evening.
SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott), windfall profits tax, will be heard by the Assembly
Revenue and Taxation Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 126.
SB 532 (Sher), renewable portfolio standard, will be heard by the Assembly
Natural Resources Committee at 1:30 p.m. in room 447.  This measure would
require DWR and/or the IOUs to purchase specified amounts of renewable
energy.
Vicki 
Along with everything else, this bill continues to be discussed.  We don't think this is a high probability, but wanted you to be aware (and more importantly, this is California).  I'll keep you up to date.
Jim
SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott) Senator Soto offered extensive amendments to the bill
immediately prior to today's hearing.  Because the staff did not have time
to review the amendments the bill was held over until Thursday.  Some of the
amendments remove municipal utilities, self cogeneration and QFs from the
provisions of the bill.
Jason 
Dinner is at 5pm at the house.  We are catering from Eatzi's.  Casual dress is preferred.
See you then.
Jim
Jim, 
Thanks for the call.  I'll plan on coming by on Sunday, 9-2-01 @ 5pm.  Is it at the house?  BBQ? dinner dress?  I always want to look in top form for my buddy's birthday.....Jason
Jason Riley 
NOVOFORUM
10370 Richmond Ave #200
Houston , Texas  77042
832.201.3120 office 
See us at:    Novoforum (Latin for "New Markets") provides e-business infrastructure for manufacturing and energy companies.  Novoforum creates competitive advantage for its clients through cost-efficient solutions that enable supply chain integration and collaboration with their key customers, suppliers and service providers. 
Janine 
If we have draft tariff language, I'd push pretty hard.
Jim
On Friday, I participated in ICC Chairman Mathias' Roundtable on the state of competition in Illinois.  One of the questions he asked was what the ICC could do to improve competition in Illinois.  I commented that the ICC could commence an investigation on the balancing rules of the various utilities, having pointed out the problem's with ComEd's and the fact that the other utilities are even worse.  He expressed concern over ICC jurisdiction and opined that to the extent that it impacts retail transactions and adversely affects retail competition, the ICC is within its jurisdiction to order the utilities to file an amended OATT before FERC for FERC's approval.  I plan to follow-up with a letter to him and all the Commissioners and would like feedback as to how hard I should push on this.  Should the ICC look into balancing (to which I give a less than 50% probability) we would have to be prepared to participate.  I think it would be highly worth the effort, especially as far as Illinois Power is concerned, however, I would like some feedback as to your views in order to guage how hard to push this.
Thanks,
Janine
I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.
Jim
The California PUC
Loretta Lynch held a press conference in Sacramento today to discuss changes to the Commission's previously released proposal regarding Direct Access and the rate agreement between the PUC and DWR.
In the amended proposal discussed and distributed today, Direct Access would end retroactive to July 1.  Customers with contracts executed as of July 1 would would remain Direct Access customers.
The Legislature
The Assembly version of the Senate MOU (SB 78) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the Committee.
It is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6:30 PM PDT today.
Amendments on Direct Access were released this afternoon (based on negotiations between Davis' office and business customers):
Customers who have consistently been DA since May 2000, including those "involuntarily" returned to bundled service, would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts, and DWR-related exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have consistently been on DA between May 2000 and Jan 17, 2001 would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts and DWR-realted exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have been on DA between Jan 17, 2001 and August 24, 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to DWR forward contracts, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customer's leaving after August 24th would not qualify for exemptions.
There is considerable work underway to make the August 24th date the deadline for contract execution, rather than the date by which the customer must be DASR'd, in order to qualify for the exemptions.
Direct Access would not be suspended, however, until 90 days after the bill is signed by Davis (if he signs it), i.e., the "effective date" of the bill.
So anyone going to Direct Access between Aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions.
After the 90-day period, DA would be suspended until 1.1.03.
Self-gen in service consistently from May 200 to August 24 would be exempt from Edison's undercollection and DWR charges.
Self-gen that submitted an application to the Energy Commission by August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line.
Self-gen that comes on line after August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line, but the total number of exempt MWs in this category would be limited to 250 MWs per year, on a first-come-first-serve basis.
At least 30% of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen.
We need a model for the entire Midwest independent of the ability to change.
Jim
At this point we dont have draft language and we dont have a settlement with language that allows us to push the way we can in Ohio.  My thought was to push for an investigation and see within that context how far we could go.  At a minimum, if a hearing were to be granted, I think we could end up improving the balancing rules for IP, CILCO, etc.  Com Ed has the most favorable provisions and could end up being the model.  In my discussions with Jeff Merola and Rogers Herndon, they can work with this however it is not optimal.  They need to do a transaction in order to figure out where the bugs are.
Janine 
If we have draft tariff language, I'd push pretty hard.
Jim
On Friday, I participated in ICC Chairman Mathias' Roundtable on the state of competition in Illinois.  One of the questions he asked was what the ICC could do to improve competition in Illinois.  I commented that the ICC could commence an investigation on the balancing rules of the various utilities, having pointed out the problem's with ComEd's and the fact that the other utilities are even worse.  He expressed concern over ICC jurisdiction and opined that to the extent that it impacts retail transactions and adversely affects retail competition, the ICC is within its jurisdiction to order the utilities to file an amended OATT before FERC for FERC's approval.  I plan to follow-up with a letter to him and all the Commissioners and would like feedback as to how hard I should push on this.  Should the ICC look into balancing (to which I give a less than 50% probability) we would have to be prepared to participate.  I think it would be highly worth the effort, especially as far as Illinois Power is concerned, however, I would like some feedback as to your views in order to guage how hard to push this.
Thanks,
Janine
2pm works for me.
Jim
Sorry to keep switching times on you but how does everyone's calendar look tomorrow, wed., 1-4?  (i don't think we will need more than an hour).
FYI.  It would be helpful for you to be on this call.
Jim
Please plan to attend a critical meeting to discuss California Issues today:
Tuesday, 8/28
12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m.
EB 8C1
Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181
Passcode:  7816787
lunch will be provided.  I will followup this email with telephone calls to each Admin.
Thank you,
Sharon
The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at:
12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m.
EB 8C1
Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181
Passcode:  7816787
I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.
Jim
The California PUC
Loretta Lynch held a press conference in Sacramento today to discuss changes to the Commission's previously released proposal regarding Direct Access and the rate agreement between the PUC and DWR.
In the amended proposal discussed and distributed today, Direct Access would end retroactive to July 1.  Customers with contracts executed as of July 1 would would remain Direct Access customers.
The Legislature
The Assembly version of the Senate MOU (SB 78) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the Committee.
It is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6:30 PM PDT today.
Amendments on Direct Access were released this afternoon (based on negotiations between Davis' office and business customers):
Customers who have consistently been DA since May 2000, including those "involuntarily" returned to bundled service, would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts, and DWR-related exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have consistently been on DA between May 2000 and Jan 17, 2001 would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts and DWR-realted exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have been on DA between Jan 17, 2001 and August 24, 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to DWR forward contracts, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customer's leaving after August 24th would not qualify for exemptions.
There is considerable work underway to make the August 24th date the deadline for contract execution, rather than the date by which the customer must be DASR'd, in order to qualify for the exemptions.
Direct Access would not be suspended, however, until 90 days after the bill is signed by Davis (if he signs it), i.e., the "effective date" of the bill.
So anyone going to Direct Access between Aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions.
After the 90-day period, DA would be suspended until 1.1.03.
Self-gen in service consistently from May 200 to August 24 would be exempt from Edison's undercollection and DWR charges.
Self-gen that submitted an application to the Energy Commission by August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line.
Self-gen that comes on line after August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line, but the total number of exempt MWs in this category would be limited to 250 MWs per year, on a first-come-first-serve basis.
At least 30% of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen.
Here is another file.
pretty up-to-date, but not absolutely so.
With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.
I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.
While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going 
I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.
For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.
This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.
Thanks - I appreciate your help,
Jim
FYI
The meeting to discuss California issues today has been set at:
12:00 noon - 1:00 p.m.
EB 8C1
Dial-in #:  1-847-413-3181
Passcode:  7816787
I will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the California market.  If anyone has any specific questions before then, please call me at 713-853-7673.
Jim
The California PUC
Loretta Lynch held a press conference in Sacramento today to discuss changes to the Commission's previously released proposal regarding Direct Access and the rate agreement between the PUC and DWR.
In the amended proposal discussed and distributed today, Direct Access would end retroactive to July 1.  Customers with contracts executed as of July 1 would would remain Direct Access customers.
The Legislature
The Assembly version of the Senate MOU (SB 78) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the Committee.
It is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6:30 PM PDT today.
Amendments on Direct Access were released this afternoon (based on negotiations between Davis' office and business customers):
Customers who have consistently been DA since May 2000, including those "involuntarily" returned to bundled service, would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts, and DWR-related exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have consistently been on DA between May 2000 and Jan 17, 2001 would be exempt from charges for Edison's undercollection, DWR's forward contracts and DWR-realted exit fees, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customers who have been on DA between Jan 17, 2001 and August 24, 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to DWR forward contracts, provided that the PUC finds that no additional stranded costs are created for Edison's remaining customers.
Customer's leaving after August 24th would not qualify for exemptions.
There is considerable work underway to make the August 24th date the deadline for contract execution, rather than the date by which the customer must be DASR'd, in order to qualify for the exemptions.
Direct Access would not be suspended, however, until 90 days after the bill is signed by Davis (if he signs it), i.e., the "effective date" of the bill.
So anyone going to Direct Access between Aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions.
After the 90-day period, DA would be suspended until 1.1.03.
Self-gen in service consistently from May 200 to August 24 would be exempt from Edison's undercollection and DWR charges.
Self-gen that submitted an application to the Energy Commission by August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line.
Self-gen that comes on line after August 24 would be exempt from DWR charges beginning the date that the self-gen comes on line, but the total number of exempt MWs in this category would be limited to 250 MWs per year, on a first-come-first-serve basis.
At least 30% of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen.
FYI
TO:	NERC ROSTER
STANDARDS LISTSERVER GROUP
OPERATING MANUAL OWNERS
SYSTEM OPERATOR TRAINERS
The following documents were approved by the Operating Committee for
interim implementation July 12, 2001 through November 15, 2001, and are
posted in the NERC Operating Manual:
1.  Policy 5, "Emergency Operations," Sections B and C
2.  Appendix 1D, "Time Error Correction Procedures"
3.  Appendix 3A4, "Required Tag Data"
4.  Appendix 9C1, "Transmission Loading Relief Procedure," Version 2b
5.  "Interchange Transaction Reallocation During TLR Levels 3a and 5a
Reference Document" (Posted as an Appendix for public comment)
6.  "Transactions Using Firm Transmission Service during TLR 3b
Reference Document"  (Posted as an Appendix for public comment)
View or download the documents from the following NERC web site:
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.
Barbara S. Bogenrief
Secretary-Operations
FYI.  Please coordinate going forward with EPSA.
Jim
Last week, EPSA met with EIA to discuss a revised Alternate Electric Power Data Confidentiality Policy proposal.  The following are EIA's changes to the original Alternate Policy proposal circulated by EPSA on August 2.
The following items would be held  EIA - 423: cost of fuels (not previously collected by EIA)
Purchase price would also still be held confidential, as noted on the original Alternate Policy.  EIA-423 basically duplicates FERC Form 423.
EIA-906: fuel stocks (currently held confidential)
Stocks was originally "crossed out" on the Alternate Policy, but it is now back on the list of data items to be held confidential.
EIA-826: energy service provider data on sales, revenues and number of customers
Under the original Alternate Policy, regulated utilities and wires companies would have also been able to keep this same information confidential.  Now it will only be data submitted by ESPs that will be held confidential.  However, please note that EIA-861 collects this same data from ESPs and that data will be released on an annual basis.
EIA-767: Under the revised Alternate Policy, no data submitted on the 767 will be held confidential
This is a change from the original Alternate Policy.  The original Alternate Policy includes estimated useful thermal output, plant financial information, cooling system costs, etc. as data to be held confidential.  The data will now be released 12 months after year-end.
EIA-860: Maximum tested heat rate (currently confidential)
No change from original Alternate Policy.
EIA-861: No data submitted on the 861 will be held confidential
No change from original Alternate Policy.
EIA-411: No data submitted on the 411 will be held confidential.
No change from original Alternate Policy.
EIA-412: Generator plant costs and expense data only for unregulated plants (not previously collected by EIA)
No change from original Alternate Policy.
I've attached a copy of the original Alternate Policy in case you need it.
Please forward any comments on these changes to me no later than noon Eastern Time on Friday, August 31.
EIA anticipates a Federal Register Notice on or around September 7.  There will then be a 30-day comment period on the proposal submitted by EIA to OMB.  We will notify you when the Federal Register Notice is issued.
Mary Hutzler, Acting Administrator at EIA, has expressed an interest in meeting with EPSA and its members to further discuss these issues.  If there is an interest in EPSA arranging a meeting for members in Washington, D.C. during the next few weeks, please let me know as soon as possible.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks again for all of your help!
Samantha
Samantha M. Slater
Manager of State & Regional Affairs
Electric Power Supply Association
1401 New York Avenue, N.W.
11th Floor
Washington, D.C.  20005
Phone: 202-628-8200
Fax: 202-628-8260
E-mail: sslater@epsa.org
- Confidentiality.doc 
Here is the Proposed Decision.  Appreciate any thoughts you have on how to fight or when.
Jim
The pressure on the PUC is getting strong.  Could be a move by Davis' office to get folks to support the Assembly bill as a preferrable alternative to the July 1 date now included in the PUC draft.
Best,
Jeff
Attached is proposed deicison from ALJ Barnett suspending DA as of July
2001. Comments are due Sept. 4 by 10:00 a.m.
Attached is the revised draft decision of ALJ Barnett in A.98-07-003 et al.
This draft decision is on the Commission's September 6, 2001 agenda 
Comments are to be filed on September 4, 2001 by 5:00 pm.  However, an
electronic version must be served no later than 10:00 am on that date to
those persons who have electronic addresses 
Appendix A of the draft decision is the June 12, 2001 three page memo to
"Interested Parties--DWR Power Purchase Program" from the State Treasurer,
Dept. of Finance, and DWR.  That document in PDF format will be available
shortly at the Commission's website, along with the revised draft decision.
John S. Wong 
ALJ - CPUC 
Bob 
Pls send Alan the overviews you and Ray put together earlier - thanks.
Jim
As I talked with Jim yesterday, Belden would like a short overview of the refund proceedings:  schedule, key issues, etc.
If you can pass on whatever you have I can prepare such a memo.  Or let me know and I can call Fergus.
Thnks.
GAC
Bob 
Pls update me with all parties Ripple claims on this afternoon's call - Alan you should get on (4:30 Houston time).
Jim
I am attaching a memo I prepared - Steffes did a bulletized version that we'll forward.  Also, I send the schedule and summary/update of current status
As I talked with Jim yesterday, Belden would like a short overview of the refund proceedings:  schedule, key issues, etc.
If you can pass on whatever you have I can prepare such a memo.  Or let me know and I can call Fergus.
Thnks.
GAC
I want to do this today.
Jim
THE FOLLOWING CALL HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED FROM A DAILY CALL TO THREE DAYS PER WEEK, MONDAY, WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, AT 5:30 PM (EDT),
4:30 PM (CDT) AND 2:30 PM (PDT).  The dial-in number will remain the same:  1-888-296-1938, Host Code:  524906, Participant Code:  955164.
Please contact Bernadette at (202) 466-9147 if you have questions.
Thanx
At the request of Jim Steffes, we are canceling the above referenced call today @ 4:30 p.m. (CDT).  We will re-start with tomorrow's meeting and discuss filings, etc. at that time.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact either Jim Steffes or myself at (713) 853-6082.  Also, please notify me if I have missed anyone.
Thank you!
Angie -
I will be traveling and unable to attend.  Hope everyone has a great time.
Jim
Just a reminder that we are going to have a REAL Closing Party this Thursday to celebrate Enron's short lived (but profitable) existence as a Peaker Plant owner.  Anyone that had anything to do with the Peakers (cradle-to-grave) is invited.  As the original invitation highlighted, the celebration will be held at Farrago's (we have the whole back room), which is located several blocks southwest of Enron at the corner of Gray and Bagby.
The party will start 6:00 pm and go until 10:00 pm (or whenever everyone wants to leave). Attire is casual 
It should be a lot of fun and a great time for everyone to catch up.  If you haven't already RSVP, please do so to my assistant, Angie Collins (33347)
Se you all Thursday night.
Directions to Farrago:
Take Smith to Bagby make a right
Go 2 blocks, Farrago will be on your left at Bagby/Gray
Parking:  Valet (free)
scary.
Jessie Jackson has added former Chicago democratic congressman Mel Reynolds to the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition's payroll. Reynolds was among the 176 criminals excused in President Clinton's last-minute forgiveness spree. Reynolds received a commutation of his six-and-a-half-year federal sentence for 15 convictions of wire fraud, bank fraud & lies to the Federal Election Commission. He is more notorious; however, for concurrently serving five years for sleeping with an underage campaign volunteer. 
- 
This is a first in American politics: An ex-congressman who had sex with a subordinate and won clemency from a president who had sex with a subordinate, then was hired by a clergyman who had sex with a subordinate. His new job? Youth counselor. 
God Bless America. 
Sue 
What were the figures for the two months prior? 
Jim
These are utility figures as of the end of July 2001.  Only 3% load is DA
Here is the CPUC Report on DASRs submitted in July.  It appears this is what
we are fighting.
Rebecca
Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?
Jim
FYI.
Stephanie and I met with Jeff Dasovich in San Fransisco on Friday.  Jeff understands that he can play an important/strategic role in assisting ENA West Gas in understanding the regulated issues for Gas... There is no doubt that ENA has spent most of our resources in power ( and for good reason) however we need to re focus energy on gas related structures. 
To facilitate this effort, Jeff has offered to focus some more of his time and effort on coordinating some of the key commercial issues related to California.  Jane and Stephanie need to create a priority list that represents West Gas issues and "Hot Button" or action items. Once created we can work with Jeff on action items.  In addition to this immediate need, Jeff will join our conference call's/meetings ( or attend where possible).  The next session I have on my calendar is Thurs Sept 5 @ 2:30 
I trust this initiative will further enhance an already effective procedure. If there are any questions, let me know.
Barry Tycholiz  
I don't understand why you were denied access.  Did we improperly file?  Call me.
Joan,
Per Judy knepshield, you have been denied access to the requested AP role.  Please be advised that we are closing remedy ticket 562317.
Thank you,
ISC SAP Security
Denied A/P Access for processing.
Judy Knepshield
Joan Stransky is requesting access to the below role(s) and its pending your approval.  Please email your response to SAP Security.  If you have any questions, please contact her/his supervisor.
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
1. Add FN AP Invoice Processing-CORP
User's Current Access:
Std End-User profile for basis and prntg
HR Local Time Keeper - CORP HR
HR EMployee ESS CATS Enterprise HR
FN FI Consolidated Viewer-CORP
Thank you,
ISC SAP Security (Eva)
The following request information was recently submitted 
REQUESTOR INFORMATION:
Business Unit:                CORP
Cost Center:                  103246
Company Code:                 001
Business Unit for Roles:      CORP
Other Business Units:
SAP ID:                       p00500449
GENERAL INFORMATION:
Supervisor:                   James Steffes
Supervisor Telephone Number:  853 7673
Employee Name (Last,First,M): Stransky, Joan. F.
Employee Location:            EB4736B
Employee Telephone Number:    853-7431
Employee Email Address:       joan.stransky@
Job Title:                    Admin Asst
SAP User Type:                Enron Employee
Business Reason    I have been asked to support Becky Cantrell and Melinda
Pharms in timekeeping and invoice coding.
VIEWER ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING ROLES:
1. Add FN AP Invoice Processing
PROJECT SYSTEM ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
JOINT VENTURE ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
MATERIALS MANAGEMENT / PURCHASING ROLES:
No roles in this area were selected.
CENTRALIZED ROLES (LIMITED TO SPECIFIC PERSONNEL):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES (HR PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES - TIMEKEEPERS:
1. Add  HR Local Timekeeper
HUMAN RESOURCES - BENEFITS (BENEFITS PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
HUMAN RESOURCES - PAYROLL (PAYROLL PERSONNEL ONLY):
No roles in this area were selected.
Amr & Janel 
Please add these people to your lists.
Jim
Jim,
I know that your group is following the RTO - ISO issues in Washington and wanted to know if we could be added to your distribution list on these updates?  Also, if there is anything we could help you with on this issue we would happy to do so.  We are also looking at FERC and their short list for the 5th appointee.  As you know, it is still very preliminary, but as soon as we get more information we will pass it on.  Hope all is going well and let me know if there is anything else we can do.
Thanks,
Kristin
x39510
Richard, etal 
Attached is the complaint that EES intends to file tomorrow against SCE related to the recoupment of our Negative CTC.  As you aware, after returning our customers to DA recently, our billing department was expecting that the past Negative CTCs would be returned to our customer's accounts - this has not happened nor after conversations with SCE will it occur 
This complaint is the next step in the process of attempting to recoup these funds.  Primarily EES does not want to pay for Utility charges for our customers while an outstanding Negative CTC balance is due.
One key risk with filing this Complaint is that SCE may consolidate this case with the earlier Complaint that is currently on hold.  Probably not too big of a downside.
We will be paying the bills into the CPUC for holding until the resolution of the Complaint.
Any questions or issues please let me know.
Jim
- X27336.DOC 
I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob.
Jim
Can you guys handle this in my absence
Dan:
(cc Richard Sanders and Gary Fergus)
I have a document by someone named Marty Howard, who I believe may be
associated with Portland General. The document was sent to me by Richard
Tabors. According to the email Howard used to work for McCullough.
After a very brief read through, I think it tries to show that the
statistical link between prices in CA and the PNW was WEAK in peak hours. I
suppose they are trying to show that the "contagion" effect from California
show not be an issue? I have some problems from an initial read with the
econometric analysis, but I have not yet reviewed it fully.
However, it also leaves open the very possibility that was discussed earlier
on the call. If there is a refund, and it is based on some notion of "PNW
prices", it could be a very large one. I think we need to consider this
issue quite carefully.
Seabron
This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly
prohibited.
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at
(617) 354-0060 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any
e-mail and any printout thereof.
Seabron Adamson
Frontier Economics Inc
Two Brattle Square
Cambridge, MA 02138 USA
Ph:  (617) 354-0060
Fax: (617) 354-0640
seabron.adamson@frontier-economics.com
www.frontier-economics.com
David 
I will cover for meeting and let you know if anything happens.
Jim
Jim,  nice to finally meet you today.  I will not make the 5 Sept meeting as I will be at a customer in South Carolina.  Are you able to attend?  Thanks, David
Please save the date!
Recruiting season is almost here and the Analyst/Associate Program has been working hard to make this the best year ever.
We would like to invite all executive leads to a kick-off meeting on September 5th from 2:00 P.M. to 5:0 P.M. at the Doubletree Granger B.  The event will be only for the Executive Leads and the Analyst/Associate recruiting staff 
If you plan to attend, please RSVP to Dolores Muzzy at ext. 36245 or by e-mail to Dolores.Muzzy@  
We look forward to seeing you all there.
I plan on attending.
Jim Steffes
Please save the date!
Recruiting season is almost here and the Analyst/Associate Program has been working hard to make this the best year ever.
We would like to invite all executive leads to a kick-off meeting on September 5th from 2:00 P.M. to 5:0 P.M. at the Doubletree Granger B.  The event will be only for the Executive Leads and the Analyst/Associate recruiting staff 
If you plan to attend, please RSVP to Dolores Muzzy at ext. 36245 or by e-mail to Dolores.Muzzy@  
We look forward to seeing you all there.
Sarah 
Two issues that we should work on -- First Energy discusses CBM (not sure of their position) and MAPSA deals with ICAP.  My recollection is that ICAP will not be addressed at this time?  Seems to me that we should  try and propose some resolution or at a minimum a separate proceeding to mediate this issue before 1/1/03?  What do you think?  On CBM, now is the time for FERC to get rid of this discriminatory practice.
Jim
Attached is my summary of the requests for rehearing of FERC's July 12, 2001 orders in the Northeastern RTO proceedings.  If you would like any further information, please let me know.
Susan Lindberg
713.853.0596
This is the list of the parties opposing the NERTO and their arguments 
Jim
Attached is my summary of the requests for rehearing of FERC's July 12, 2001 orders in the Northeastern RTO proceedings.  If you would like any further information, please let me know.
Susan Lindberg
713.853.0596
My only addition would be to strengthen the answer to #5 - RTOs, even if formed, do not explicity resolve the question of the Native Load Exception.  I think that this is critical to highlight if this issued is raised.
=20
Jim
Please see Lou's email below.  It's rather lengthy, and we will be working with him to help him prepare for oral argument, but to the extent any of you have the time or inclination to read his questions and add your thoughts, your comments would certainly be welcome.
=20
Thanks
=20
Sarah
See comments below
Please think about the following:
=20
In a 20-minute Supreme Court argument [the limit will be strictly observed], one needs to be ready to answer questions of all sorts, but one cannot count on being able to make more than 2-3 points, and each of them needs to be clear from the first sentence; points that require development don't work.  In light of that:
=20
1.    Should I plan to spend any minutes on the "New York" side of the case, i.e., arguing that *all transmissions over the grids are in interstate commerce and FERC has jurisdiction whether the ensuing sale is wholesale or retail*?  On the one hand, the "NY issue" is more important to Enron than the "Enron issue"; on the other hand, my sense is that we are way ahead on the NY issue after the briefs, and the SG will likely do a good job on it in argument.  My sense is that I should be prepared, if necessary, to utter something like the starred portion of the first sentence of this paragraph, and to defend it against any questions, but should not otherwise plan to get into these issues.=20
We should probably also have a canned sentence ready to address NY's wacky preemption argument, which the one that it relied on most heavily in its opening brief.
=20
2.    I think my most important tasks are to make clear that (i) this case is about FERC's power to require nondiscriminatory access to the interstate grids (and not about rates or state regulation of retail sales) and (ii) it is important to the nation that FERC have such power.  I need to make these points quickly and vividly, in a way that the Justices will carry away.  That is going to be hard, because theoretical abstractions are not vivid, examples take too long to develop and provoke quarrels about details, and metaphors are generally too inexact.  Please consider whether I am right about the two points being most important, and think about how to make them.
I think these points are the most important, along with making the Court comfortable with the idea that if they adopted our position they would not be turning upside down a federal/state regulatory division that's been in place for 60 years. =20
=20
3.    Although in a formal sense our case turns on the Chevron issue (plain language, no ambiguity, hence no room for discretion), my instinct (but I am not at all sure about this) is that I should not plan to devote time to these matters.  First, they are covered well in the briefs.  Second, whether one sees "ambiguity" does not really depend on staring at the language but on understanding what "transmission in interstate commerce" necessarily covers in the present age.  In other words, the way to win the Chevron point is to win the points in the previous paragraph.  Hence I ought to prepare to get the word "unambiguous" in there somewhere in the middle of a sentence, and defend it if necessary, but not do more.  Does this seem right?=20
I think it's worth giving a little more attention since this is the key issue below and, ultimately, the issue on which the Court must rest its decision.  We don't want to lose the trees for the forest.  That said, since we've dealt with it at length in the briefs, I don't know that we need much more than a reminder of the issue and the arguments:  FERC asserts that section 201(b) does not unambiguously determine whether transmission bundled with retail sale is a transmission or a "sale of electric energy at wholesale".  It concluded that such transmission is a sale.  The D.C. Circuit erroneously held that FERC's interpretation was permissible.  But transmission doesn't stop being transmission merely because it is sold together with generation:  it is both transmission and a necessary component (query whether "component" is the best word to use) of a retail sale.  Therefore, under the clear language of section 201(b), jurisdiction over all transmissions, including transmissions bundled with retail sales, is vested in FERC.
=20
On the related point of NY's position that the wholesale/retail bright line applies to transmission:  in particular light of NY's interpretive gymnastics in its reply (re: 201(a), at p.6), isn't a good one-liner simply that if Congress intended to limit FERC's transmission jurisdiction to transmissions for wholesale, then s. 201(b) would read "The provisions of this subchapter shall apply to the sale of electric energy at wholesale and all associated transmissions" (or something to that effect)?
=20
Note:  this issue opens the door to discussion of, among other things, whether the exclusive purpose of section 201(b) was to fill the Attleboro gap; and questions about the structure of the FPA, e.g., the relationship between 201(b) and 211/212, 206(d), etc.
=20
4.   What do I do in argument with LP&L?  I find the NGA parallel very compelling, and IF the Court decides to go with us it will have no problem citing and following that case.  On the other hand, the argument does not seem to have persuaded anybody but our team (not CADC for example).  On balance, I am inclined to say "The Court has already decided this issue under the parallel provision of the NGA" and use some time to press that point.  One reason for doing so is that in general it will be much EASIER for the Court just to affirm FERC and CADC than to push thru the complexities and agree with us, but LP&L gives them both a precedent for overruling FERC on its own jurisdiction and a comparatively easy way thru the case.=20
Agreed.  =20
=20
5.  I need to understand why FERC's powers and plans to create regional transmission organizations do not fully solve the problem.  I need to get a detailed understanding of the facts, and a one-sentence answer to why there is still a problem.    =20
The primary answer in our reply is that Order 2000 does not require RTOs, it only encourages their voluntarily formation; and that there's no indication that monopolists will give up their market power unless compelled.  (p. 19)
=20
6.  Most important:  What other points (in addition to 2 and 4) does anyone think I need to be sure to make?  Even more important, what points made by NY, SG, EEI, California are most likely to trouble the Court and provoke questions?  Which of them should I plan to answer even if I get no question?
We might also need to address whether our position runs against 60 years of history:  Didn't the states regulate all aspects of bundled retail sales until Order 888?  Does our position mean that FERC historically abdicated its responsibility and the states were regulating without authority?  What is the effect of section 201(a) if not to allow states to continue to regulate the matters that they regulated in 1935?  This may be an issue to broach only if the Court indicates interest, though, since I think it's the toughest one for us to answer.
=20
We might also reconsider our position that unbundling is merely an accounting issue.  It seems to me that reversing the position we took in our initial brief will basically hedge our bets:  it makes our affirmative argument a little harder (since we can't simply say that it's crazy to base FERC's jurisdiction on an accounting technique), but it also makes NY's argument harder, since they can't simply say that but for a change in the accounting for electric service the states would still be regulating interstate transmissions for retail sale.  This would also dovetail with some of the other briefs that made a strong argument that unbundling is a major change in electric service necessary to support competition among generators, and something over which the states have never exercised jurisdiction.
=20
Thanks to all for thinking about this.
sounds good.
We're testing the first edition of the conversion of the Project Tracking database in it's evolution from Notes to Oracle.  I'd like to meet with the two of you to make sure we're still interested in the current structure and purpose.  If we want to make changes/enhancements to the system, it's most efficient to do it now while we're still in development.  By copy of this message, I'm requesting that Gus coordinate with Ginger and Linda to schedule some time for us to review the system during the first or second week of September.
Thanks!
Harry 
I think that this makes alot of sense.  I like working through AReM on this as much as possible. =20
=20
When is the next deadline?
=20
Jim
Summary first, comments second.
=20
Short read of SDGE proposal:
Plan establishes procurement and recovery strategy for SDGE as standard offer provider post Jan 1, 2003.  Procurement plan would be submitted annually for PUC approval with ongoing discussions to allow modifications to plan as needed.=20
Supply side of plan comes from URG (SONGS, QFs, PGE and other bilateral contracts - about 1/4 of total requirement), state resources (DWR and CPA), and market purchases (short and long term, fixed and variable, peaking) in that order.  -     SDGE takes no responsibility for administering state-owned resources.  Takes only what is needed and not obligated to take anyting more.  Long term products procured through RFPs.=20
-    Most details of portfolio kept confidential, except load forecast and RFP process.=20
Demand side of plan is load forecast, net of DA load.=20
-     DA load is identified through 90 day open enrollment period that starts 180 days before procurement plan is submitted.  Over 20 kW customers commit to 5 year departure.  Smaller customers commit to 1 year departure. =20
-    Departing customers pay exit fee for DWR and URG costs.  Premature returns pay re-entry fee and spot pricing.
-    Departures not official until PUC rules on the procurement plan.=20
Cost recovery through a PCAM (Procurement Cost Adjustment Mechanism).  Two components - energy (including ancillary services), and a balancing account adjustment component.
-    each component is adjusted monthly.=20
Other policy gems thrown out for discussion:
-    State must maintain strong procurement role; e.g. administer DWR contracts, consider combining generating assets under State portfolio management
-    PA-style auction of standard offer, with departing customers treated the same as DA.
Direction of comments (through AReM would seem fine):
Departure should not be limited to open enrollment periods.  During open enrollment, certain amount of load, at least amount that would be supplied by market purchases, should be designated as fee-less.  During other times, departure is permitted with appropriate exit fee.=20
Appropriate exit fee must be based on truly unavoidable costs and have not already been recovered through AB 1890 CTCs.=20
Re-entry fee should only be required if returning customer wants PCAM.  Otherwise, customer gets spot price and there is no fee.=20
5-yr and 1-yr commitment periods mean nothing and should be eliminated.  Returning customers get spot price or buy their way into PCAM.=20
Pricing data used for PCAM should not be confidential.  Customers should know their risk exposure when buying PCAM - what's the portfolio, term of contracts, pricing volatility, etc.  Otherwise customer is kept in dark, not knowing pay they are paying for.=20
Long term solution is auction or similar disposition of customers to market.  Solution is not for state to take over power plant management.
Sue - let's you and I talk first.  Is AReM going to comment?
=20
=20
=20
Harry -- Can you please review and provide input on comments?  Especially as it relates to keeping open the San Diego market.
=20
Jim
FYI.  We should discuss.
=20
Best,
Jeff
Yesterday, SDG&E filed a motion for adoption of an electric procurement cost recovery mechanism and for an order shortening time for parties to file comments on the mechanism.  The attached email from SDG&E contains the motion, an executive summary, and a detailed summary of  their proposals and recommendations governing procurement of the net short energy requirements for SDG&E's customers.  The utility requests a 15-day comment period, which means comments would have to be filed by September 10 (September 8 is a Saturday).  Reply comments would be filed 10 days later.
The filing provides the following discussion of direct access:
_____ =20
"Developing the net short requirements of consumers depends on the extent to which they might be served instead by third party providers. The level of direct access will affect these net short requirements. At present, there is substantial uncertainty concerning the future disposition of direct access and third party supply of retail customers that jeopardizes creation of an optimal plan. This uncertainty has the potential for increasing costs to San Diego retail customers as a result of unnecessary over- or under commitments. To resolve this uncertainty, the Commission needs to coordinate direct access with resource planning, at least on an interim basis. SDG&E discusses below how to provide for this coordination.=20
As the retail market matures, SDG&E expects that direct access elections will gain stability and will not be characterized by severe volatility. That stability will allow planners to make reasoned assumptions on direct access and rely on them in developing a procurement plan. However, today, direct access is subject to substantial uncertainty. Before the high prices of the summer of 2000, approximately 20% of SDG&E's retail load had elected direct access. By the beginning of 2001, direct access had reduced by nearly half. More recently, SDG&E has seen an increase in direct access, perhaps as a result of two factors: first, would direct access customers be able to avoid paying a share of CDWR contract costs, and second, would the state suspend direct access, as appears to be permitted under ABx-1 1. Furthermore, the legislature is considering legislation that would permit direct access, and other bills that would encourage municipal aggregation of load. The effect of this latter bill is similar to direct access, but it could cause large quantities of load to leave or return to the system quite abruptly.=20
These events illustrate the need for added coordination between direct access and resource planning. The necessary coordination could come by using an open enrollment period each planning cycle under which direct access elections take place. During that enrollment period, the utility is provided information on the amount of load electing direct access (or municipal aggregation) and the length of the direct access commitment. This open enrollment period would last for 90 days and commence 180 days before SDG&E is scheduled to submit its procurement plan. Customers over 20kW would make commitments to service by suppliers other than SDG&E of at least 5 years. Smaller customers would make minimum one year commitments. These commitments and the use of a specific enrollment period would provide SDG&E with the information it needs to plan to meet net short requirements and minimize the risk of over- or under-commitment.=20
In order to ensure an orderly process that protects consumers, change of service would not occur until the commission ruled on the procurement plan, and, to the extent that the commission determined that excessive direct access placed an unreasonable burden on utility customers, it could choose to limit direct access. Those electing to leave utility procurement would pay an exit fee to cover the costs of commitments made by CDWR and utility retained generation committed to those customers in order to protect remaining customers. As a result of this change, SDG&E would not plan to provide commodity service to departing customers. Customers returning from direct access prematurely would be subject to a re-entry fee and to spot energy pricing, again to protect those customers who did not elect to switch.
=20
Coordinating direct access with the planning process, at least for a near-term period, is important to ensuring a reasonable procurement plan."
_____ =20
The filing also briefly discusses competitive default supplier role:
_____ =20
"When the State embarked on industry restructuring, one purpose was to take advantage of the benefits that competitive markets can provide. Although California's experience with markets has not been as anticipated, it is still possible that a disciplined application of the market with adequate regulatory oversight can offer advantages to consumers. In fact, some states have undertaken to use the competitive market to meet customers' net short requirements. For example, in parts of Pennsylvania, the State decided to auction off a piece of the procurement obligation to the competitive market. California may decide that it wants to do the same type of thing. If a portion of the net short is auctioned off in this manner, from a planning standpoint, it should be treated the same as direct access: SDG&E will need adequate notice and information to facilitate its planning for any net short position remaining to be served, and the same use of exit fees and re-entry fees should also apply."
_____ =20
There are a number of issues here which I think WPTF may want to comment upon, as we have dealt with many of these issues in previous filings.  Please let me (and others) know if you agree.
=20
Dan
Law Offices of Daniel W. Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.  Suite 244
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Tel:   (818) 596-2201
Fax:  (818) 346-6502
douglass@energyattorney.com
_________________________________
Darleen Evans
Sempra Energy - Law Department
619-699-5056
devans@sempra.com  
Please arrange on my schedule.
Jim
Dear James:
Wattage Monitor has partnered with the  Center for the Advancement of Energy Markets to provide the DISCO of the Future  Executive Survey. We'd like your opinion! 
As part of the survey launch, we're asking  energy executives like you to complete the survey with us over the phone.  Not only do we want your responses to the questions but we're hoping to have  your feedback on the survey itself, too. You'll be assisting in the development  of policy recommendations for the DISCO of the Future.
Please email (jgotch@wmonitor.com ) or call  (415-387-8841) me to schedule a time to participate in the survey. The  following appointments are available:
Tuesday, August  28th (Pacific Standard Time 9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Wednesday,  August 29th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Thursday, August  30th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
Tuesday,  September 4th:
9:00 - 9:45am
10:00 - 10:45am
11:00 - 11:45am
1:00 - 1:45pm
2:00 - 2:45pm
The survey is approximately 20 questions and  is scheduled in 45 minute intervals to ensure we have time to review the  questions with you and allow for any discussion that might arise. We will cover  general topics like your existing business policies, activity and opinions  of the DISCO of the Future. 
If there is a time that fits your schedule  better, please contact me and I'd be happy to make additional appointments.  Please feel free to forward this email to  any additional people you believe would be interested in participating as  well.
Thank you for your help.
,
Jamey  Gotch
Jamey M. Gotch
Marketing  Manager
- Blank Bkgrd.gif 
John -
I think that Sue is still on vacation.  Jeff may be able to help.
Jim
Sue 
Just checking to see if there is any new word from IEP on the draft Feinstein legislation you had sent earlier.  I have quietly alerted others in town -- such as EPSA and INGAA.  NGSA -- the group that represents the natural gas producers -- is aware and sending comments to her this week.  We have heard conflicting reports about whether she still intends to pursue the legislation -- at least on a stand alone basis -- and how much of a priority should will place on it in relation to other energy issues.  I intend to call her energy staffer next week to sit down before the Senate Energy Committee resumes votes in September.  Any news on this issue would be helpful.  Thanks in advance.
Sorry.  I've been swamped trying to save direct access for the ingrates in CA.  I'll get it right out to you by fax.
Sue 
Jim forwarded your e-mail on the Feinstein legislation (draft).  While she has talked about her interests conceptually in various hearings and meetings, we have not yet seen draft legislative language or more details.  If you have draft language or more details (which it sounded like from your e-mail), please forward and we can discuss.  Thanks for your assistance.
John
John -
Can you please get with Sue?
thx
I assume you're all over this, Linda.
On the off chance that you haven't seen it.  Feinstein is asking IEP for comments on her draft legislation that would increase regulation of natural gas, define what just and reasonable rates would be and increase refund power on the electric side.  I think we would have some concerns with her proposal.  If you want to pass along our comments to IEP, just get them to me.
Bob 
When should we file our complaint at the CPUC?
Jim
fyi -- this just came across my screen.
Janet.Covington@sce.com on 08/24/2001 11:44:53 AM
Diann,
Your billing dispute has been reviewed and SCE has determined that all
charges were correctly calculated. New accounts were established as a
result of the change in direct access status and financial relationship and
all amounts are properly due and owing.
Please feel free to contact your Account Manager Matt Pagano should you
require assistance with regard to payment.  These bills are due and payable
and subject to further collection activity which may include Late Payment
Charges and/or reversion to dual billing if they remain unpaid.
Please feel free to call me if you have any questions regarding this
matter.
Janet L. Covington
Account Manager
ESP/AMS Services Division
SSID Administration Bldg., First Floor
7300 Fenwick Lane
Westminster, CA  92683
Phone: 714-895-0198 (54198)
Fax: 714-895-0347 (54347)
janet.covington@sce.com
"Diann
Janet, I think I've cleaned this thoroughly.  Let me know if you find
discrepancies.  Thanks.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
Janet,
With reference to the bills listed on the attached, pursuant to Rule 22 and
Rule
10A we are disputing that any charges are properly due and owing on these
accounts.  Each of these accounts has a credit balance.  We are therefore
withholding payment.
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
(See attached file: SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls)
- SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls 
- SCE_DA_Bills_081701.xls 
I wanted IR and PR to be aware that within the next few days  the PG&E Bankruptcy team will file with the Judge Enron's current claim.  We intend to ask the Judge to Lift the Stay so that we can file at the CPUC a complaint to recoup our current receivable.  I'm not sure what our public statements have been and as soon as we prepare the filing, I'll let you know.
If anyone has any questions, please give me a call.
Thanks,
Jim
Jamie 
Thank you for keeping me in the loop on your activities.  While I am always supportive of more public statements pushing competition, neither I nor Enron can sign on to the letter 
First, I am concerned that having Enron sign on will distract from your messages.  Enron is a "hot button" in DC and will change the proper focus.
In addition, I would argue that the recommendation for a national commission is out of place with the current timing of FERC and Congressional action -- which is imminent -- while a commission would delay action on the Hill and at FERC, thus supporting the forces against competition.  Let's not study this too much - we know what to do.  Move away from the commission.
Also, I'm not sure how providing federal grant money only to states that promote competition supports our efforts.  Making GA pay for PA is a distraction from the main fights at FERC and on the Hill.
Finally, I would guess that more funds to FERC and other agencies will only be used to increase enforcement against those in the industry.  While Enron wants markets that work well, the core problem is that we haven't deregulated enough - not that markets aren't working. 
Also, I don't know where the recommendation numbers from the Bush/Cheney plan came from -- I think it was an earlier document -- there are no such numbers in the final printed version of the report that I have.
If you want to talk, please let me know.
Thanks,
Jim
Are we sending anyone?
Jim
You are invited to participate in one of three workshops designed to
solicit input into training issues which will help NERC understand what
operating and marketing personnel feel they need in the way of training
programs and study materials.
Attached is the announcement and registration form. The announcement is
also posted at the following NERC web site:
Let me know if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Glenda Rodriguez
Please note there is still room available for all three workshops.
- Fall 2001 System Operator Workshop.doc 
- Fall 2001 System Operator Workshop.pdf 
Amr 
I'd like this as well.
Jim
Sounds very good.
Rick:
I would like to suggest that "Risk Analytics" to provide you with an assessment of the "New Risk Management Policy" by the end of the coming week (August 31st).=20
I hope that this is fine with you.
Brgrds
AI
Enron Corp. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") are exposed to market, credit, operational and liquidity/funding risks in the normal course of its business activities.  The Enron Corp. Board of Directors approved a new Risk Management Policy (the "Policy") on August 14, 2001.  This Policy establishes a framework under which the Company's exposure to risks shall be evaluated, managed and controlled, and pursuant to which capital will be allocated and preserved.  The Policy focuses on four major types of risk: (a) market risk; (b) credit risk; (c) operational risk and (d) liquidity/funding risk.  These risks shall be managed on a portfolio basis for standard transactions via various market risk limit structures and credit approval processes, and for non-standard transactions via the Transaction Approval Process and the Guarantee Approval Process.   This Policy provides an overview of various risk measurement tools and limits to be applied to these risks, and the roles and responsibilities for the key participants of the risk management framework. =20
Management and employees are responsible for complying with the risk management policies and procedures addressed in this Policy, available at <   Following an initial transiton period, various individuals within the key functions participating in the Company's risk management framework will be required to sign a Compliance Certificate, an example of which is attached to the Policy as Appendix H.
If you have any questions, please contact Cassandra Schultz, cassandra.schultz@  
With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.
I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.
While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going 
I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.
For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.
This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.
Thanks - I appreciate your help,
Jim
I am not sure if we have a claim to "PX Credits".  Our claim is to the negative residual of Bundled less the PX Credit = Negative CTC.
Jim
I enclosed blacklined versions of the riders for the proofs of claim for EES, EEMC and EPMI.  I also enclose the riders for the ECC and ENA claims, which have not changed from the versions circulated last night.
Please let me know your comments as soon as possible.
Ben Young
Bennett G. Young
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1167
byoung@llgm.com
Ray 
FYI.  Some information on how we are talking about the claims in the Bankrupcty case.
Jim
I enclosed blacklined versions of the riders for the proofs of claim for EES, EEMC and EPMI.  I also enclose the riders for the ECC and ENA claims, which have not changed from the versions circulated last night.
Please let me know your comments as soon as possible.
Ben Young
Bennett G. Young
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 400
San Francisco, California 94111
(415) 951-1167
byoung@llgm.com
- ridertoE.DOC 
- ridertoE.DOC 
- ridertoE.DOC 
- ridertoE.DOC 
Include on the report.
Jim
Jim - This is the SDS deal we pulled of with NUI worth approx. $200,000.  By way of background, EES had lost the original bid in spring 2001.  They contacted me in July to see what, if any, information was available as to why we lost the bid.  Most of the info is not public and hence was n/a. EES had won the bid last year and NUI kept our info confidential as well.  With a minimal amount of time and through my relationship with Maloney, NUI agreed to an Off Tariff deal with us giving us our original terms and conditions.  They also agreed to eliminate the SDS volumetric limitations for future bids.  SM
Steve 
The NUI/EES Letter of Agreement for the "SDS" storage service has been signed by both Enron and NUI.  September gas is scheduled for delivery to NUI.  This service will ensure that certain customer types will receive firm gas all winter.  Kenneth Maloney, of Cullen and Dykman, was helpful and responded quickly to my submitted draft comments, as well as returning a signed copy via fax 
Your opinions, suggestions, and direct involvement with NUI on my behalf have proven invaluable in the resolution of this matter.  I want to thank you (perhaps personally on your next Houston trip) for your efforts.  I also want to share this email with others here on the gas desk that may have been unaware of your participation.
Again, many thanks.
Sincerely,
Paul Tate 
It's on my calendar.  Unless I need to be in California, I'll go to DC.
Jim
Hi Jim, 
Just wanted to let you know that Intellibridge will be meeting with Linda and team in DC on Sept 6 at 2pm. Several of the Intellibridge analysts will be attending and we would love to have you. Hope you can make it! 
Thanks, MSA
Janel 
This paper has two great maps that highlight the Utilities' model for RTOs and the FERC's current proposal.  Would be great to build this into some DC and other political coverage.
Jim
The August issue of Short Circuits looks at the transmission grid and the largest investor owned utility holding companies.
=20
Rita Hartfield
Phone:  713-853-5854
Fax:  713-646-4702
Cell:  713-504-5428
Rita.Hartfield@
Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn?
Jim
Sarah Novosel asked me to re-send this document.
Here is the file.  While there are some quotes, remember that the analytics were never taken to the final decimal.  We were mainly trying to make a political point.
Jim
Jean 
What is Doug going to say?  Do we have the right messages?  What about the retail issues in Texas?  Have we considered these?
Jim
Doug wants to come to Austin and meet with legislators and regulators. I am setting up meetings for him next week  
The purpose of the Wednesday 9/5 meeting that I requested is to get input from everyone involved with issues in Texas prior to the legislative hearing on Friday, 9/7.  There are numerous issues and we need coordination among the group. 
Christi, I will ask Bevin to find a date for a meeting with Doug, Mike, EES traders, EES/ENA attorneys and the regulatory group working on Texas issues for early September as you suggested.  Meanwhile, are the rest of you available at any time on Wednesday 9/5 and can you get your list of issues (requested in the earlier email) prepared and sent to me by late Tuesday?   Thanks, Jean  
I cannot meet on Wed. 9/5 because I have to write the marketer response to the SE RTO (due by COB and I have to incorporate all marketer comments).  Also, Doug Gilbert Smith is not available on Wed afternoons.  Let's plan for  the next week if possible.  Thanks and please get input from Doug for the pre-hearing meeting.
It would be great if we could meet on Wednesday, Sept. 5th  
On Friday, Sept. 7th the electric restructuring oversight committee is holding an interim legislative hearing regarding ERCOT/market issues.  Invited testimony only; invited to testify are ERCOT and the Chairman of the PUC.  On Thursday, we are having a pre-hearing meeting with Rep. Wolens and Senator Sibley to brief them on the issues we would like addressed at the hearing on Friday  
First, could everyone please forward a list of the issues that you are working on in Texas?  Second, are there any specific issues or questions you would like to have legislators ask of ERCOT or PUC Chairman?  Could I have both of these lists by Tuesday.  If I can get this information from you, the briefing of legislators will be more meaningful which will make the hearing more meaningful  
Please let me know if you can meet on Wednesday.  Thanks, Jean  
Doug Gilbert-Smith talked with me today about some issues in ERCOT.  I think it would be beneficial to have a 1/2 day or so meeting in Houston with all of our Texas team, bringing in Doug and the EES traders and EES/ENA attorneys after we have chatted first.  If ok with all of you, I'll have my assistant set it up early Sept.
Vicki & Evan 
Please see the e-mail trail below.  The PAPUC has assessed EES $147,000 for its costs.  We intend to protest.  Do you have any idea of who this bill would go to?
Jim
I will talk with Kevin on Tuesday (we have traded phone calls) and get this done.  I may need some help in identifying who in EES might have the assessment and fax it to Kevin.  I will keep you informed.
Tom/Steve -- Janet Moore (the ENA attorney) is on vacation, so cannot handle.  I do not know if Enron has received the assessment, but in an abundance of caution, this objection probably needs to be filed on Tues. 9/4 (per Kevin Moody).  Please call me if one of you knows about this and can take care of it, otherwise I'll get it done on Tues.
Jim --do you know who at EES may have gotten this.  MAIN THING IS THAT THE VERIFICATION NEEDS TO BE DONE--CURRENTLY IN TOM HOATSON'S NAME.  (Also, may need an RCR)
Thanks.  Christi wk 713-853-7007   home 713-853-7007
Christie, below is the message I sent to Tom. Attached are the objections. I'll call you Tuesday morning to see where things stand on this.
____________________________________
Tom, the PaPUC has recently assessed gas marketers for the regulatory expenses for the PUC, the OCA and the OSBA. Enron Energy Services' assessment for all three is $147,277.
Unless you tell us to the contrary, we assume that you want us to file objections to the assessments. Attached are objections that we have prepared. Can you please fax us a copy of the assessment notice Enron received? We believe the assesments may have been received around 8/19-8/21.
Objections must be filed within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the assessment notice.  The 15-day objection period begins on the date the certified mail return receipt is signed.  If the 15th day falls on a weekend or a legal holiday, the last date for filing is extended to the next business day.
The statutes require the assessments to be paid within 30 days of receipt, even though objections are filed.  The payments must be made "under protest" in order to be refunded under the statutory procedure, which we believe is inadequate.
We are attempting to avoid the payment obligation thru a preliminary injunction request in Commonwealth Court, but we have no assurance that the court will act before the 30th day for payment.  If not, the assessment must be paid under protest.  If necessary, we will provide a cover letter for the protest payment to the PUC.
Please call me if you have any questions or comments. Thanks.
Kevin J. Moody, Esq.
Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP
212 Locust Street, Suite 300
Harrisburg, PA  17101
(717) 237-7187
(717) 237-7161 (fax)
This electronic message contains information from the law firm of Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen LLP that may be privileged and confidential.  The information is intended to be for the use of the addressee only.  If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure, copy, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.
Tom 
There does appear to be some intelligence gathering going on at the CPUC.  You should speak with legal about the inquiry.  Clearly the CPUC has a right to ask anything they want - it is my understanding is that our customers have a confidentiality clause in their contract that prohibits them from responding.
Jim
Jim, et al,
Interesting e-mail from UC.  Apparently the PUC is implying to UC that DASRs
submitted after July 1 need to be associated with a contract executed prior
to July 1.  Is this consistent with our intell?  Can they make these
inquiries?  Please advise.
Tom
Linda 
Can you please get a copy of the report below "Spending Wisely on Private Hubs" for me?  If it costs $$, I don't want it.  Thanks.
Jim
Due to email problems last week, this message is being re-sent.  If this is a duplicate, please disregard.
eSource now offers free 
Broker Research and First Call Notes from Intelligence Data.  Analyst Reports  on Enron, the energy industry, competitors, broadband, and telecom are continually updated and available here. 
Obtain password and view reports  at and 
eSource is pleased to offer a valuable report issued by Forrester Research entitled 
"Spending Wisely on Private Hubs Issued July, 2001 
Valued at $2,000, the report is available for free viewing and download until September 12, 2001 by all Enron employees and business units.
This report details ways to determine private hub strategy based on the six key drivers of hub payoffs. 
Download report at 
Visit eSource's Hot Topics page often for more reports, services, announcements and news.
Jennifer -
Please make sure that Vicki gets regular updates of both bills.  Thanks.
Jim
Jim:
It looks like the second "windfall tax" bill (ABX2 1 - Corbett) may be heard as early as tomorrow (see Scott's message below).  Among other things, this bill:
- Creates a Tax on Excess Gross Receipts from Electrical Energy Distribution and imposes the tax on the person making the first sale of electrical power in CA for consumption.
-Establishes a three-tiered tax system.  The measure of the tax is the amount by which the gross receipts from the sale exceed the amount that would have been received if the sale had been made at a specified price (base price) - the "excess gross receipts" (ESRs  
-Sets the initial base price at $60/MWhr
*Have you been in touch with Vicki Sharp regarding this bill (in addition to the other windfall tax bill we summarized for her - SBX2 1)?  I can send her a summary of the Corbett bill, if you would like.
Jennifer
Jennifer,
Unfortunately.  It is ABX2 2 however and I would expect the bill to  be heard as early as tomorrow.
Scott
Sent: Wednesday, September 05,  2001 11:46 AM
Thanks.  I just saw the revised ABX2 1 (Corbett) windfall tax  bill.  According to the Web, it was revised and is on its way to a 3rd  reading.  Is it correct that it has been changed to require a simple  majority and thus may be passed more quickly 
I will pass on your response to our commercial folks 
Thanks, Jennifer
Sent: Tue 9/4/2001  12:21 PM 
Cc: 
Jennifer,
To the best of my knowledge, Enron has  not produced a document outlining the
implications of the windfall profits  tax bills. The opposition letter which
Enron provided me, dealt solely with  the constitutional issues.  What has
been conveyed to me unofficially, is  that several of the companies will
likely sue if one or both become  law.  With respect to 2, supposedly Corbett
is reviewing potential amendments to  make hers a simply majority vote bill
in order to move it.
I will look at the revised matrix  shortly.
Scott
Sent: Tuesday, September 04, 2001 9:50  AM
Cc: Steffes, James D.
Scott:
I have updated the attached matrix that: 1) reflects  legislative
developments I read about in today and  Friday's trade mags; 2)
highlights the bills that seem of  particular importance to Enron.
Please review and let me know your input.  Again, the goal is  to
identify the key bills and review them  regularly during the Tuesday and
Thursday CA calls.
Also, are you aware of whether we have analyzed the  implications
of and differences between the two  windfall profits tax bills (ABX 2 2 -
Corbett and SBX2 1)?    Our retail folks are very
interested in the tax issue, and I have  been asked to provide them with
updates and information.
Thanks,
Jennifer
.
- winmail.dat  
Christi 
Fine work. Looks like we are moving forward in the SE 
A couple of discussion points.    I am still not so much in love the LMP as this paper makes it seem you are (I don't believe there is a perfect solution).  Also, the document is not consistent relating to Control Area consolidation.  For instance, the issue around CA or RTO with tagging makes no sense if there is only one CA - the RTO.  This is important to highlight to the ALJ.  The easiest way to solve the problem is to do away with the archaic systems of the old world.  Also, I still don't fully understand why we are happy that the SAC gets to pick the IMA.  I personally despise the concept of a SAC - never has worked when times get tough.  Also, no real discussion (or maybe I missed) of timing to implement - next phase?
Anyway, great work in the mediation.  Keep pushing these guys from the South 
Thanks,
Jim
CONFIDENTIAL TO THE SE RTO MEDIATION
Attached is the Marketer Sector response (largely written by Enron) to the current proposals.  The judge's report to FERC will be filed publicly on Monday.  Enron will have the opportunity to file an Enron-only response to her report.
Thanks for everyone's input for the response!
Jeff 
See below.  Does this fit into Mary's responsibilities?  Let me know.
Jim
FYI.  Can Mary Schoen help us out on this stuff.  We need to first evaluate the rulemaking against our interests, then determine whether IEP can handle it for us 
A number of things are falling through the cracks --Dave Parquet's siting concerns is one of them.  I have had NO time to work on this stuff-- any suggestions? ANother one is EES's need to file data with the CEC -- I just realized I was waiting for something from EES months ago and never followed up. I'm sure there is more. 
Recently, the CEC initiated a Rulemaking on siting.  The purpose is to
review and rewrite the Commisison's Rules related to siting of new
generation.  As the Siting Committee has failed to convince the full
Commission of how best to proceed, the Commission is scheduling a Business
Meeting on Sept . 12 to discuss this matter and, presumedly, provide the
Commission direction.
Attached is a staff report laying out the issues.
IEP is monitoring this matter through its Regulatory Committee.  Presently,
staff plans to attend the meeting.  Comments on the staff report prior to
the Business meeting on the 12th,  as well as comments on other matters
related to the Commission's Rules regarding siting, would be advantageous.
IEP is interested in hearing from company's willing to fund a stronger
intervention (i.e. the development of comments, etc.) than mere presence at
the Business meeting.  Please contact Steven Kelly ASAP if your company is
interested in IEP developing comments on this matter.
Thought you should see this.
Jim
The Commission issued a draft decision yesterday (September 4) on DWR's
revenue requirement.  While the Commission had been scheduled to vote on the
revenue requirement at tomorrow's (September 6) meeting, the vote has been
postponed to allow for comments on the PD.  Comments are due on September
11th.  Cmmr. Lynch stated at her press conference held today that it  was
her intent to vote on the PD no later than the next regularly scheduled
Commission meeting on September 20th, and perhaps earlier if a continuation
meeting can be scheduled.
The PD approves the entirety of DWR's requested revenue requirement of $12.6
less the costs of certain demand side management programs which are not
included as "authorized costs" under AB1X.  The PD does not follow DWR's
approach of a pro rata allocation of the revenue requirement among the three
UDCs.  Rather the PD follows a "cost of service" approach.  The PD allocates
DWR's energy procurement costs on a geographic basis, depending on whether
the energy is delivered over facilities in northern California or Southern
California (Transmission Path 15 is the line of demarcation).  Energy
sources procured north of Path 15 are allocated to PG&E customers and those
procured south of Path 15 are allocated to SCE and SDG&E customers.  The
result of such allocation is to have 54% of DWR costs allocated to PG&E, 33%
to SCE and 13% to SDG&E.  Each of the UDCs are then allocated the same
percentage of bond proceeds.  In revenue requirement terms this means that
for the period of January 17, 2001 through December 31, 2002, PG&E is
allocated $6.53 billion; SCE is allocated $4.01 billion and SDG&E is
allocated $1.53 billion.
Along with the revenue requirement allocation, the PD adopts a DWR charge
for each UDC.  The UDCs are directed to begin dispersing payment to DWR
based on the relevant DWR charge for each kWh sold by DWR to the UDC's
customer.  For PG&E this charge is 13.99 cents/ kWh; for SCE the charge is
10.03 cents/kWh; and for SDG&E the charge is 9.02 cents/kWh.  The PD also
notes that given the fact that PG&E's DWR charge is  !3.99 cents it may need
to remit to DWR an additional 4  cents for each kWh that was provided to its
customers by DWR since June 1 until this order becomes effective.
As for the necessity of raising PG&E and SCE rates to account for the DWR
revenue requirement, the PD states that such a determination cannot be made
until a decision on the revenue requirement for the UDCs' retained
generation is issued.  That proposed  decision is due out later this month.
If you have any questions or would like a copy of the order, please contact
me.
Jeanne Bennett 
Should we talk about the implications for the PX Credit given this PD?  I am guessing that this would significantly alter the calculation for PG&E - moving DWR from $60 to $140 
Do we want to file comments on how this should than resolve the PX Credit process?
Jim
The Commission issued a draft decision yesterday (September 4) on DWR's
revenue requirement.  While the Commission had been scheduled to vote on the
revenue requirement at tomorrow's (September 6) meeting, the vote has been
postponed to allow for comments on the PD.  Comments are due on September
11th.  Cmmr. Lynch stated at her press conference held today that it  was
her intent to vote on the PD no later than the next regularly scheduled
Commission meeting on September 20th, and perhaps earlier if a continuation
meeting can be scheduled.
The PD approves the entirety of DWR's requested revenue requirement of $12.6
less the costs of certain demand side management programs which are not
included as "authorized costs" under AB1X.  The PD does not follow DWR's
approach of a pro rata allocation of the revenue requirement among the three
UDCs.  Rather the PD follows a "cost of service" approach.  The PD allocates
DWR's energy procurement costs on a geographic basis, depending on whether
the energy is delivered over facilities in northern California or Southern
California (Transmission Path 15 is the line of demarcation).  Energy
sources procured north of Path 15 are allocated to PG&E customers and those
procured south of Path 15 are allocated to SCE and SDG&E customers.  The
result of such allocation is to have 54% of DWR costs allocated to PG&E, 33%
to SCE and 13% to SDG&E.  Each of the UDCs are then allocated the same
percentage of bond proceeds.  In revenue requirement terms this means that
for the period of January 17, 2001 through December 31, 2002, PG&E is
allocated $6.53 billion; SCE is allocated $4.01 billion and SDG&E is
allocated $1.53 billion.
Along with the revenue requirement allocation, the PD adopts a DWR charge
for each UDC.  The UDCs are directed to begin dispersing payment to DWR
based on the relevant DWR charge for each kWh sold by DWR to the UDC's
customer.  For PG&E this charge is 13.99 cents/ kWh; for SCE the charge is
10.03 cents/kWh; and for SDG&E the charge is 9.02 cents/kWh.  The PD also
notes that given the fact that PG&E's DWR charge is  !3.99 cents it may need
to remit to DWR an additional 4  cents for each kWh that was provided to its
customers by DWR since June 1 until this order becomes effective.
As for the necessity of raising PG&E and SCE rates to account for the DWR
revenue requirement, the PD states that such a determination cannot be made
until a decision on the revenue requirement for the UDCs' retained
generation is issued.  That proposed  decision is due out later this month.
If you have any questions or would like a copy of the order, please contact
me.
Jeanne Bennett 
I wanted to re-confirm that you are covering?
Thanks,
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Power Marketers Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
DATE: September 5, 2001
RE: EPSA Comments on Public Utility Filing Requirements
NOPR
?Conference Call on Friday, September 7th, 2:30 p.m.
EDT
In preparation for our call on FERC's NOPR on Revised Public Utility Filing Requirements, below is an agenda of issues for discussion.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563 and ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA call.
1. What is currently filed?
?Aggregated data
?Delayed disclosure
?Current data requirements vs. current data filed
2. What does the NOPR expect to be filed?
?All transaction data          ?Short-term, spot transactions
?Longer-term bilateral transactions
3. Balancing information availability vs. protecting
confidentiality
?Aggregation
?Delay of data release
?Confidential treatment of data
?Amount of sensitive information-size of portfolio
?Comparison of gas reporting requirements-commodity prices vs.
transportation services
4. Harmonizing filing requirements
?EIA
?NERC
?FERC
?ISOs
Please set up a meeting on Monday with Becky.
Thanks
Jim, please see me about this issue.  As you can see, Leslie and I have been working extensively with Stephanie Miller for the last few weeks as she is trying to find a way to get rid of our 200,000 MMBtu/day of Block 2 capacity on El Paso.  In fact, I provided Stephanie an analysis of the regulatory history as far back as last March, even before we signed up for the capacity.  You will probably be getting some questions about it from Barry or maybe even Lavarato before too long since getting rid of this asset is very high on their priority list.  I wanted you to be up to speed on our input so far.
The CPUC was heavily involved in the settlement and their interest is making sure that northern CA has access to the SJ supplies.  Their concern is not the same as PG&E's.  And to the extent anything is agreed to, reopening the settlement is an enormous can of worms, and I don't think we want to go there.  We would have to be able to structure a side deal to where PG&E and SoCal are in agreement that the recall rights they got in the settlement can be waived.
Steph - Leslie and I were just talking about this, and one thing we need to keep in mind is that any attempt to modify the PG&E recall rights would almost certainly be opposed by the CPUC, especially if it was to benefit Enron 
I thought you understood from my email and phone call that I was going to track down El Paso's interpretation of the 24 hours recall rights.  Regulatory treatment of the 58 million by PG&E is a CPUC issue.  I just talked to Becky and I don't have a good response to the question of whether our capacity could replace expansion capacity in light of the dueling recall rights, but I will think about it and talk to Becky some more.
As to the 24-hour recall, I can only tell you what the FERC order says, I have no special knowledge of how El Paso and the parties intended the 24 recall to work.  The order is fairly terse, and just says "and if it so recalled (by PG&E), that Enron may further recall the capacity for its own use in the PG&E  service territory upon 24 hours notice."  The language says to me that you can recall it 24 hours before you want to use it.  However, I can call El Paso and find out how they interpret it.
As to the "traditional rate making" valuation of the $58 million, I have to confess I don't understand what you mean.  PG&E paid the 58 million as part of a negotiated settlement.  Typically that is part of a black box settlement, meaning that revenue dollars are not tracked to particular costs.  We can pull the settlement and see if it stipulates some sort of treatment, but I would doubt it.  If your question relates to how PG&E is tracking that expense in a regulatory sense, perhaps Jeff Dasovich can find out. 
When is the 24 hour notice on re-recall effective - 24 hours from the day of recall (varies depending on term) or 24 hours before the recall is supposed to start?
How would you value what's left of the $58 million that PG&E paid based upon traditional rate making policies? I believe there are at least 5 years left on the term of the settlement.
Please call if you have any questions,
,
Stephanie
Here is a short memo.  do you need more?
We you able to pull together a clear, definitive conclusion on how the RE-recall rights work?
I was not able to - hence my mission for greater clarification of specifics 
I looked over all the orders and the contracts and I agree with both of your interpretation of the recall rights of Block II.  PG&E did not make a very smart deal for $58 million.
Page 12 talks about Recall rights - good discussion but still short on re-recall rights.
This guy runs a small think tank / TV and radio program that tries to push competitive ideas.  He is very pro telecom and energy dereg.  Not sure if this is something that makes alot of sense for Enron, but thought I'd get your spin.  I'll follow up with you.
Jim
We produce political/public affairs television programs which air in state capitols. Currently we are in Pennsylvania and Ohio, expanding into NJ, Md and DE. The disruptive technology is this: the real target of the TV show is the guest, not the audience. Lobbyists have trouble scheduling time with politicians and regulators, and when they get on the schedule lobbyists have time getting genuine intellectual focus from government decision makers. We don't have trouble with either. Every politician and appointee wants to be on television, they always say yes. When they ask us what the topics will be, and we mention something like telecommunications competition or electricity deregulation they want briefing material which they actually study in order to do well on television. In addition by inviting journalists and radio and television commentators as members of out panel we have the same effect on them.
In short:
Step one: identify gov't decision makers that our sponsors want to influence
Step two: invite them on the program and, in doing so, develop rapport with their key staff members on the relevant issues
Step three: send briefing materials and/or give a briefing in person before the the taping
Step four: towards the end of a show in which the Newsmaker has largely been bragging about his/her policy agenda
Step five: steer the conversation to sponsor selected topics, framing the issue in such a way as to make it very difficult for the guest to resist the conclusions suggested by the host.
Step six: take the statement of support for the position we favor e.g. tort reform, privatization, deregulation, tax cuts, etc. (which by the way we almost always are able to get from the guest on the air) and in addition to airing along with the airing of the rest of the show, we digitize it and send it out to legislators, regulators and the proper beat reporters via email making it almost impossible for the newsmaker to back off later.
Current sponsors: Medical Society, Hospital Association, State System of Higher Education, Manufacturers Association, Cornell Corrections, AT&T.
Levels: 25K, 50K, 100K per year for Pa; 15k for Ohio (one level only).
This is an amazingly simple, elegant and direct way to influence policy makers and opinion molders and we do not have an energy-oriented firms in partnership with us. Enron and Newsmakers are a very good fit.
I'll be in touch,
p.s. Sponsorship can be done in ways that are not visible if you prefer, via intermediaries, if you are publicity shy.
Jerry Bowyer
Pennsylvania Newsmakersseen across the state on these television stations: www.jerrybowyer.com/coveragemap.php The Jerry Bowyer Programon WPTT radio in Pittsburgh, 1360am: www.1360wptt.com/bowyer 
Focus on the Issueson Cornerstone Television
Audio clips from these programs can be heard at www.jerrybowyer.com/audio.php  
412.771.2282 phone
412.771.2363 faxjerrybowyer@home.com  
Thanks for the material.  I am discussing internally.  Will keep confidential.
Jim
We produce political/public affairs television programs which air in state capitols. Currently we are in Pennsylvania and Ohio, expanding into NJ, Md and DE. The disruptive technology is this: the real target of the TV show is the guest, not the audience. Lobbyists have trouble scheduling time with politicians and regulators, and when they get on the schedule lobbyists have time getting genuine intellectual focus from government decision makers. We don't have trouble with either. Every politician and appointee wants to be on television, they always say yes. When they ask us what the topics will be, and we mention something like telecommunications competition or electricity deregulation they want briefing material which they actually study in order to do well on television. In addition by inviting journalists and radio and television commentators as members of out panel we have the same effect on them.
In short:
Step one: identify gov't decision makers that our sponsors want to influence
Step two: invite them on the program and, in doing so, develop rapport with their key staff members on the relevant issues
Step three: send briefing materials and/or give a briefing in person before the the taping
Step four: towards the end of a show in which the Newsmaker has largely been bragging about his/her policy agenda
Step five: steer the conversation to sponsor selected topics, framing the issue in such a way as to make it very difficult for the guest to resist the conclusions suggested by the host.
Step six: take the statement of support for the position we favor e.g. tort reform, privatization, deregulation, tax cuts, etc. (which by the way we almost always are able to get from the guest on the air) and in addition to airing along with the airing of the rest of the show, we digitize it and send it out to legislators, regulators and the proper beat reporters via email making it almost impossible for the newsmaker to back off later.
Current sponsors: Medical Society, Hospital Association, State System of Higher Education, Manufacturers Association, Cornell Corrections, AT&T.
Levels: 25K, 50K, 100K per year for Pa; 15k for Ohio (one level only).
This is an amazingly simple, elegant and direct way to influence policy makers and opinion molders and we do not have an energy-oriented firms in partnership with us. Enron and Newsmakers are a very good fit.
I'll be in touch,
p.s. Sponsorship can be done in ways that are not visible if you prefer, via intermediaries, if you are publicity shy.
Jerry Bowyer
Pennsylvania Newsmakersseen across the state on these television stations: www.jerrybowyer.com/coveragemap.php  The Jerry Bowyer Programon WPTT radio in Pittsburgh, 1360am: www.1360wptt.com/bowyer 
Focus on the Issueson Cornerstone Television
Audio clips from these programs can be heard at www.jerrybowyer.com/audio.php  412.771.2282 phone
412.771.2363 faxjerrybowyer@home.com 
Good info.  I like the Reg Orig plays.  Amr should track our success.
Jim
fyi.
Attached is the first draft of our intervention in the Georgia Power rate case.
Our goals are to get:
Georgia Power's weather risk transferred to the market through purchase of weather hedges, in lieu of GP's proposal to refund a portion of above normal weather revenues in exchange for supposedly bearing downside weather risk (for EGM, principally);
Disclosure of new capacity contracts whose costs are proposed to be recovered through a new automatic capacity recovery mechanism, to help our own ability to hedge existing retail positions (for EWS);
Application of an earnings test that would limit when the capacity cost recovery mechanism goes into place, to help keep down rate increases on our existing retail positions (for EWS);
A reduction in GP's ROE if the automatic capacity recovery mechanism is approved; to limit rate increases on our existing retail positions (for EWS).
Andy and Mark, please give me your suggestions.  I will schedule follow-ups as needed.  Mark, I have talked to Gary Taylor and he is working up some hedge examples that will be very useful.  Also, Bob Frank and I had a very general discussion with Dynegy about our issues.  They have intervened in this case also and may be supportive.  Do you have any objection to sharing our views with them?  They could be very helpful 
Mike, I think this is the first rate case where Enron is intervening in a closed state (Georgia).  It's certainly likely other parties will want to know our interests.  Most of the retail position is from Springs, Owens Corning, Quebecor, Rich, and Simon.  Another half-dozen contracts also have positions there.  I want to make sure you have no objection to Enron's participation.  Any suggestion on how best to characterize our interest would be great.
We have four weeks before this must be finalized so there is time.  But hearings start next week for GP's witnesses so any immediate feedback in terms of direction, etc. would be great.
Thank you.
Jim 
I'll be staying downtown.  Once I finalize my plans, I'll get in touch to finalize our meeting.  You're right about our thinking - probably just to get a feel for some ideas, nothing formal.
Thanks,
Jim
Jim--
Thanks for getting back to me.  I can make 7:30 AM next Thursday.  Are
you at a hotel in DC or surroundings?  It would probably make the most
sense for me to meet you there; we can talk over coffee, or else let me
know what would be convenient for the two of you.
If you are truly interested in this topic, and in any sort of hurry, we
can prepare a more detailed preliminary proposal in short order; but I
am guessing that you are not there yet, and we can just talk about it
next week.  There are a couple of different ways you could proceed; it
might even be interesting to combine forces with other market players
through EPSA.  So there's both the substance and the process to think
about.  I look forward to hearing your thoughts on the subject.
--Jim Turnure
Principal, Energy Group
ICF Consulting
9300 Lee Highway
Fairfax, VA 22031
(703) 934-3617 office
(202) 423-6583 cell
Lisa 
I don't have any funds for this.  Sorry 
Jim
Mike, Linda, Dave and Jim,
We received a request from the Alliance to Save Energy (www.ase.org) for Enron to be a Vice Chair of the annual dinner on October 24, 2001 in DC.
-- Enron is a member (Associate) of ASE
-- Enron has been a Vice Chair for the previous 9 years  
-- The letter of invitation was sent to Ken Lay on July 3, 2001.
-- The Vice Chair level is 10 K and covers the cost of a table. 
-- This year's award recipients are Gov. Pataki (R-NY) and the ESCO Industry - Enron would be eligible to receive the award as part of the industry group at the dinner.
-- Senators Bingaman and Jeffords and Rep. Boehlert are expected to give out the awards.
Invitations are going to print first thing tomorrow morning and will list the Vice Chairs to date -- but we can commit to the Vice Chair level after the print deadline and we will be recognized at the event.
-- There is also an opportunity for Enron to speak at their Associate's policy seminar on Oct. 25, Energy Secretary Abraham has been invited to be the keynote speaker at the seminar.
Please let me know if you would be willing to pay for, our contribute to, the cost of the table/Vice Chair level.
Please see the invite below.
Thanks and I apologize for the short notice.
-Lisa
 
 July 3, 2001
 
 Dr. Kenneth L. Lay
 Chairman
 Enron
 P.O. Box 1188
 Houston, TX 77251-1188
 Dear Ken:
 On behalf of the Alliance to Save Energy, we invite you to become a Vice
 Chair of the 2001 Evening with the Stars of Energy Efficiency reception
 and dinner to be held on Wednesday, October 24, 2001 from six until ten in
 the evening in Washington, DC.  We are extremely pleased this year to
 honor:
 *        The Honorable George E. Pataki, Governor of the State of New York
 - Charles H. Percy Award for Public Service for the Governor's strong
 support and promotion of energy efficiency. He has personally championed
 the purchase of Energy Star products and created one of the largest public
 benefit funds for energy efficiency programs in the nation.
 *        The ESCo Industry - Star of Energy Efficiency Award for its
 collective success in bringing performance-based energy efficiency
 contracting to energy consumers worldwide.
 *	Howard S. Geller, Former Executive Director of the American Council
 for an Energy Efficient Economy - Star of Energy Efficiency Award for his
 twenty years of leadership at ACEEE.
 The benefits of becoming a Vice Chair include:
 *	A table for you and nine guests at the Awards Dinner;
 *	Invitation to our private VIP reception prior to the dinner;
 *	Participation at the following day's Energy Efficiency Policy Summit
 (details to follow); and
 *	Prominent mention of your company on programs and invitations.
 With energy problems and energy efficiency opportunities at the forefront
 of our nation's agenda, the Alliance deserves your support more than ever.
 It is 
 
 
 unique in that it is our nation's only bipartisan, nonprofit organization
 that allows business executives to join with government, environmental and
 consumer leaders to promote energy efficiency. By becoming a Vice Chair,
 you will honor those who have made outstanding contributions to energy
 efficiency, and support the Alliance's efforts to ensure that energy
 efficiency remains a key element of our national energy strategy. A
 $10,000 contribution is required for a Vice Chair designation.
 This event will be a wonderful opportunity to meet members of the energy
 community.  We expect an audience of over 300, including members of
 Congress, CEOs, White House and other Bush Administration officials, as
 well as staff from federal agencies, and the press. 
 We hope you will show your dedication and support for the Alliance's
 energy efficiency programs by joining us for this stellar evening with
 America's business and government leaders dedicated to promoting energy
 efficiency. Should you have questions, please call Leslie Cordes, Director
 of Corporate and Program Development at (202) 530-2211.
 Thank you for your consideration.
 Sincerely,
 Jeff Bingaman                                                   Dean T.
 Langford
 Chairman, Alliance to Save Energy                    Co-Chair, Alliance to
 Save Energy
 United States Senator                                       President
 OSRAM SYLVANIA Inc.
Jose - thanks.  Also, feel free to send to JoAnn Hill in Houston.
Jim
Robin. I completed both last week. Where should I send the forms for Human Resources?
Jose
For the report.
Jim:
In Washington, we're primarily working on advocacy, which you're pretty familiar with.  Do you need more information -- we can summarize quickly if you'd like us to, but it's pretty much RTO mediation, RTO efforts in midwest, California and Pacific Northwest refunds.  Going forward, we have the Show Cause motion, possible affiliate NOPR, Supreme Court oral argument in October, other possible FERC proceedings such as interconnection policy, mandatory RTO participation, etc -- its just not defined yet.  Also, Tom Briggs continues to work with the Germany guys on an Eon strategy in the U.S.
Also, from the legislative side, you should ask John Shelk about what's expected this fall.
The only commercial deal we're involved in now (that I can think of) is Donna's Gas Storage Monetization proposal.  I'll ask her to send you more information on that.
Let me know what else you need.
Sarah
With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.
I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.
While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going 
I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.
For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.
This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.
Thanks - I appreciate your help,
Jim
Gary & Ray  
Some people at Enron would like to get a feel for how much the CalPX and CAISO wholesale prices will change (% and/or $/mwh) with the FERC refund process.  Can we discuss on Monday's call?
Thanks,
Jim
Susan 
Please put in an RCR to discuss ASAP (probably next week).
I think that the key issue involves the inclusion of financial transactions.  Need a solid message from industry that this is inappropriate - which EPSA members are filing this info?
Jim
Today's EPSA conference call was well-attended and the participants seemed to agree that the status quo (i.e., making relatively limited paper filings of transactional information) is much preferable to the more extensive electronic posting that FERC is proposing.  Admittedly, though, some of what FERC is proposing seems to be justified -- for example, the FPA requires every public utility to show rates and charges in the form prescribed by the Commission, which gives the Commission a lot of latitude 
The basic conclusion was that EPSA's filing should make the point that FERC should be able to find a way to meet its Section 205-c obligations in a way that is not potentially commercially damaging to market participants.  Also, FERC may be overreaching in requesting data that does not pertain to physical transactions.  Additionally, there was some discussion of requesting confidential treatment of the information to be posted.  EPSA will draft comments with the assistance of outside counsel, Dickstein Shapiro.  A draft will be circulated and if any of you are not on the EPSA distribution list I will make sure you get a copy.
Elizabeth and others, we have already discussed the importance of Enron weighing in separately in this proceeding.  Since comments are due October 5, I believe at this point it would be prudent to call our outside counsel so that we can begin the drafting process.
SSL
Some thoughts from Bob Williams.
Jim
We are considering four courses of action:  a suit against Gray Davis for tortious interference with contract; a suit for an injuntion against the AG; a letter of to our customers; and a letter to the press from one of our customers 
California counsel is researching whether under California law state officials can be sued for tortious conduct.  The answer depends upon whether the State has waived its sovereign immunity that would normally protect it from such suits.  We may not have a definitive answer to this question until Monday.  If California law does provide for such a waiver, we could sue the Governor and the State for tortious interference with conduct 
An additional obstacle to enjoining the AG is that the California statutes give the AG broad authority as to how he conducts an investigation.  Still, if we can get evidence that the AG's investigator is making untrue or misleading statements or engaging in some other misconduct (we would need an affidavit from a customer as proof), we could go into court to complain that the AG is abusing his authority.
A letter to our customers could cause Davis and Lockyer to back off.  Neither wants negative reports about them circulating among California businessmen (who they primarily see as potential campaign contributors).  The letter would lay out the "truth about the California energy crisis and Davis/Lockyer's misguided and politically-motivated search for a scapegoat."  We could perhaps use Judge Kobayashi's statement in the Dunn subpoena proceeding that the California energy crisis was "created in part by all arms of the California government" to support our case.  We could also use published reports (if verifiable) about the DWR's imprudent purchases of power, and cast the AG's investigation as an attempt to divert attention from Davis/Lockyer's lack of any success in addressing the the crisis.  We could thank our customers for not being swayed by the demagogery and rhetoric, and for continuing to be our business partners.  We would want this to be positive in tone.
A fourth response would be a letter from one (or more) of our customers to a newspaper complaining about the harassment by the AG's office.  This letter could make some of the same points as the letter from us to our customers. 
We are still thinking of other approaches.  We will have the answers to the legal questions buttoned up by Monday at the latest.  Please call me with any questions or comments (x52402).
I have already asked Bob to look into this 
David W Delainey
09/06/2001 12:27 PM
Vicki/Mark, the harrassment of EES's customers in California continues at great pace - it seems like I am getting messages like this everyday.  Can we get a restraining order/sue the government, etc.
This is going to start hurting business soon and is clearly a witch hunt 
Delainey
Dan Leff
09/06/2001 11:54 AM
David Tagliarino, Enron Sports Marketing Group, received a call today from John Yee, CFO of the SF Giants.  David, John and I got back on the phone this morning.  Following is a summary of our discussion:
John Yee, CFO, SF Giants, received a letter from the CA AG's office requesting their cooperation in an "....investigation concerning Enron....".  (John will fax that letter to me and I will circulate it)
John called the AG's office per their request in the letter received
The AG's office was digging for a bunch of information:
total MWH consumed
contract start date
term of contract
general questions about T's & C's
whether Enron had cancelled the contract
who was supplying electricity
copies of the agreements and letters of communication from Enron to the SF Giants
John was generally responsive and indicated that Enron has been great, has honored its contract, still has a contract in place, etc.
John pushed back on supplying any more information without a written request from the AG's office, and then also indicated that they would only supply what was required by law
The AG's office responded by indicating that they may have to subpoena the Giants
John will wait and see what the AG's office does
He will keep us in the communication loop and make sure that we have copies of the communication from the AG's office
Thanks - Dan
Please let the right person know that I will be on vacation.
Jim
Map:
<a HREF 
Thanks.  Fully agree.  I figure Sarah's already committed to #2.
Jim
Jim -- You asked for 5 key issues:
1.  Get FERC to approve the large RTOs that include good independent RTO at top with LMP/financial rights congestion management (auction of rights, no day ahead balanced schedule requirement)
2.  Win Supreme Court case 
3.  Get good legislative language (or kill bad bills)
4. Continue opening retail opportunities for EES and EPMI
5. Good outcome in California 
Charles 
After our conversation today, I thought that I'd outline some Q&A topics for you to consider 
1.	How does NERC define "security"? (important to differentiate between national security and system security).
2.	What is NERC's role in national security?
3.	Will RTOs degrade national security?  system security?
4.	What does Enron think about calls to restrict access to network information such as transmission maps?
5.	Does Enron oppose additional emphasis on securing electricity infrastructure?
This Q&A should not be released to the public.  I think this is just to make sure that all of Govt Affairs is on the same page and our DC team has good answers to hard questions.
Thanks.
We need to discuss in our Tuesday Call.
1) Who is the intended audience of these points? NERC? or outside NERC about NERC?  The message has to be tailored to the audience.
There are people in various places DOE, NERC, NIPC, some utilities, that feel empowered by the events. We do not want to belittle their concerns, we want to expose them to ridicule when they do not use their brain,
NERC is still the only game in town, We need to guide them to be truly impartial in the electric utility restructuring, but also be ready to expose the abuse of their Information monopoly position.
Do we work from within? or launch our missiles to attack their standing?
What is the role of the MIC in   to this issue within NERC?
2) Central Repository of Data. I wanted to discuss this point to determine if we should lobby to strengthen this system or let it die through neglect?. The key is that the institution that hold access to this information has power.
3) Actions with DOE. The one that was more concerning to me, is the perspective of some coordinators to "play it conservatively"; I interpret it as, refusing to schedule some market transactions.
4) RTOs. Tom Bowe of PJM blasted the NERC staff  at the meeting when he got hold of the Energy Daily article.
Jose
Charles,
Some comments.  I removed some words I though made NERC look too respectable/official, embellished some of your points, added a section on RTO security risk, and added some stronger "chastisement" words at the end.  They may be too strong, but I think the paper needs to be assertive.  Out of curiosity, is there an intended audience?  If it is NERC, maybe the more passive approach is preferable, but if it is anyone else, then maybe the aggressiveness would be a good thing. I think we want to make sure the audience finishes by looking at NERC and shaking their head in disgust, rather than sighing and shrugging their shoulders.  Of course, that could backfire and make us look like we're unfairly attacking NERC without any provocation, especially given the esoteric nature of some of our points.
Thoughts?
Andy Rodriquez
Regulatory Affairs - Enron Corp.
andy.rodriquez@
713-345-3771 
Per Rick, I have drafted the attached 
Guys 
We need to quickly put together some talking points on how to respond to AEP's request for delay until 2003.  My understanding is that AEP in Texas is wholly outside of ERCOT (if wrong - please inform 
AEP needs only to file a good amendment to the FERC OATT (or SPP needs to do it for them) ASAP.  My basic model for provisioning of energy for retail competition in non-ERCOT Texas is that delivery to the border of the OATT provider (for instance delivering a into-Entergy product into Arkansas and paying for losses would be sufficient for delivery into the Woodlands).
Jean was going to call Luiz to get this issue on the burner.
Thanks
I'm on my way to DC.  Please ask my asst to set a good time to call with you on Wed.
Thanks
meeting was set for wed but will need to change.   There are many meetings on TX.  are you in today, how can I reach you
Jim 
Just trying to follow-up on the next meeting?  Any news?
Unless Jean hears otherwise, I don't think that Enron needs to be doing anything that conflicts with the key policy arrangement on the marketer being the customer of record for the T&D services.
Jim
Jim:
David Gross, who is representing The New Power Company before the Texas PUC regarding the tax issue on T&D services, is asking whether Enron plans to submit anything to the PUC on the tax issue before tomorrow's Open Meeting.
I checked the PUC's agenda for that meeting and did not see the tax issue listed, however, TXU, Reliant and Entergy have all filed requests with the PUC to have the tax issue considered at tomorrow Open Meeting.
What can I tell The New Power Company?
Ron
In my opinion this is not beneficial to EES at all.  We have been following this issue through our Retail Market Subcommittee and all REPS are not happy with this process.  We are now required to calculate, collect and remit all taxes related to T&D charges.  We also take a hit on Gross receipts tax.  Jim, you should call and talk to Ron Adzgery.  Thanks.
Nancy A. Hetrick
Enron Corp.
Director, Government Affairs
Phone:  712-366-3399
Pager:   888-912-1426
Ron and Jeff. 
I spoke briefly with Jim Steffes this morning. Please do not proceed with any further efforts in this regard until we hear from Jim, Nancy or someone from their team.  It may be the Comptroller's position is beneficial to EES's business and we don't want to support or pursue a contrary position 
beth 
Jean/Jim:
Jeff Fischer and I in EES Tax have been working with Nancy Hetrick regarding the question of whether REPs will be responsible for administering Texas taxes on T&D services.
As you may have heard, at the request of a number of investor owned utilities, the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts has initially ruled that REPs will be responsible for administering the taxes.  This conclusion was based upon the assumption that the REPs are purchasing the T&D Services from the TDU and then reselling the services to their customers.
After a number of REPs objected to that ruling, the Comptroller's office agreed to reconsider.  We believe the Comptroller is worried about doing something that will have a serious impact on deregulation in Texas, so she is passing the question off to the Texas PUC by requesting that the PUC determine whether REPs purchase and resell T&D Services.
The New Power Company raised this issue with the PUC recently and at last count TXU and Entergy had filed responses of their own.  A number of tax representatives from several REPs thought it might be good to show the PUC this is a significant issue for all independent REPs.
Attached for your review and comment is a draft of a proposed letter to the PUC regarding this matter.  Nancy suggested we send the letter to you for your comments and to get clearance for EESI to sign the letter.  Thank you for your assistance with this.
Ron
What does Mike Roan think??  Also, will they help pay for our "natural market study" in the SE??
Jim
Mirant is proposing to complete a study of the costs and benefits of a Midwest RTO.  They filed a similar study for the Northeast and Chairman Pat Wood commented at the recent FERC meeting that it was very useful and that further studies should be done.  Mirant is presenting its study in a public meeting at the Commission on Thursday 
The MW study is expected to cost approximtely $75,000 and Jim Mayhew of Mirant has asked for other marketers/gens to join in the study - both put their name on it and pay for a portion of the costs.  Is this something that we would be interested in participating in?
Ray 
Wanted to make sure that you had seen the note Sanders sent around?  I think that we should discuss today on the 4:30 call.
Jim
Lisa 
Give me a call about this and Item #1 below.
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Gas Issues Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
John Orr, Gas Issues Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
Jack Cashin, Sr. Manager of Policy
DATE: October 1, 2001
RE: October 4th Gas Issues Conference Call
?2:30 p.m. (EDT)
We have scheduled a conference call of the Gas issues Working Group on Thursday, October 4th, at 2:30 p.m. (EDT).  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Jack Cashin/EPSA Call.  An agenda is outlined below.
October 4, 2001 Conference Call Agenda
? September 26th FERC Meeting
?NOPR on Affiliate Rules (RM01-10)
?El Paso 637 Compliance Technical Conference denial of rehearing
(RP00-336, CP01-90)
?Energy Infrastructure
?Other FERC Issuances
?Investigation of PG&E Transmission Northwest and Shippers (RP99-518)
?Texas Gas Rate Settlement (RP00-260)
?Items Pending FERC Action
?ANR filing Requesting Clarification of Negotiated Rates (RP99-301)
?Other Items
?Next Call
Please print and ensure that Jose Bestard has this info.
Jim
TO: Board of Trustees
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We are taking a new approach to the agenda and background material for
the Board meeting.
The agenda and action item pages only for each agenda item appear in one
document, with electronic "links" to the associated background material.
This document is now posted at
Links to the
individual background material are also available at this site so you
can access any and all of them for viewing or download, as you wish.
We will also post a complete agenda package, with all action item pages
and associated background material, for those that want the entire
package in one file.
Please let us know if you have any questions or have problems viewing
and downloading any part of the agenda.
Sincerely,
Julie Morgan
p.s. The agenda and background material for the Stakeholders Committee
meeting will be available in a single document, with just references (no
electronic links) to those items that appear on the Board agenda.
Have we done my travel for NERC meeting in Vancouver?
Jim
TO:	Stakeholders Committee
NERC Observers
Technical Steering Committee
Regional Managers
Invited Guests
Ladies and Gentlemen:
This is a reminder that the cut-off date for hotel room reservations for
the October 15, 2001 Stakeholders Committee meeting is tomorrow,
September 21.
If you have not made your reservation, please do so as soon as possible.
I cannot guarantee availability beyond tomorrow. The meeting
announcement letter with all the details can be found at
Let me know if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Julie Morgan
Looks good.  Why doesn't EPSA propose a timeline for the FERC to order?  This could be a signal that we only want one "rule change" date.  Also, maybe we can build in Kevin's argument about uncertainty hurting liquidity and market dynamics right now.
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Power Marketers Working Group
Southeast RTO Generators and Marketers
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
Jack Cashin, Sr. Manager of Policy
DATE: October 1, 2001
RE: EPSA Second Draft Comments on the Southeast
Mediation Report by Judge McCartney
Attached are the second draft comments on the Southeast Mediation Report prepared by Judge McCartney and issued on September 10, 2001 (Docket No. RT01-100-000).    EPSA comments that FERC's continued involvement in the Southeast RTO process is needed, outlines a suggested schedule of milestones and deadlines, and consolidates the primary points that the generator and marketer sectors have previously submitted to the Judge.
Comments on the Mediation Report are due at FERC on Tuesday, October 9th.   Please forward any comments or proposed changes to the draft to Jack Cashin at jcashin@epsa.org no later than the close of business on Thursday, October 4th so that we can make this filing in a timely manner.  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Jack at 202-628-8200.
- SE-Mediation Report Comments2.doc 
The statements.
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Legislative Affairs Committee
Regulatory Affairs Committee
NAERO Working Group
FROM: Scott Weiner, Legislative Affairs Committee Chair
Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Mark Bennett, Senior Manager of Policy
Donn Salvosa, Manager of Government Affairs
DATE: September 25, 2001
RE: NERC Statements on Impact of Security Threats on RTOs
The attached e-mail in Microsoft Word form contains statements that NERC made during a recent meeting with members of the national press.  The statements concern NERC's view of the implications of terrorist threats for FERC's " Four RTO policy" set forth in its July 12th Order.  The statements also may bear upon the effort to establish a new standards setting organization, particularly the possibility that NERC's responsibilities could be shifted to EISB.  Also attached is an article containing the views of R.J. Rudden Associates, Inc. that discusses the risks associated with centralizing control center operations.
Specifically, NERC representatives informed the press that on September 11 "the grid was the target of an insidious cyber attack that shut down some facilities...from an information administration standpoint."  They noted that this resulted in service denials, although it is not clear whether they indicated where or how much.  This event was attributed to the so-called "NIMBA virus".
NERC's statements suggest a new strategy to preserve the role they've played not only in security matters, but possibly other aspects pertaining to "reliability standards."  They warn against any immediate transition to fewer RTOs as envisioned in FERC's July 12th Order.  Moreover, it is likely that NERC will argue that, given its expertise and experience, recent events make transitioning to a new standards organization (EISB?) ill advised.
It is unclear what, if any, impact all this may have on RTO development, the legislative effort to establish a new reliability standards body or the NERC Board's consideration of pending reform proposals at its October meeting.  However, we can expect security related issues to be included in future discussions of these matters.
Please provide your reactions to the NERC statements to Mark Bennett at 202-628-8200 or mbennett@epsa.org
- Mark.doc 
- R.doc 
Rick 
You indicated that NERC disavowed their discussions with the press about national security and RTOs to NB (I may have misheard you).  I think these attachments would prove otherwise.  Finally, I'm sure that RJ Rudden is just fronting for Southern.
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Legislative Affairs Committee
Regulatory Affairs Committee
NAERO Working Group
FROM: Scott Weiner, Legislative Affairs Committee Chair
Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Mark Bennett, Senior Manager of Policy
Donn Salvosa, Manager of Government Affairs
DATE: September 25, 2001
RE: NERC Statements on Impact of Security Threats on RTOs
The attached e-mail in Microsoft Word form contains statements that NERC made during a recent meeting with members of the national press.  The statements concern NERC's view of the implications of terrorist threats for FERC's " Four RTO policy" set forth in its July 12th Order.  The statements also may bear upon the effort to establish a new standards setting organization, particularly the possibility that NERC's responsibilities could be shifted to EISB.  Also attached is an article containing the views of R.J. Rudden Associates, Inc. that discusses the risks associated with centralizing control center operations.
Specifically, NERC representatives informed the press that on September 11 "the grid was the target of an insidious cyber attack that shut down some facilities...from an information administration standpoint."  They noted that this resulted in service denials, although it is not clear whether they indicated where or how much.  This event was attributed to the so-called "NIMBA virus".
NERC's statements suggest a new strategy to preserve the role they've played not only in security matters, but possibly other aspects pertaining to "reliability standards."  They warn against any immediate transition to fewer RTOs as envisioned in FERC's July 12th Order.  Moreover, it is likely that NERC will argue that, given its expertise and experience, recent events make transitioning to a new standards organization (EISB?) ill advised.
It is unclear what, if any, impact all this may have on RTO development, the legislative effort to establish a new reliability standards body or the NERC Board's consideration of pending reform proposals at its October meeting.  However, we can expect security related issues to be included in future discussions of these matters.
Please provide your reactions to the NERC statements to Mark Bennett at 202-628-8200 or mbennett@epsa.org
- Mark.doc 
- R.doc 
Paul 
Can we have a phone call with our Reg team on Friday to make sure that everything is a-ok?  I want one final run through.  If yes, please let me know by phone and I'll ask Linda Noske to set up the call.
Also, I owe you a call on Sue / Jeff.  Are you in Thurs?
Jim
- 081401 Granite II Memorandum.doc  
Here is my proposed budget.
Jim
Mike Roan and Tom Hoatson would be the best.
Jim
Dave, Jim, Steve
I talked to Belden and he is looking forward to the meeting next week.
He is interested in talking about market structure.  He recommends that we get someone who really understands the PJM market structure.  I suggested Mike Roan in an earlier email to Dave and would reiterate my suggestion that we invite him or someone else who knows PJM.
He also wants to discuss our RTO Week position at the meeting.  If that's too late, we should talk to him in advance of next Wed.
That's it for now,
Alan C.
David F. Perrino
Director, Government Affairs
Enron Corporation
101 California Street, Suite 1950
San Francisco, CA  94111
Phone: 415.782.7801
Fax: 415.782.7854
Mobile: 415.794.8740
Lynnette 
Please talk with Pat Keene about Nevada.  Some customers will have access.
Jim
713-853-9287 
888-703-0309
Please make sure this discussion is incorporated into the Monthly Report
Leslie Lawner, Becky Cantrell and I met with Dan Larcamp at FERC yesterday to discuss the marketing affiliate issue.  He agreed with the latest press reports that the upcoming rulemaking NOPR, expected to be voted out in September, would not make major structural changes to the industry.  The current document is up to the Commission level and the Commissioners are clearly considering the alternatives now.  Larcamp said he expected a broadening of the current market affiliate rules structure to include all corporate entities.  He did specifically mention that the Commission is not comfortable with the link between financial and physical transactions and the possibility for manipulation of market prices in one market (financial) to affect prices in the other market (physical).  He also expects the Commission to blend the gas and power rules, using the best practices of each.  Any NOPR that is issued will of course have comment dates to allow Enron and all industry participants to comment on any proposed rule changes.
Larcamp indicated that he did not think there were pervasive afilliate discrimination issues in the industry, but said that the Commission needed to act due to the political pressures they got from the Hill, etc.  The El Paso case is top on everyone's mind and is of special concern because it affects the California market, both gas and power.=20
Larcamp indicated that he is just now learning what a "Pat Wood" Commission is going to want.  He indicated that Wood has closer ties to the producer community than either of the two former Chairmen.  He therefore expects  that the Commission will be responsive to that sector in taking a relook at the affiliate rules.  However, Larcamp did mention that the only meeting that he had previously had on the affiliate issue was with the INGAA group (Joe Hartsoe went with them).  It is not clear whether the producer community has lobbied this issue at the Commissioner level.
We discussed strategy with Dan, how to let the Commission feel more comfortable with the marketing affiliate issue.  He suggested that he had gained a lot by visiting the trading floors (including Enron's).  He thought the Commissioners and their immediate staffs would benefit from similar visits. =20
We specifically raised the issue of market prices, and talked about tranportation costs not equalling basis differentials.  We stated that our marketers believed that the prices in the market were determined by market factors in the specific areas of delivery rather than basin costs plus transport costs.  Dan did indicate some agreement with this concept and thought that more education at the Commissioner level would be very worthwhile.
If you have any questions, call Leslie, Becky or me.
This is a non-ERCOT Texas utility.
Jim
No, I don't know anything about it.  What state is the PUC hearing in?  If Texas, then Jean Ryall's group would cover.  If LA, ARK, etc., then Janine Migden's group would cover.  The coordination comes from our group keeping Jean and Janine in the loop on the wholesale issues and they are to let us know about retail where necessary.  Thanks.
Susan, Chirsti
Question: Who in our group deals with the interfaces between Wholesale Competition (E.g. RTO, SPP) and Retail Competition?
I am asking because Jean Ryall called me asking about our involvement in an upcoming PUC hearing (this coming Friday), where some SPP members have filed a petition requesting further delays in retail competition in light of the ongong discussions on RTOs.
I asked Jean to send more information. There is nothing on the SPP website alluding to this hearing. Do you know anything about it?
Tks
LM 
Rick 
Belden is in Houston next Wednesday and a number of the Western team is going to visit with him about current status and issues.  Also, he wants to get more info on the PJM model. 
Congress has re-scheduled the hearing on Reliability for the same time.  Can you attend the Belden meeting in Houston (Presto is coming for the PJM model discussion 
Jim
Dave 
Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do?  I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West (leaving CA) outside.  Also, having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco.
Jim
To All,
Below is a message from Jack King the Chair of the DSTAR Board, which describes the dissolution of the DSTAR board due to the withdrawal of funding from the PTOs in the region.
The information I received on Wednesday from Cary Deise of APS was, on Monday the PTOs voted to withdraw funding of DSTAR (as noted below).  The big 5 in the region, APS, TEPCo, PNM, SRP and WAPA have, or plan, on signing a Memorandum Of Understanding to file with FERC on October 12 a complete tariff to form a for-profit TransCo called WesCo, or WestTrans, which will be based on the documents that we have been reviewing.  Cary noted that there are several possibilities for the proposed TransCo, one was to join TransConnect in the northwest and join RTO West, simply join RTO West, or develop their own compliant RTO.  Below Jack King states that the PTOs would be forming a for-profit RTO, that was NOT the impression I got from APS 
I will keep you posted of any developments.  If you have any questions, please feel free to give me a call.
Kind 
Dave
Subscription Option #1 -- Document Distribution Mailing List
Message from Jack King, Chair of the Desert STAR Board of Directors:
I have been informed by the Transmission Owners that they plan to move
forward with a filing at FERC in the near future to create a for-profit
Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) and that they do not intend to fund
any future activities of Desert STAR.  Without funding, the Desert STAR
Board of Directors feels that it has no choice but to start dissolving
Desert STAR.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank all of the
stakeholders for their support of Desert STAR and to wish all stakeholders
the best of fortune in this evolving environment.
QUESTIONS?
...About a document?  Please send and email to:
docadministrator@dstarnet.com   ...About your subscription to this mailing list?  Please email:
listmanager@dstarnet.com WANT TO UNSUBSCRIBE?
Please send a blank email to:  dstarwdoc-request@dstarnet.com
into the subject line.
Thank you.
< 
Rick 
Please see attached.  Lot's of $$ from CA.
Jim
Attached is the revised preliminary Origination Report.  TCV values will be added tomorrow.
Ron Bertasi - There are $1,058,223 in Agency Fees for gas that is currently allocated to Third Party Sales.  I will follow up with you tomorrow to allocate correctly.  According to RGS, $743,224 of the fees should be allocated to deals closed by Lowney.
Thanks Dave.  The critical things for us to take-away are the key priorities for the Desk moving forward.  On this, I want to make sure that Kevin and Tim are comfortable with the evolving process of implementing RTOs - Option 1: wait till completely ready or Option 2: start with basic and "improve".
Thanks,
Jim
Dear All,
Attached to this message is the agenda outline for our meeting in Houton TX on Wednesday, October 10 beginning at 8 AM.
I have arranged with Linda Noske for a continental breakfast to be available so we can get started promptly at 8AM and as Christi has noted, lunch will also be provided.  Any questions, please contact me  
Kind  
Dave
Becky 
My only question is one of emphasis.  Are points 3&4 the key for Barry T.?  If so, should we move them up higher?  Also, why the very lenghthy discussion of pooling points?  The length makes the points after that discussion hard to appreciate.  Maybe a list of bullet points up front?
Jim
Please review the attached filing and provide any comments you may have by COB Friday, 10/5 
The filing is ENA's comments on El Paso's proposal for receipt point allocation, focusing on discussions at the two technical conferences in the proceeding.  Also, it may be that, based on further discussion with certain other shippers, we will modify our statement in Item No. 1 to to support a different version of the method for allocating receipt point rights, but only if there is strong opposition to our method.  We don't want FERC to select the method that El Paso proposed originally.
Should we add a Project titled "Interconnection NOPR" for Susan Lindberg?
Jim
Susan 
Can we sit down tomorrow or Monday for 30 minutes to discuss.  Maybe at 11am Friday.  Want to get an idea of the timing and our position.
Thanks,
Jim
See pages 2 and 3 of the attached draft; includes overview section drafted by Sam Behrends.
I am not certain that Sam Behrend's attachment went through to you all last night.  Attached is a copy of the current version of the document (it includes Sam's overview).
Thanks,
Cathy
Please put on my calendar and arrange travel/hotel.
Thanks
Attached is a revised agenda/registration for EPSA's Fall Membership Meeting, Octl 23-24.  Specifically, the times of the Legislative Affairs, Public Affairs, Executive Committee and Board of Directors meetings on Oct. 24 have changed.  The fundraiser scheduled for Oct. 24 has been canceled.  If you have any questions, please let me know.
Laurie Martin
Director of Meetings & Membership
EPSA
lmartin@epsa.org
Phone: 202-628-8200 ext. 121
Fax: 202-628-8260
- Registration form.doc 
Rick 
I see that Amr has taken over the Fundamentals Group.  The fiefdom grows 
Jim
Colleagues:
This is a quick note to let you know that with the help of GA Information (Elizabeth Linnell), the Fundamentals Group is starting to populate the functioning ISO Regulatory database.  The structure of the database (which will remain open to incorporate any of your suggestions)  is outlined below (it includes the latest comments from Christi and Thane).
The target customer group of this product is the traders either directly (by having access to the database) or,  and preferably,  via you in the field 
The final product will be in Excel format, that through MS Access it should enable you to create a very flexible comparative reporting mechanism. An example would be a report on the rules of conflict resolution process across all the functioning ISO's in the country, and so on 
The time table of this project in two phases is as follows:
Phase One:  It shall end by October 12th and shall include the following ISO's.
ISO				Contact 1.	PJM				Guillermo Canovas	(713) -345-8946
2.	California			Alberto Levy		Caracas: (58-212)-902-7811
3.	New England			Amr Ibrahim		(713)-853-3037)
Phase Two: It shall end by November 12th, and shall include the following:
4.	ERCOT				Amr Ibrahim.
5.	New York ISO			Amr Ibrahim  (tentative).
Linda Lawrence is kind to help us with a support database in which all the seminal documents for each ISO are kept so that to allow you to check the original document if you would like to substantiate, or challenge,  the findings of the database 
The second stage of the project is to link it to the current RTO process.  However, this is a slightly different issue, and shall be communicated to you as it becomes more stable 
I shall keep you posted with progress, meanwhile, please let me know if you have any question.
AI
Ray 
I think that this is about the CalPX bankruptcy.  Any issues?  Can you please get with PGE to make sure we are on the same page?
Jim
By the way, who is Al referring to when he sais Doug is working with "Enron Central" and who has he contacted re:  "Enron guidance."  Sheesh 
see additional note from Doug Nichols.
This is the latest status on Howard's effort - PGE is included in the "in favor" group in Howard's message - but both Al and I have since let him know he should not include us as being "in favor" unless and until we've coordinated this with Enron - I'm relying on you to do that.  Time is very short - Howard needs to be moving on this now if he has any shot at all of influencing the outcome.  While I agree the message ought to be delivered, I'm not optimistic there is time for the legislature to do anything else at this point.  If nothing else, it would be good let the decision makers know that their plan may not have the hoped for result, so they can't say no one told them.  dn
Doug and I have been debating wether there might be a broader Enron plan to support the legislation even with the 1 billion shortage to sellers.  We're still trying to get Enron guidance on this.  Possibly we'd rather have an expensive solution instead of no solution.  I'm traveling with my  cell phone all of tomorrow and Doug is working on Enron Central.  Please stand by in terms of adding our name to the agressive list. Sorry for the mixed signals.  al
>> "Howard J. Weg"  I have not heard back from all members of the Unofficial Committee regarding
my email dated August 27, 2001 with respect to the proposal to contact the
Governor and Legislators regarding the pending legislation on SCE.
Some have suggested that the message needs to be stronger and others have
suggested that the message is too strong.  Our Ex Officio members BPA and
WAPA want it to be clear that they are not involved in any way with
addressing the state government on this or other issues.  As you know, I
want very much to reach as broad of a consensus on this action as is
possible, and to protect the interests of all members.
Virtually all members agree that a bankruptcy case for or litigation against
SCE would probably not be a good thing and we do not want to advocate for
bankruptcy or litigation.  After all, the Unofficial Committee was organized
to provide a different approach generally.  The purpose of contacting the
Governor and the Legislature is to let them know that the legislation they
are now considering, which leaves SCE about $1 billion short on the proposed
financing to pay creditors, may cause some other sellers to take precipitous
action in filing an involuntary petitition or initiating litigation or
arbitration that could delay or prevent the financing at even the lower $2.9
billion level, which will adversly affect SCE and all creditors generally.
We should point out that not all sellers are in agreement on what action
will be taken. The message is not intended to threaten anything and it is
not necessarily designed to stop legislation altogether, only legislation
that might actually make the situation worse for all sellers and SCE.
The tone of the presentation, if we make one, will be low key, non
threatening, and in the spirit of helping the legislature and the Governor
design a package that will avoid the bankruptcy, litigation and other
alternatives that others might be forced to consider if the bill is passed,
leaving the energy sellers out in the cold.
If there remain some members of the Committee that are not willing to be
associated with the message outlined above, then I propose that we give such
members the alternative of remaining members of the Unofficial Committee and
allowing us, if asked, to identify any such members that prefer not to be a
part of the message although they want to support an approach that avoids
litigation and bankruptcy for SCE.  I understand that the LADWP and Coral
Power would like this approach adopted.
As I explained in my prior email, it has been suggested that the proposed
bill that leaves SCE short by a billion dollars will likely pass after Labor
Day and before the Sept 14 adjournment.  That is why timing is important.
Those of you that have not responed, please respond.  Those of you that were
concerned that the message was unclear, please review this email and
consider or reconsider your positions, as the case may be.
As of right now, there are only 11 votes: 9 in favor and 2 against.  The
polls are still open so please let me know your position.
You should be aware that the City of Glendale notified me that it determined
that actual or potential conflicts of interest with the Unofficial Committee
required it to resign from the Unofficial Committee.
Mary 
As we discussed, please find a list of our project team leads on on-going wholesale matters 
Thanks,
Jim
713-853-7673
Could you please find out what group Carlos works with and pass him some information?
Thanks,
Jim
Hello Jim, I was wondering if you could help me in finding the current outlook in deregulation in the following states: 
NC, SC, WI, MS, GA, TN
I don't need any elaborate research, as this is only for some estimates in current position values for origination purposes.  The month and year of estimated dereg will do.  Thanks in advance for your help 
Carlos Wheelock
Info you wanted.
Jim
Hi Jim -- I'm showing that Dan is under a 3-year agreement which expires on 6/12/02.  Please let me know if you need additional information.
Thanks.
Jo Ann
Jo Ann 
Do you know if Dan Staines has an active Employment Contract?
JIm
Thanks for the info.  Not sure what we're doing.  I'll pass this along.
Jim
Jim;  wanted to drop you a quick note {met you during the associate PRC process with Sutton} to inquire about your Admin. vacancy.  Is it open?  Any pre selected candidates you have in mind?  The reason I'm asking is that I have a potential ..................yeah, it's my daughter!  She has been working in HR {recruitment} for almost a year.  Unfortunately, they have started the process of "right-sizing" and even though she has yet to be affected, I'm not sure how long that will last.  She is 23 and has a great personality, but you'd expect to hear that from her dad.  Her supervisor is Meg Wysatta who reports into Will Davies.  Meg has informed me that Tracy does a great job, but they are trying to automate their process If you get a minute, drop me a note. 
Thanks,
Bob
Tracy wanted to experience the corporate life before finishing school..... she is probably a first semester junior and now fully understands the importance of completing her education.
Please consider this candidate for the position.
Jim
Jim;  wanted to drop you a quick note {met you during the associate PRC process with Sutton} to inquire about your Admin. vacancy.  Is it open?  Any pre selected candidates you have in mind?  The reason I'm asking is that I have a potential ..................yeah, it's my daughter!  She has been working in HR {recruitment} for almost a year.  Unfortunately, they have started the process of "right-sizing" and even though she has yet to be affected, I'm not sure how long that will last.  She is 23 and has a great personality, but you'd expect to hear that from her dad.  Her supervisor is Meg Wysatta who reports into Will Davies.  Meg has informed me that Tracy does a great job, but they are trying to automate their process If you get a minute, drop me a note. 
Thanks,
Bob
Tracy wanted to experience the corporate life before finishing school..... she is probably a first semester junior and now fully understands the importance of completing her education.
Probably want to talk with Jay Lewis and other product leads?  I'll get some names.
Jim
Met with Jake Thomas (Origination) and Paul Choi (Mid-market).   It looks like we have concurrence on the ENA side of the house.   How do we run the traps on the EES side (i.e., Guy Devault, Jeff Ader, and whoever 
I'd like to go to Nevada next week (thursday,friday time frame) and start meeting with the Commission and OCA 
Did you attend?  Did we file comments 
Jim
Tom: What's the point of ths State hearing? Aren't these all issues/questions that FERC has already decided or will decide in the course of ruling on the Business Plan? Is there anything that Maryland can do other than pursue its rehearing request at FERC and then move to the courts?
See the notice below regarding a hearing at the Maryland PUC next Wed and Thurs to discuss the Northeast RTO.  Note the items that the parties are requested to comment on.  Comments are due tomorrow but we got an extension until Monday (we received a copy of the notice at a PUC yesterday and it also appeared that many other parties at the hearing saw the notice for the first time yesterday).  I assume we want to participate and comment.  To that end, if we have a "canned" presentation prepared that discusses the benefits of the RTO (even if it is in Powerpoint format) we could submit this as our comments and use it during the hearing 
The Maryland Public Service Commission has issued a notice requesting  comments on issues surrounding the Northeast RTO. These comments are due  Thursday, September 27th. I have gotten an extension until Monday,  October 1st for filing. 
The Maryland, D.C., Virginia and Delaware Commissions have all petitioned  FERC to rehear its July 12th Order on the RTO. FERC has granted  rehearing and anticipates issuing its Order on Rehearing on October  31st. 
The Maryland Commission will be holding a legislative hearing on Wednesday,  October 3rd at 11:00 a.m. and Thursday, October 4th at  10:00 a.m. The parties have been asked to file comments on the following  issues:
1. Cost Benefit Analysis.
2. Potential energy market savings and the distribution of those benefits  through the three ISO regions.
3. Cost of developing new computer programs and systems along with the risks  associated with implementation of new systems and business rules.
4. Specific examples of successful and unsuccessful introductions of new  energy markets, software, and business rules.
5. Affect on reliability from changing business rules.
6. Impact on transmission rates from uniform transmission pricing.
7. Cost of infrastructure development and the time frame required for  successful infrastructure transformation.
8. Information on current energy flows between regions.
9. Guidelines to be used to identify and implement best practices. 
10. Examples of successful and unsuccessful mergers between energy management  organizations.
This Commission notice is dated September 20th. It was not  e-mailed or faxed to any party and I have yet to receive a copy via mail. I  received a copy of this notice from the Executive Director TODAY while I was  attending a hearing before the Commission.
Please contact me immediately if you would like to submit comments, and I  strongly urge that we do.
I will be in hearings most of tomorrow morning, so please send me an e-mail  as well as leave me a voice mail, either at the office or on my cell phone.
Office: 410-974-9000
Cell: 410-371-6919
CHANTEL
- Sandie  Turner.vcf  
Thanks for the info.  We need to push for other good load programs in PJM and New England.
Jim
Jim: I have participated in a number of calls with Jeff and his team over the past few weeks regarding this deal, goving over the details of how NY's demand response programs work, reviewing draft contracts, and putting him in touch with appropriate ISO staff when even more detailed followup was needed. I see little likelihood of NY's demand response programs being eliminated over the next few years given the increasingly tight supply situation the state faces and the long lead time for permitting and bulding new generation, and the great success these programs achieved this past summer. (Most folks credit the 600 MW produced by NY's day-ahead and emergency demand response programs with keeping the lights on in the northeast during the early August heat wave.) Only the day-ahead incentive program has a risk of not being continued beyond October 2003, it's current expiration date. However, even there, there is likely to be pressure to extend it for an additional year or two. With respect to potential RTO impacts, in our discussions with PJM, they have stated that at a minimum they would allow NY to continue its demand response programs in the new Northeast market on day 1, even if they differed from the rest of the region.Further, PJM would even consider making the NY programs applicable throughout the region on day 1 if that was what the market participants in the region wanted to do.=20
Howard -
Have you and Jeff Brown talked about the MG deal?  I want to make sure that you understand fully and appreciate any issues / concerns.
Thanks.
Before I send this Louise, I'd like your thoughts.  The element that drives the EA # higher than I would have thought is the large number of people who are working on RTO and NERC only matters.  I've made a decision to assign these people to EA rather than spread to EES.  I could change if you think appropriate.
Thanks,
Jim
Lisa -
Please include G. Canovas in these discussions going forward.
Thanks.
We had a short conference call on Friday to discuss next steps with respect to the FERC's NOPR on affiliate standards.  We will be having another call on Friday to identify the issues which Enron should address in its comments (Geriann will be arranging for the call).   Please be prepared to offer your assessment of which issues require our attention.   Leslie and Tom will be drafting the comments, with Leslie focusing on gas issues and Tom on electric 
The Notice was published in the Federal Register on September 27th.   Our comments are due on November 19th. 
If you're unable to make the call, please forward an email with your list of issues.  I look forward to talking to you on Friday.
Lisa
Any other news?
Jim
we are working up a PGE to PGE Service agreement internally now.
Jay.
>> Lawner, Leslie 08/22/2001 9:11:25 AM Any updates on the amendments to the pipeline application?
Sure.
Jim
I am having lunch on Tues. 10/16 with Matt LaRoque, customer service of GridSouth.  11:30 meet in lobby of Enron Building (he will call me from downstairs).  Do you want to go?
I think it's a fair statement that Enron doesn't currently support the Barton language.  On this issue, I would argue that any penalty imposed should remain the purview of FERC and its procedures.
Jim
Christi,
No, my concern was more of an organization like "NERC" imposing financial penalties on a grid user.  I thought our postion was that an RTO through its tariff rules or FERC could impose any penalties, but not a reliability organization.=20
Thanks,
Dave
I do have a concern from the standpoint that users are ultimately at the scheduling mercy of the operator.  The operator can cut our schedule.  Perhaps this is referencing something like reserves, where a user/load serving entity may have gone under the reserves and it gets some penalty?
Christi,
Does=20
"Section 216(e)(1) authorizes an electric reliability organization to impose a penalty on the user or owner or operator of the bulk power system if it finds, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that the user or owner or operator violated a reliability standard.  Section 216(e)(2) provides for notice to FERC of penalties imposed by an electric reliability organization, and authorizes FERC to affirm, set aside or modify any penalty imposed by an electric reliability organization.  Section 216(e)(3) authorizes FERC to assign enforcement of reliability standards to regional transmission organizations.  Section 216(e)(4) authorizes FERC to enforce reliability standards and impose penalties on user or owner or operator of the bulk power system if FERC finds, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, that the user or owner or operator has violated or threatens to violate a reliability standard and this action affects or threatens to affect reliability of the bulk power system.  Section 216(e)(5) authorizes FERC to take such action as is necessary or appropriate against an electric reliability organization"=20
Give us heartburn?=20
Just wondering,
Dave
Susan --Can you check with Ben Jacoby and Fletcher Sturm on the TVA parts and with Rogers Herndon on the retail consumer aggregation parts.
West guys--BPA is discussed in this.
Attached are: (1) highlights summary; (2) section-by-section summary; and (3) almost 150 pages of leg text (PDF doc) on Chairman Barton's draft electricity restructuring bill.  The RTO and bundled/unbundled sections will be provided "soon" (they day) (I am meeting with Mr. Barton's staff in a half hour), but there are "voluntary RTO" provisions in the incentive pricing section since they lifted that language from Burr-Sawyer legislation.  Mr. Barton has publicly said his addedum will mandate RTO participation at some point; I should know more after the meeting.  The draft below addresses a variety of issues, including TVA, BPA, etc., among others, that we also care about.  There is a retail consumer aggregation feature toward the end.  If you could look at the summary and section-by-section and let me know particular areas of interest/concern for further review that would be helpful.  Barton is taking comments through this week and next week.
Mike 
Let's discuss.  I don't want to overextend our involvement to all regional reliability councils and all working groups. If the MAPP RTC is critical, let's understand why and staff as best we can.
Jim  
Bill, what was your participation and how did you interact with the Enron folk that work MAPP?  Do you think its worthwhile continuing a presence and if so do you have any material that will assist us manage the transition 
cheers
MR
Mike,
I am currently a voting member of the MAPP RTC. I am no longer able to participate with this group. If you have someone in mind to replace me on this group, please do so immediately.
Thank you,
Bill Rust
Jim 
Do have a final copy for my files?  I assume that we submitted?
Jim
I agree with John Shelk to not attack the CBO report.
While the CBO again and again relies upon academic studies to state that generators "may" have withheld power, the basic argument is that "DEREGULATION ITSELF NOT FAIL; RATHER, IT WAS NEVER ACHEIVED."   In addition, the paper states that "MUCH OF THE BLAME FOR CALIFORNIA'S ELECTRICITY CRISIS ATTACHES TO THE STATE'S RESTRUCTURING PLAN -- BUT NOT TO ITS OBJECTIVE, ELECTRICITY DEREGULATION."
In addition, California's response of "DIRECTLY INTERVENING IN THE MARKET -- A RESPONSE THAT COULD PROVE COSTLY TO ELECTRICITY CONSUMERS AND TAXPAYERS."
I hope that we can use this to persuade FERC that they are missing the boat on the Refund case.  The CBO has now stated publicly that the fundamental market conditions and the State's poor plan and actions created the financial and political crisis.  The CBO finds that "WHOLESALE ELECTRICITY PRICES WERE HIGHER THAN THEY PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN IN A TRADITIONALLY REGULATED MARKET OR A MORE FULLY DEREGULATED MARKET"..because "FEATURES OF THE RESTRUCTURING PLAN LIMITED THE RESPONSIVENESS OF THE SUPPLY AND DEMAND SIDES OF THE ELECTRICITY MARKET."
Seems to me that we need to devise a strategy to get this message out (together with our details of the policy failures).  This CBO report clearly undercuts the "political" arguments of the Davis administration who had every opportunity to fix the plan and who has now not only bought into horrible long-term contracts but has passed through 100% of the high costs to consumers.
Jim=20
Subject to receiving more information, my recommendation is not to make a "federal case" out of the CBO report.  In other words, we should be aware of Dave's comments and concerns, but I would not suggest we contact CBO or anything like that.  If others think some response is needed, this is the type of thing EPSA should do, if done at all.  We should refrain from carrying water for the generators.  The report is being written up favorably in the trade press I have seen, largely because the CBO report says that what California did was NOT deregulation and thus the crisis was not caused by deregulation.  That "60,000 feet" view is worth a mint politically and while there are parts of the report that we differ with, I think its value far outweighs its blemishes.
John,
My take on the paper is that is wasn't particularly flattering to the generators/suppliers.  It also paid little attention to the issues that FERC had addressed and that the ISO did not implement.  It is reasonably sound as far as "history of the formation" is concerned but some of their statements and conclusions I have to take issue with. =20
Off the top of my head, they use the term "idle".  In my mind as a utility person, idle means available but just not running.  As they apply the term, they use it to describe any unit not running, either because it was forced off or was off for maintenance, I realize it's only a word, but it carries many different inferences, mostly unfavorable.  Early in the document they refer to possible abuses of market power and the generators withholding supply to manipulate the price.  They never substantiate this claim.  In fact as they proceed though the rest of the paper they build up a good case showing how a series of circumstances actually lead to shortages and high prices, but if a busy staffer only read the beginning they never would have understood the full picture.  They also don't really touch on the lack of supply side response.  According to Greg Conlin, the President of the P{UC when AB1890 in CA was designed, was a key part to the equation, they spend little, if any time discussing how this part of the puzzle never developed.  They also give insuffucient explaination of the "per-se" reasonablness clause....There are other more specific instances I can send to you at a later time.
I left my notes on the document back in my office, I can give you a summary early next week if that's OK.  I am currently fact gathering about PJM and NYISO congestion models with Steve Walton for RTO West 
Thanks,
Dave
Like most sources of information in DC, folks on the Hill pick and choose those that support their pre-conceived policy notions.  Having said that, the CBO is a respected source of information.  I read the summary and have the full report in my "to read" stack.  The summary actually made the report sound largely favorable from our perspective.  It wouldn't hurt to have a little more detail on the problems with the report as you see them so we can decide whether we need to do anthing or just be ready should a CBO witness testify at a hearing. =20
John
John,
How much weight and influence do papers published by the CBO have with policy makers there in DC?  I have some concerns about the general tone and some of the conclusions contained in the report.  If these papers draw little attention, then , no harm, no foul.  But if policy makers tend to draw from these papers, then perhaps we need to correct or address some of the issues raised in this report.
Thanks,
Dave
Talk with John Shelk in our DC office.
Jim
Jim,
Last week some time I had been on the distribution of a paper published by the CBO entitled, "Causes and Lessons of the CA Electricity Crisis".  In reviewing this paper several things struck me.  The paper is not particularly accurate, they make unsubstantiated claims of market power abuse, they ignore the lack of implementation of demand-side response programs that were supposed to be a integral part of the AB1890 and they use inappropriate terms, such as "Idle" when describing plants that were unavailable because of maintenance or repair.
My reason for writing is to ask you, how politically influential is a paper like this?  Are papers published by the CBO looked at as the authority on problems, especially with those associated with the problems experienced in CA?  And if so, because of some of the mis-representations it contains, do we want to develop a fact sheet for our folks in DC to use to refute some of the claims made in this paper?
Thanks,
Dave
David F. Perrino
Director, Government Affairs
Enron Corporation
101 California Street, Suite 1950
San Francisco, CA  94111
Phone: 415.782.7801
Fax: 415.782.7854
Mobile: 415.794.8740
Today after the Hearing I attended lunch with John Anderson and Phil Harris.  One of the primary points of discussion involved what to do to respond to the NERC legislative efforts?
Basically we agreed that a straightforward delegation of authority over reliability to FERC made sense for all of the groups.  Agreeing to that, the idea is to review the Bingaman language and see if our groups could agree to that language 
I think that internally Enron is already there???  John Shelk, if you could pls send out the language to everyone on this e-mail to get agreement that would be very helpful.
I'll let you know how we next proceed.  If anyone has any problems, please let me know 
Thanks.
Lisa 
Who should I send this guy to?  Tim Battaglia?
Thanks.
Hey, Jim! 
How are you and Marianna and Grace doing?  Well, I hope!  I don't know if Jason has mentioned to you that Roger and I have been living in Birmingham, Alabama - no, not in a trailer.  Roger moved here with work last November, and I finally caught up with him early this summer    In the meanwhile, he has left the company he was working for, and we are looking at moving back to Houston.  Roger has spent the last six years in the recyclable steel (steel scrap) trading business as a trader.  We have noticed that Enron is involved in steel trading, as well as coal trading - two areas in which Roger would be very interested pursuing possible opportunities.  I was wondering if you would be able to provide us with a couple of potential contact names of people who work directly over those areas.  I hope I am not putting you on the spot.  We just believe that it would be much more fruitful to be able to make contact in that manner.  If you are not comfortable doing that, I would certainly understand. 
In any event, please drop me a line and let me know how you are doing!  It has been a while.  Was the sailing trip with Jason and Shea the last time I saw you?  That was pretty fun!  I hope Jason hasn't sold the boat.  If we ever do get back to Houston, I would love to do that again.  I haven't talked to Jason since July - when we were able to go to lunch.  I'm hoping he and Shea are still making a go of it.  They would make a great pair!  Anyway, I hope to hear from you soon!  Thanks!   Lisa  
Lisa 
I haven't forgotten about trying to find a name.  Was on vacation in early October.  I will ask around for the right name 
Hope Roger and you are doing well.  Grace is keeping Marianna and me very busy - she's now 19 months and pretty much runs the whole house 
Talk with you soon, 
Jim
Hey, Jim! 
How are you and Marianna and Grace doing?  Well, I hope!  I don't know if Jason has mentioned to you that Roger and I have been living in Birmingham, Alabama - no, not in a trailer.  Roger moved here with work last November, and I finally caught up with him early this summer    In the meanwhile, he has left the company he was working for, and we are looking at moving back to Houston.  Roger has spent the last six years in the recyclable steel (steel scrap) trading business as a trader.  We have noticed that Enron is involved in steel trading, as well as coal trading - two areas in which Roger would be very interested pursuing possible opportunities.  I was wondering if you would be able to provide us with a couple of potential contact names of people who work directly over those areas.  I hope I am not putting you on the spot.  We just believe that it would be much more fruitful to be able to make contact in that manner.  If you are not comfortable doing that, I would certainly understand. 
In any event, please drop me a line and let me know how you are doing!  It has been a while.  Was the sailing trip with Jason and Shea the last time I saw you?  That was pretty fun!  I hope Jason hasn't sold the boat.  If we ever do get back to Houston, I would love to do that again.  I haven't talked to Jason since July - when we were able to go to lunch.  I'm hoping he and Shea are still making a go of it.  They would make a great pair!  Anyway, I hope to hear from you soon!  Thanks!   Lisa  
Sarah & Christi 
Let's make sure that we get our comments together prior to the phone call.  How about a phone call at 8:30 am CDT on Friday?  Also, probably don't need everyone on the EPSA call so maybe we should organize our participation?
Pls let me know.
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Power Marketers Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
DATE: October 10, 2001
RE: DRAFT Leave-Behinds for RTO Week
-Conference Call FRIDAY, October 12th, 11:00 a.m. EDT
Based on discussions last week, several members suggested that EPSA create "big picture" leave-behinds for RTO Week at FERC.  EPSA has drafted bullet points for the leave-behinds, designed to follow the workshop agenda for the week.
We will be holding a conference call on Friday, October 12th, at 11:00 a.m. EDT to prepare for RTO week and discuss the draft leave-behinds.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563 and ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA call.   If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact Julie Simon at 202-628-8200 or jsimon@epsa.org.
Attachment
- bare essentials.doc 
Bryan 
a.	A good resource for you.
b.	Also, if anything is intersting, may want to add.  Key would be MI, NV, and VA discussions.
Jim
Those of you on this e-mail list might recall that several weeks ago I was on a quest for information on retail open access ...in every state 
I have since learned of a website that ENA Legal has had outside counsel prepare that contains an impressive amount of information on the topic.  It includes compliance requirements, summaries of the relevant law, and much more.  I have not studied the website in any detail but have been told that it has been customized for EPMI.  Am forwarding it to you in case you might find it useful in the future.
SSL
As discussed!
Janet
Attached please find a memo describing the first quarter updates that are now 
reflected on the website.  Please note that the login password has been changed 
as follows:
user name:  llgm
password:   astros
If you have any questions or have trouble accessing the site, please give me a 
call.  Please also distribute the new login to members of your team who are not 
listed on the distribution above.
SC
Sandy Cofer
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, LLP
1000 Louisiana, Suite 1400
Houston, Texas 77002
direct dial: 713.287.2002
fax: 713.287.2100
Jim:
Please find attached the report for the month of September, 2001 for Risk Analytics Group.  Please let me know if you have any question.
Brgrds
AI
3-3037
With everything else going on, it has been hard to develop the monthly report for ENA management.
I'd like to re-start this report and provide an update at the beginning of September.
While I am aware of some efforts, I am sure that I don't know about everything that is critical and on-going 
I need get a list of projects that your teams are working on for Deal Support, Regulatory Risk, and Advocacy.  I am truly at a loss for current deals that Government Affairs is supporting and our expectation of closing dates.
For each project, I need lead Government Affairs person, financial impact (our your best guess), background and key issues, and strategies and next steps.
This list does not need to be exhaustive, but simply the major activities currently underway.
Thanks - I appreciate your help,
Jim
Do you want to do this?
Jim
Jim,
Thanks for getting back to me.  Betsy's dance card is too full, so she's had to decline.  Regardless, your insights would be quite useful and welcome.  Please let me know as soon as you do whether or not you can participate.
Lynne
"Steffes, James D." wrote:
 Lynne >
 I am very sorry that I have not yet responded to your e-mail.  I am
 trying to firm up my calendar.  Not sure that Excelon and Enron will
 differ greatly on the key lessons learned.