- Extreme Sports.jpg
Some of these are cute!
Thought you guys might get a kick out of these 
- I146_1.GIF
- I133_1.GIF
- I131_1.GIF
- I129_1.GIF
- I126_1.GIF
- I125_1.GIF
- I120_1.GIF
- ad2.jpg
- ad.jpg
- Jesus.jpg
- I151_1.GIF
Outlook Migration Team@
05/14/2001 01:26 PM
Current Notes User: 
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, 
simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:        Andrea Ring  
Login ID:  hulahoop1
Extension:  35775
Office Location:  3223E
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  No
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  No
If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  No
If yes, who 
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  No
If yes, who 
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  No
If yes, which shared calendar 
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)? No
If yes, please list here 
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  Mailbox
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?  No
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY 
Hi!
I sent a message to the above address - please let me know if I 
need to do anything additional.
Thank You!
Hi!
Rod Banks at Mariner Energy, Inc. requested I send you a note to 
confirm that for the month of January, 2001,  Enron did not purchase any of 
Mariner's interest in Garden Banks 236.  Enron did have a nomination in place 
for 1MMBtu/d and was allocated 42MMBtu.  This nomination was an error.  Enron 
and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner's current 
purchaser.  Please call me at (713) 853 - 5775 if this would be a problem.
Thank you!
Hi!
I submitted the claim by mail earlier this week - this is the 
third claim in a row I have had to send more than once.  I have only 
submitted three in the last several years and have had problems with all of 
them.
Thanks for listening!
I resubmitted the claim by mail and have not heard anything  -  the service I 
have received from the customer service department in the last six months has 
been terrible - one delay after another  - lost claims.  It is very 
frustrating.  I will let you know when I get a response 
Thank you!
This is wonderful - thanks for the memories!  Love ya! 
Beverly -  once again thanks so much for your help on this.
The deals should have been corrected in Sitara by now - if not please check 
with Beverly.
Thank 
You!
-
?????????????PAKISTAN HOLIDAY VACATION 
?????A married couple were on holiday vacation in Pakistan. They were 
?????touring around the marketplace looking 
?????at the goods and such, when they passed this small sandal shop. From 
?????inside they heard a gentleman with a Pakistani accent say, 
?????You foreigners! Come in. Come indo my humble shop 
?????So the married couple walked in. The Pakistani man said to them, "I 
?????have some special sandals I tink you would be interested in. Dey make 
?????you wild at sex like a great desert camel 
?????While, the wife was really interested in buying the sandals after what 
?????the man claimed, her husband felt he really didn't need them, being 
?????the sex god that he was. 
?????The husband asked the man, "How could sandals make you into a sex 
?????freak 
?????The Pakistani man replied, "Just try dem on, Saiheeb 
?????The husband, after much badgering from his wife, finally conceded to 
?????try them on. As soon as he slipped them onto his feet, he got this 
?????wild look in his eyes; something his wife hadn't seen in many years ?????raw sexual power. 
?????In the blink of an eye, the husband grabbed the Pakistani man, bent 
?????him over a table and yanked down his 
?????pants. He then ripped down his own pants and grabbed a firm hold of 
?????the Pakistani. 
?????The Pakistani then began screaming, 
?????"YOU HAVE DEM ON DE WRONG FEET!"
Hi!
The sitara deal # is 527410.
Hope this helps!
I THINK THIS IS THE SAME GUY WE HAD IN OMAHA - HE WAS VERY ENTERTAINING WITH 
SOLID INFORMATION.
Hi, ladies,  I just finished taking the most amazing self-defense
class, sponsored by Shandwick, and I wanted to share some really 
valuable info with you before it goes out of my head.  The guy 
who taught the class has a female friend who was attacked last 
year in the parking garage at Westport Plaza in St. Louis one 
night after work and taken to an abandoned house and raped He started a women's group and began teaching these classes
soon after. This guy is a black belt in karate and trains twice 
a year with Steven Segall. He and the  others in this group 
interviewed a bunch of rapists and date rapists in  prison on 
what they look for and here's some interesting facts:
The #1 thing men look for in a potential victim is hairstyle They are most likely to go after a woman with a ponytail, bun, 
braid or other hairstyle that can easily be grabbed.  They are 
also likely to go after a woman with long hair. Women with short 
hair are not common targets 
The second thing men look for is clothing.  They will look for 
women who's clothing is easy to remove quickly.  The #1 outfit 
they look for is overalls because many of them carry scissors 
around to cut clothing and on overalls the straps can be easily cut.
They also look for women on their cell phone, searching through their
purse or doing other activities while walking because they are off
guard and can be easily overpowered.
The time of day men are most likely to attack and rape a woman is
in the early morning, between 5 and 8:30 a.m. The number one place 
women are abducted from/attacked at is grocery store parking lots. 
Number two is office parking lots/garages. Number three is public 
rest rooms.
The thing about these men is that they are looking to grab a woman
and quickly move her to a second location where they don't have to
worry about getting caught.  Only 2% said they carried weapons 
because rape carries a 3-5 year sentence but rape with a weapon 
is 15-20 years. If you put up any kind of a fight at all, they get 
discouraged because it only takes a minute or two for them to 
realize that going after you isn't worth it because it will be 
time-consuming. 
These men said they will not pick on women who have umbrellas, 
or other similar objects that can be used from a distance, in
their hands.  Keys are not a deterrent because you have to get 
really close to the attacker to use them as a weapon.  So, the 
idea is to convince these guys you're not worth it. 
Several defense mechanisms he taught us are:
* If someone is following behind you on a street or in a garage
or with you in an elevator or stairwell, look them in the face 
and ask them a question, like what time is it, or make general 
small talk, I can't believe it is so cold out here, we're in 
for a bad winter.  Now you've seen their face and could identify
them in a lineup, you lose appeal as a target.
* If someone is coming toward you, hold out your hands in front 
of you and yell Stop or Stay back!  Most of the rapists this man
talked to said they'd leave a woman alone if she yelled or showed 
that she would not be afraid to fight back.  Again, they are 
looking for an EASY target.  If you carry pepper spray (this 
instructor was a huge advocate of it and carries it with him 
wherever he goes), yelling I HAVE PEPPER SPRAY and holding it
out will be a deterrent.
* If someone grabs you, you can't beat them with strength but you
can by outsmarting them. If they grab your wrist, pull your wrist
back so your hand is in waving position (palm facing forward) and
twist it toward yourself and pull your arm away. It is hard to 
hold onto wrist bones that are moving in that way. They stumble 
toward you and you stumble back, so you can use that momentum to 
bring the same out and backhand them with your knuckles in the 
forehead, nose or teeth.
* If you are grabbed around the waist from behind, pinch the attacker
either under the arm between the elbow and armpit or in the upper
inner thigh. HARD. One woman in a class this guy taught told him 
she used the underarm pinch on a guy who was trying to date rape her
and was so upset she broke through the skin and tore out muscle 
strands - the guy needed stitches.
Try pinching yourself in those places as hard as you can stand it.
It hurts.
* After the initial hit, always go for the groin. I know from a
particularly unfortunate experience that if you slap a guy's balls 
(sorry to be graphic) it is extremely painful. You might think that 
you'll piss the guy off and make him want to hurt you more, but the 
thing these rapists told our instructor is that they want a woman 
who will not cause a lot of trouble.
Start causing trouble and he's out of there.
* When the guy puts his hands up to you, grab his first two fingers
and bend them back as far as possible with as much pressure pushing 
down on them as possible. The instructor did it to me without using 
much pressure and I ended up on my knees and both knuckles cracked 
audibly.
Of course the things we always hear still apply.  Always be aware of
your surroundings, take someone with you if you can and if you see 
any odd behavior, don't dismiss it, go with your instincts. You may 
feel a little silly at the time, but you'd feel much worse if the guy 
really was trouble.
Please forward this to any woman you know, it's simple stuff that
could save her life.
- pic06208.pcx
- pic02115.pcx
Elizabeth,
Sorry it took me so long to respond to you - use the prices 
Altrade is indicating - I probably just wrote them down incorrectly.  I have 
found in past experiences with discrepencies that Altrade is usually correct 
and this is not a large amount in question.
Thank You!
Sorry,
I changed the deal ticket to $10.50.
Thank You!
Tammi DePaolis@
01/04/2001 02:43 PM
Ann Mora
01/04/2001 02:01 PM
Each quarter I will evaluate the classes (mainly attendance) to see how well 
they are performing.  Then I will be able to make adjustments to the schedule 
accordingly.  Our goal is to get people to try new things and not just go 
back to what they did before.  We have spent a lot of time and money getting 
brand new weights, spinning bikes and cardio equipment in here and want you 
all to have a chance to try it out.  Just give this schedule a try for a 
while when we open and keep me posted with your feedback.  Thanks!
Ann Mora
Tammi DePaolis
01/04/2001 01:56 PM
Ann, do you think if there is not as many people participating in the 
spinning classes at lunch, you would offer additional spinning classes in the 
evening?  I noticed there is a spinning class offered every day at lunch but 
only one class offered in the evening.   There  are numerous people who were 
hoping to enjoy spinning two times a week but due to our work environment we 
are only able to work out in the evenings, period.     In addition,  we were 
hoping to do Bootcamp the other two remaining evenings, which looks like 
right now it is only offered on Monday and previously it was offered both 
Monday and  Wednesday 
Is it possible that  if you do not have very much participation for the 
"total body conditioning class"  on Tuesday & Thursday you could replace it 
with another spin class and another bootcamp class.    Or maybe the "total 
body conditioning class" could be moved to  Monday and Wednesday and then it 
would free up the studio to have Bootcamp on Tuesday & Thrusday.   Then if 
you hopefully add another spin class you could insert it on Monday so you 
would be offering an evening spin class both Monday and Wednesday.   That 
would be wonderful 
Also do you think before the spin class (s) in the evening  an "ab lab" class 
could be added before the beginning of class like at 5:30 pm 
Any feedback you have would be great.   For a lot of us who have to work-out 
in the evenings only we hoping to be able to at least do a spin class  
acouple of times and then a boot camp a couple of times.     If  there is 
enough particiaption for this do you know how long it will take to get set 
up 
Thank you for all of you help, comments or suggestons 
Tricia Spence
01/05/2001 08:55 AM
This is a riot!
Molly
(See attached file: home_depot_darwin.doc)
- home_depot_darwin.doc
Tricia Spence
01/05/2001 08:55 AM
This is a riot!
Molly
(See attached file: home_depot_darwin.doc)
- home_depot_darwin.doc
Thanks Victor!
In case you hadn't seen this one yet 
- catching snowflakes.jpg
Yikes!