After a two and a half hour delay -- mostly caused by the extra security -- we finally got off the ground yesterday and I am now back in Houston.  I talked to Amanda after I checked in and she said you were on the train to the airport.  Did you have any trouble?
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I made it back to Houston last night.  Incredible security at the airport in London -- it was a mob scene.  In addition to the usual stuff there was an additional search of all carry-ons by hand at the gate and all passengers were patted down by a guard before entering the gate.  I saw several passengers questioned on the plane about their checked luggage -- I couldn't really hear what it was all about.  We were delayed about two and a half hours but it made it feel a little safer.  The Brits were all very nice of course while I was in London but it sure is good to be home 
I'm surprised that under the circumstances American won't just do it.  Linda and I both had to reschedule our flights and did it directly with the airline (Continental for me and Virgin for Linda).  Of course, in our cases the original flights were cancelled.  I don't have the Cunard reservations number here and haven't been able to access the web site this afternoon.  I will get it for you when I get home.  The fax number for the guest relations department is (305)463-3030.
In a sense I felt safer in London than here.  Once we got off the QE2 we weren't doing anything that would have made us attractive targets and I don't anticipate attacks against individual Americans overseas -- at least not outside of Muslim countries.  While there was an increase in police presence around town, we didn't hear of any actual threats to Americans while we were in London.  Airport security has been better there than here for a long time and now has been beefed up even further.  The Europeans just have more recent experience at dealing with terrorists than we do.  The sword rattling doesn't bother me too much.  I've been overseas during some tense international times before and as long as you're in a friendly country it shouldn't be an issue.  On the other hand, it REALLY feels good to be home and I can sure understand your wanting to have her with you.
From her point of view, I think that while the Brits were all being very sympathetic and supportive, the tragedy just isn't as immediate there and so the impact on Amanda has been somewhat less than if we had been home.  Given that, I think she doesn't want to waste this opportunity to do something fun in Europe while she has the chance and is already over there.  For me I have to say it was hard to have any fun after Tuesday noon, although I tried to put a good face on it.  I don't know when that will improve since I'm still pretty depressed.  It's probably even worse for you since you were so much closer to things than I am.  The lawyer in me sees two sides: (a) a trip to Paris is just the thing to take your mind off of events and (b) why waste a week of vacation and travel hassles when you aren't going to have a good time no matter where you go.
Feel free to give me a call if you want to chat.
Good luck!
Mark
Mark -- I am trying to reschedule Amanda's return ticket.  I understand from
American that I have to do it through Cunard.  Do you have a contact over
there?  If not I'll just do the 800 number thing.
I want her to come home.  We will take a stateside vacation over the next
week and not linger over there.  What is your opinion?  Did you feel unsafe
there?  There is a lot of sword rattling going on right now.
Bill
Sounds like a plan to me.  Make sure they've given her an actual seat assignment or she may show up at the airport and get bumped.
You might try these:
In Sedona:
Enchantment Resort (I recommend hiking!, jeep tours, spa)
In Scottsdale/Phoenix:
Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale at Troon North (haven't been but it gets good reviews)
The Phoenician (huge rooms, great spa, mother-of-pearl lined swimming pool)
The Boulders (also highly rated)
At the Canyon
El Tovar Hotel (reportedly the nicest hotel in the park, not necessarily up to Hayman standards but might work for a night)
In Tucson (pretty far from the Grand Canyon):
The Lodge at Ventanna Canyon
Thanks for your thoughts Mark.  I may call you as well.  I think we have it
worked out.  I was able to change the return flight to tomorrow.  I am
working on putting together a quick trip out West as a consolation for
Amanda.  She always wanted to see Grand Canyon.  I know that pales in
comparison to a Paris cafe but it will have to do for now.  I am generally
dismissive of the risks of travelling but this event has affected me deeply.
And I think you are right that Amanda hasn't felt that yet.  I would love to
ignore it or downplay it but I can't.
Do you know of any spa/resort type places in the Southwest that would meet
the Hayman standard?  (I know you know what I mean by the Hayman standard).
Thanks again, Bill.
I'm surprised that under the circumstances American won't just do it.
Linda and I both had to reschedule our flights and did it directly with the
airline (Continental for me and Virgin for Linda).  Of course, in our cases
the original flights were cancelled.  I don't have the Cunard reservations
number here and haven't been able to access the web site this afternoon.  I
will get it for you when I get home.  The fax number for the guest
relations department is (305)463-3030.
In a sense I felt safer in London than here.  Once we got off the QE2 we
weren't doing anything that would have made us attractive targets and I
don't anticipate attacks against individual Americans overseas -- at least
not outside of Muslim countries.  While there was an increase in police
presence around town, we didn't hear of any actual threats to Americans
while we were in London.  Airport security has been better there than here
for a long time and now has been beefed up even further.  The Europeans
just have more recent experience at dealing with terrorists than we do.
The sword rattling doesn't bother me too much.  I've been overseas during
some tense international times before and as long as you're in a friendly
country it shouldn't be an issue.  On the other hand, it REALLY feels good
to be home and I can sure understand your wanting to have her with you.
From her point of view, I think that while the Brits were all being very
sympathetic and supportive, the tragedy just isn't as immediate there and
so the impact on Amanda has been somewhat less than if we had been home.
Given that, I think she doesn't want to waste this opportunity to do
something fun in Europe while she has the chance and is already over there.
For me I have to say it was hard to have any fun after Tuesday noon,
although I tried to put a good face on it.  I don't know when that will
improve since I'm still pretty depressed.  It's probably even worse for you
since you were so much closer to things than I am.  The lawyer in me sees
two sides: (a) a trip to Paris is just the thing to take your mind off of
events and (b) why waste a week of vacation and travel hassles when you
aren't going to have a good time no matter where you go.
Feel free to give me a call if you want to chat.
Good luck!
Mark
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22McGovern+2C+20William+22+20+3CMcGovernW+40SEC+2EGOV+3E
+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Monday, September 17, 2001 1:13 PM
Mark -- I am trying to reschedule Amanda's return ticket.  I understand
from
American that I have to do it through Cunard.  Do you have a contact
over
there?  If not I'll just do the 800 number thing.
I want her to come home.  We will take a stateside vacation over the
next
week and not linger over there.  What is your opinion?  Did you feel
unsafe
there?  There is a lot of sword rattling going on right now.
Bill
Looks good to me.  One remaining concern is that section (d) may not provide much protection.  According to the power trading lawyers who have worked with the FERC in the past, they never provide protection for what we would consider confidential commercial information even when they have the authority to do so.  If we want that kind of protection, it should be mandated, not made possible by regulatory action.  I'm not necessarily recommending a change, I just don't want anyone to be taking any comfort from section (d).
This is the language that I referred to in my email.  I have sent this to Brad and Greg as well.  I have been working with Brad to refine the language in a way that gives them the least amount of heartburn.
Let me know what you think.
Lisa
Linda  - Here is the draft changes to the Bingaman electricity bill for your discussion with Louise.  They draw from Ken Raisler's comments and Lisa's review.  Houston would prefer to have the language deleted, which John reports is highley unlikely.  John also reports that the changes should be simple and clean - we think these meet that criterea 
If you have not already done so this week, please remember to update your work reports for me this afternoon.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I'll be on the call.
We have scheduled a U.S. Regulatory Committee Conference Call for this
Friday, September 21, 2001 at 10:00 a.m to discuss the following items:
1) September 11 Disaster - ISDA activities and regulatory response
2) Bankruptcy Reform - update on August activities.
Call Details:
NUMBER: 888-904-9318
PASSCODE: USREG
LEADER: Stacy Carey
Due to the many office disruptions experienced last week please RSVP for
this meeting. Please contact myself or Scott Marra: smarra@isda.org to let
us know if you are able to participate.
Stacy Carey
Policy Director
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Thanks for making my morning.  I'm still grinning at the image of your bags going back and forth across the Atlantic.
I saw the emergency command center on TV the other night and it looked just like that huge room where we stood in line and checked in for the ship.  I think that's why they can't dock in ny.
Has Amanda made it back yet?
Andrea found the bags. They are still on the QE2 going back and forth across the ocean.  The QE2 can't come to ny. It is going to dock in boston on sept 28. They are going to ups our two bags to us from boston.
What about Noble?  Has he moved into his new place in midtown yet?
Amanda came back yesterday.  Bill didn't want to fly to Europe and Amanda was able to get on a flight back.  They are going to take a little vacation here in the U.S.
Skadden was amazingly lucky.  We have so many people it seems impossible that we didn't have anyone in the blast.  A messenger who works for a messenger service was delivering a package for us and he is unaccounted for.  And in the case of family members, so far only one associate has reported a missing brother.   It is so amazing how lucky we were.
I have a paralegal who lives in the blast area - Claudia Hong - but she came to work early that day.  She can't get in her apartment so I am looking for temporary housing for her.  She is on Oscar's couch ( you met Oscar at the party) right now.  But I have to find something better.  Let me know if you know anyone in Manhattan who has an empty apt for a week or two.
Keep in touch
>>  Thanks for making my morning.  I'm still grinning at the image of your bags
going back and forth across the Atlantic.
I saw the emergency command center on TV the other night and it looked just
like that huge room where we stood in line and checked in for the ship.  I
think that's why they can't dock in ny.
Has Amanda made it back yet?
Andrea found the bags. They are still on the QE2 going back and forth
across the ocean.  The QE2 can't come to ny. It is going to dock in
boston on sept 28. They are going to ups our two bags to us from boston.
A/C # 52507000 , CC # 000000 , Amt         5093.99 ,
PK # 40 , Comp 1206 , TaxCd U4 , TaxJC 4420114401 , Matl 9000151 ,
Order 500006628 ,
The above coding needs a Cost center number, SAP will kick it out without one. 
Please respond back with the information. 
Tre'va Muhammad 
Enron Accounts Payable 
(    (713) 548-6035 
(713) 957-6323 fax 
* Treva.Muhammad@Sourcenetsolutions.com 
Integrity, Client, Astonishment, Respect, Excellence 
Example 1
Party A calculates that it is in the money $100 (which results in a "Loss" to Party A from the termination)
Party B calculates that it is out of the money $98 (which results in a "Gain" to Party B from the termination)
There are no Unpaid Amounts
The Payment Amount is 50 percent of ($100 + $98) = $99
Since the Payment Amount is positive Party B (the Party with the net Gain) pays $99 to Party A (the party with the net Loss)
Example 2
Same as example 1 except Party A owes $150 in Unpaid Amounts to Party B and Party B owes Party A $12 in Unpaid Amounts
The Payment Amount is (a) 50 percent of ($100 + $98) plus (b) $12 minus (c) $150 = negative $39
Since the Payment Amount is negative Party A (the party with the net Loss) pays $39 to Party B (the party with the net Gain)
Let me know if you need any further explanation.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I hope you can all join us for happy hour tomorrow from 6:00 at Christopher's Wine Bar.  Christopher's is located at 2516 Times Blvd. in Rice Village.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
While I think the law actually works that way, we have avoided putting it in writing so far.  The way the web site works, the decision to accept or reject the offer happens almost instantaneously so the question is almost meaningless.  The time we care is when the internet slows down or the connection goes down and they don't see that we accepted their offer and then they try to get out.  I guess the other question would be how do they withdraw the offer?  The website doesn't provide a mechanism for that.  If we say it has to be in writing and delivered to the relevant trader, in practice it might not be an issue.
Mark:  We met briefly about 2 months ago when I interviewed here.  I just joined Wayne in the coal group and am working on a Master Coal Purchase and Sale Agreement.  The counterparty has suggested some language (highlighted below) which sounds o.k. to me.  However, Wayne suggested I run it by you to see if it worked with the way the website actually operates.  Please advise.
Thanks,
John Boomer
x59502
(b) A Transaction may also be initiated by Counterparty offering to buy or sell Coal by clicking on the designated boxes on the Enron Online Website.  Such website is not, and shall not be construed as, an offer to buy or sell by ENA.  ENA may accept or reject Counterparty's offer at its sole discretion and Counterparty may withdraw offer at any time prior to acceptance at its sole discretion.  A Transaction shall be deemed executed at the time that ENA first signifies its acceptance of Counterparty's offer, accessible on such website.  ENA may also send a written confirmation memorializing the Special Terms and Conditions of a Transaction, but in the event of any conflict, the terms of the written confirmation shall prevail. The terms and conditions of this Master Agreement shall govern any Transaction(s) initiated on such website.
Go for it.
Mark, 
May I have your permission to proceed with ordering a new desktop hard drive for Samantha Boyd?   Please see supporting documentation below.  Thank you.
Keegan
Keegan:
If Samantha's machine has cratered, yes, it's okay with me to order her a new machine.  Please get with Jason Sherman regarding the standard desktop model to be ordered.  Thanks.
Good morning Janette,
I need to order Samantha a new desktop hard drive.  With your permission, and Mark Taylor's permission, what model do you suggest I order?  Please advise.  Thanks!
Keegan
5-3317
Keegan,
Samantha's hard drive crashed today, I'm having hardware look at it, but you might want to speak with Janette about ordering Samantha a new machine, she has an older compaq desktop that has had several major hardware failures over the last 6 months. Hardware can replace the hard drive but in order to save in time and productivity, a new machine might need to be considered. Let me know.
Jason
I hope you can all join us for happy hour tomorrow from 6:00 at Christopher's Wine Bar.  Christopher's is located at 2516 Times Blvd. in Rice Village.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Hopefully just a nuisance.
Mark 
I read about the Bid/Ask lawsuit.  Is this a serious lawsuit, or just a nuisance?  Thanks, Lisa
ya gotta love it 
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
After more than three decades of living in Ohio, I know how to be an
Ohioan.  While I was learning,
written guidelines would have been helpful. So I've written some to
assist others.
1.  Know the state casserole.  The state casserole consists of canned
green beans, Campbell's cream of
mushroom soup and dried onions. You can safely  take this casserole to
any social event and know that
you will be accepted.   In fact, Neil Armstrong almost took this
casserole to the moon in case
he encountered alien life there.  NASA nixed the plan out of concern
that the casserole would
overburden the Apollo rocket at liftoff.
2.  Get used to food festivals.  The Ohio General Assembly, in an effort
to  grow bigger offensive
linemen, passed legislation years ago requiring every  incorporated
community to have at least one
festival per year dedicated to  a  high-fat food.  Thus, Sugarcreek
honors Swiss cheese, Bucyrus  has a
bratwurst celebration and Gahanna, seeking an edge over other towns, has
recently introduced the
Triglyceride and Low-density Lipoprotein Festival.   It is your duty as
an Ohioan to attend these
festivals and at least buy an elephant ear.
3.  Know the geography.  Of Florida, I mean.  I've run into Ohioans who
couldn't tell you where Toledo
is but they know the exact distance from Fort Myers to Bonita Springs.
That's because all Ohioans go
to Florida in the winter.  Or plan to when they retire.  Or are related
to retired Ohioans who have a
place in Sarasota.  We consider Florida to be the Lower Peninsula of
Ohio.
4.  If you can't afford to spend the winter in Florida, use the state
excuse, which is that you stay here
because you like the change of seasons.  You'll  be lying, but that's
OK.  We've all done it.
5.  Speaking of Ohio weather, wear layers or die.  The thing to remember
about Ohio seasons is that
they can occur at anytime.  We have springlike days in January and
wintry weekends in October. April
is capable  of providing a sampling of all four seasons in a single
24-hour period. For these reasons,
Ohio is the Layering Capital of the World. Even layering, however, can
pose danger.  Golfers have been
known to dress for hypothermia  and end up dead of heat stroke because
they couldn't strip off their
layers of plaid fast enough on a changeable spring morning.
6.  Don's take Ohio place names literally.  Upper Sandusky is below
regular Sandusky.  Circleville is
square.  East Liverpool has no counterpart to the west.  Also, if a town
has the same name as a foreign
capital.....Lima or Berlin, for example......you must not pronounce it
that way lest you come under
suspicion as a spy.  Hence, it's not LEE-ma as in Peru, but LYE-ma as in
bean, and it's BER~lin, not
BerLIN, like in Germany.
7.  Become mulch literate.  Ohioans love mulch and appreciate its subtle
differences.  Learn the
difference between hardwood, cypress and pine bark at  a minimum.
Researchers think the state
affinity for mulch derives from its relatively flat terrain.  People
have a subconscious need for
topography,  and when it can't be supplied naturally, they are more
likely to make little mulch hillocks
in their front yards.
8.  In order to talk sports with obsessive fans in Ohio, you have to be
knowledgeable on three
levels-professional, college and high school. The truly expert Ohio
sports fan knows not only the name
of the hotshot quarterback at Abercrombie and Fitch High School, but
also what colleges he's
interested in, how much he bench-presses, who he took to the prom and
what he got on his biology quiz
last week.
9.  Remember that Ohioans are never the first to embrace trends. When we
do embrace them, we do so
with a Midwestern pragmatism. For example, if you see an Ohioan with a
nose ring, there's a good
chance he's had it undercoated  to guard against rust.
10.  The best way to sell something in Ohio is to attach the term
"Amish" to  it.  The product need not
be genuinely Amish.  This would explain the existence of Amish moo shu
pork.
I hope you found this guide to be useful.  If it offends you, please let
me know and I will bring green
bean casserole to your home to make amends.
- Linda Hayman.vcf 
.
Mark,
I wanted to verify that we were still on for noon today. I will meet you at the cafeteria downstairs.
Thanks
Rob Nichols 
Your comments are needed for MaryAnn Perez who sat in for Holly Keiser on Thursday, September 20.  Please return as soon as possible.  Thank you!-Becky
Ratings: Excellent = 5 Above Average = 4 Average = 3 Below Average = 2 Poor = 1
Initiative:		___3______
Cooperation:	___4______
Punctuality:	___5______
Attendance:		___5______
Quality of Work:	___4______
Rate the worker's skill level in relation to the job :____4_____
Would you request this person again? (Y/N) :____y_____
Comments:
Mark,
Could you (or Frank) please verify for Marc that Enron Liquid Fuels, Inc. may do both the Physical and Financial sides of the "Oz" transaction.
Thank you,
Jeff
Looks OK to me.
Mark-
I am one of the editors for the Exchange Newsmagazine (the EWS external customer publication).  It is approval time and Legal needs to sign off on this article on business web sites.  If you are not the appropriate person to read and approve this, please direct me to the right one.  I need this back by Friday, Sept. 28, if possible.
Thank you.
Kathie Grabstald
Enron Public Relations
713-853-9610
The first one looks ok to me as long as someone has checked the accuracy of the reference to Gas Daily.
I have trouble with the second one.  This really looks like a basis swap so I think we need to start with basis swap language.  Can you call me on this one?
Mark,
Please see the 2 new Gas Daily indexes requested by Pete Keavey. He is considering replacing the existing HeHub products with this new electronic trading index.  Let us know if the language looks OK.
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
US Gas Daily     HHub Elec               Oct01           USD/MM
US Gas Daily     IF GD/D Hhub Elec       Oct01           USD/MM
Sounds good to me.
Mark:
The PLI has a 2-day seminar in Houston on Nov. 5 and 6 which I would like to attend (mega-refresher course for me).  The cost is $1295.  Although I have been looking for a seminar about equity derivatives, this seminar will be helpful in the context of ENE forwards and other affiliated equity deals from the securities vantage point.  Sara
Let me know if you would like to see the brochure 
Sara 
Sara Shackleton
Enron Wholesale Services
1400 Smith Street, EB3801a
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  (713) 853-5620
Fax: (713) 646-3490
Do you have time to look at this?
Hi Mark,
Attached is a Service Level Agreement for our deal with Global View Software.  Forthcoming will be two attachments - one that gives EOL contact names and numbers and one that outlines the hardware in detail.  I assume that neither will have any bearing on the SLA.  We would like to see it turned around in a week or so if at all possible.  Global View actually has the hardware and we are in the middle of some user acceptance testing.  Please give me a call if any questions.
Thanks,
Fred Philipson
5-9323
Commodity Derivatives
Mark Taylor, Assistant General Counsel
I.       Documentation Issues
A.    Cross-defaults
"Specified Transactions"
Keep physical and financial trading separate or tie together?
B.     Calculation of termination amounts
Market Quotation or Loss?
C.    Adequate Assurance provisions
D.    Credit considerations
Recent price volatility - dramatic swings in exposure
E.     Documents to be delivered
Resolutions may tell you more than you need to know
Authorized trader lists are a two edged sword
F.     Dispute resolution mechanisms
Waiver of jury trial, arbitration?
G.    Confidentiality
H.    Market Disruption Events
De Minimis Trading?
Tax disruption?
Trading limitation - definition
I.        Market Disruption Fallbacks
Get Commercial Input!
Postponement
Fallback Reference Price
Negotiated Fallback (specify period to negotiate)
Dealer quotations
No-fault termination?
II.     Counterparty Issues
A.    Issues
1.                  Authority of signer
2.                  Power of Counterparty
3.                  Bankruptcy
B.     Counterparty Types
1.                  Governmental and Quasi-Governmental Entities
a)                 Municipalities
b)                 Municipally owned utilities
c)                  Crown corporations (Canada)
2.                  Regulated Entities
a)                 Utilities
C.    Solutions
1.                  Documentation
Additional representations and warranties
"Incipient Illegality"
Automatic early termination?
2.                  Due diligence
3.                  Legal opinions, advice of local counsel
4.                  Resolutions, officers' certificates
III.  International Trading
A.    Choosing Local Counsel
B.     Local Law Issues
1.                  Capacity & authority
2.                  Credit support matters
3.                  Exchange controls
4.                  Licenses
5.                  Choice of law, enforcement of judgements & arbitral awards
6.                  Sovereign immunity
7.                  Gaming statutes
8.                  Marketing restrictions
9.                  Tax matters
a)                 Withholding
b)                 Value-added
c)                  Stamp
d)                 Turnover
10.             Insolvency - netting
11.             Oral contracts
12.             Setoff
13.             Usury
Thanks for your note.  Just so you have the whole picture -- our analysis from a US law perspective is that there is a tension between wanting the transactions on the system to be enforceable and wanting out of the mistake trades.  The offline unwind is by far the best approach when the mistake is not blatant since it assumes the binding nature of the original trade.  We have been handling these by using a written termination rather than a reverse trade.  This is universally the approach we have taken when our traders have agreed to let a customer out of a trade the customer claims was done by mistake on their part.  This happens often enough that we have given the confirm desk a termination agreement form to use as needed (Tana can get you a copy if you want it).  But when the counterparty refuses to let us out of a trade that is a mistake on our part, our only hope is that the mistake is so blatant that we can claim mutual mistake.  Under US law when there is mutual mistake the contract is actually never formed.  In that case, the original trade is not enforceable and there is nothing to unwind.  One alternative we have used is to simply remove the transaction from the customer's "completed transactions" section as if it had never happened.  As far as I know, we have only had to do this once or twice.
Mark
We do have mistakes from time to time, as you suspected.  In almost all cases, the respective traders agree to cancel these by entering into a back to back offline trade.  None has been of sufficiemt gravity to be brought to my attention
J
Is P&G approved to trade derivatives online?
mark 
fyi
J
I have run the reports again this morning and we do not have any deals with Proctor & Gamble that were concluded online.
Arfan
I have run some report queries and it appears that although they have read the ETA and have about 10 users they have never traded online.  I will run the report again tomorrow morning when it is quieter on the system to be doubly sure.
Thanks
Arfan
If you have ever traded cash-settled commodity or weather derivatives with this entity, please would you let me know
Thanks
J
I can't be on this call - do you have time?
The call is at 11:30 a.m.  -- Stacy
Create Limit Order 
Clicking Submit in the Create Limit Order panel creates an order that will remain in the EnronOnline system until the order is either filled at your specified price or expires after a specified time limit. If, during that time, the price you entered falls between the Enron's  Bid and Offer posted on EnronOnline, then EnronOnline [m1] will change [m2] its price to show a new market with a tighter spread that reflects your limit order the price at which you are willing to trade with us*.
You can cancel an existing limit order at any time before it is filled by highlighting the order in the Today's Orders screen and clicking Cancel.
*Multiple limit orders for the same price will be prioritized by the time of submission. Only limit orders that are between EnronOnline's Bid and Offer prices will create a new EnronOnline market on the Quotes screen.
_____  
[m1]EnronOnline itself isn't trading so we need to be careful not to give that impression.
[m2]This is the key! - we are changing our price, not showing their price.
FYI
AGENT AA/MC BOOKING REF Y6ABH8
TAYLOR/MARK E
EB 3889
ETKT RECEIPT
ENRON CORP
DATE:  SEP 27 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  14NOV HOUSTON TX     SAN ANT TX     332P    428P
CO 1522    T          WED   G.BUSH INTERCO SAN ANTONIO IN
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL 2
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:56 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: MCDONNELL DOUGLAS MD-80 ALL SERIES
SEAT 08C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARK E(I
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  16NOV SAN ANT TX     HOUSTON TX     355P    449P
CO 678     T          FRI   SAN ANTONIO IN G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL 2     TERMINAL C
NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         0:54 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-800
SEAT 11C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARK E(I
YOUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: UFN233
THIS IS A NON-REFUNDABLE FARE THAT REQUIRES
TRAVEL ON THESE SPECIFIC DATES AND FLIGHTS.
ANY CHANGES WILL RESULT IN A PENALTY AND/OR
ADDITIONAL COLLECTION.
YOUR TICKET REFLECTS A NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT FROM THE TAP
THE PUBLISHED FARE FOR THIS TICKET IS $65.50
MISCELLANEOUS         16MAR HOUSTON TX
SAT   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP 
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UFN233
TAYLOR/MARK E  S0C0413R1056              TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7034506273
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC471253
ASSISTANT: HOLLY KEISER 713-345-7893
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
.............NEW FAA REQUIREMENTS CHECK IN AT LEAST 2 HOURS PRIOR TO FLIGHT DEPARTURE
FOR DOMESTIC, 3 HOURS FOR INTERNATIONAL. NO CURBSIDE CHECK IN.
BOARDING PASS REQUIRED TO GO THROUGH SECURITY. OBTAIN FROM THE
TICKET COUNTER OR FROM ETKT MACHINES IN THE TICKET COUNTER AREA.
AT THE TICKET COUNTER PRESENT YOUR ETKT PASSENGER RECEIPT OR
ETKT CONFIRMATION ITINERARY FROM THE TRAVEL AGENCY.
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
OUR ETKT CONFIRMATION NUMBER IS: U F N 2 3 3
E-TICKET 005-7034506273 ISSUED 26SEP01 - $55.28.
Mark,
This reservation was done on Clicktrip.
Please review the itinerary and let me know if I should issue the ticket.
Since this is a non-refundable fare, the ticket must be issue by tomorrow.
Please advise if you need a Hotel reservation.
Thank you,
Madeleine
AGENT AA/MC BOOKING REF Y57Q32
TAYLOR/MARK E
EB 3889
ENRON CORP
DATE:  SEP 25 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  09NOV HOUSTON TX     NEW YORK NY    538P    959P
CO 1632    Q          FRI   G.BUSH INTERCO LA GUARDIA
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL M
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:21 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-800
SEAT 06C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARK E(I
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  13NOV NEW YORK NY    HOUSTON TX     622P    928P
CO 233     Q          TUE   LA GUARDIA     G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL M     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         4:06 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-800
SEAT 06C NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARK E(I
MISCELLANEOUS         13MAR HOUSTON TX
WED   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP 
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/UF6DWY
TAYLOR/MARK E  S0C0413R1056
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC471253
ASSISTANT: HOLLY KEISER 713-345-7893
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
ROUND TRIP AIRFARE...$172.83 NON-REFUNDABLE FARE.
ALL FARES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL TICKETED/PURCHASED
No luck here.
16  25  26  30  45  47
Help support the families of the New York Police Department and Fire Department and the families of Cantor Fitzgerald.
In light of the recent tragedy, the EnronOnline team is showing support by participating in a Bowl-A-Thon  on  Friday, September 28th.  Funds raised will benefit either the New York Police and Fire Fighter's Widows' and Children's Fund or for the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund-   (eSpeed and TradeSpark 
If you'd like to sponsor a bowler, please see the names on the attached spreadsheet and call one of them to sponsor them.  Please make checks payable directly to the charity.  This way, they can get Community Relations to match them.  If you have any questions, please call Kelly Heuertz at x 54624.
Thanks
Mark Taylor
In light of the recent tragedy, the EnronOnline team is showing support by participating in a Bowl-A-Thon  on  Friday, September 28th.  Funds raised will benefit either the New York Police and Fire Fighter's Widows' and Children's Fund or for the Cantor Fitzgerald Relief Fund-   (eSpeed and TradeSpark 
If you'd like to sponsor a bowler, please see the names on the attached spreadsheet and call one of them to sponsor them.  Please make checks payable directly to the charity.  This way, they can get Community Relations to match them.  If you have any questions, please call Kelly Heuertz at x 54624.
Thanks
Mark Taylor
If you want to plug me in to your call with Fred to describe the enhanced limit order system, just let me know.
Fred, I am following up with you on this matter with you for two reasons:
1.	Generally, I would like to know your status of your memo outlining the scope of the regulatory requirements for our trading business, if any; and
2.	Specifically, and more urgently, but somewhat related to this matter, we have a specific issue which relates to a new product we are offering on Enron OnLine and potential regulatory implications for Enron OnLine and our arrangement with NGX, whereby Alberta fixed price natural gas transactions completed on Enron OnLine are included with NGX to establish the Alberta Gas Price Index.
Would you kindly give me a call at your earliest convenience?  As I say, I would like to get an update on the matter generally, but more urgently, we would like your advice in connection with this new specific product offering.
,
Peter C.M. Keohane
Vice President, Assistant General Counsel
and Secretary
Enron Canada Corp.
3500, 400 - 3rd Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 4H2
Phone:	(403) 974-6923
Fax:	(403) 974-6707
E-mail:	peter.keohane@
Are the provisions we care about in Title 9?
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Sounds like you have this under control.  I agree with your approach.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Please coordinate with Sharon.
Peter Keohane has requested that I set up a conference call (Keohane/Erickson/Taylor) to discuss the limit order system in Canada and regulatory implications for EOL.
Peter's availability is as follows:
Monday, Oct. 1 between 2 p.m. and 5 p.m. (Calgary time); or
Tuesday, Oct. 2 between 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. (Calgary time); or
Tuesday, Oct. 2 between 3 p.m. - 5 p.m. (Calgary time).
Please advise whether you are available for any of these times.
Thank you,
Sharon Crawford
Administrative Coordinator
Legal Department
Enron Canada Corp.
3500, 400 - 3rd Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 4H2
Phone:	(403) 974-6726
Fax:	(403) 974-6707
E-mail:	sharon.crawford@
FYI
I am available during either of the times proposed on Tuesday, but not the Monday time.
>> "Crawford, Sharon"  Peter Keohane has requested that I set up a conference call
(Keohane/Erickson/Taylor) to discuss the limit order system in Canada
and regulatory implications for EOL.
Peter's availability is as follows:
Monday, Oct. 1 between 2 p.m. and 5 p.m. (Calgary time); or
Tuesday, Oct. 2 between 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. (Calgary time); or
Tuesday, Oct. 2 between 3 p.m. - 5 p.m. (Calgary time).
Please advise whether you are available for any of these times.
Thank you,
Sharon Crawford
Administrative Coordinator
Legal Department
Enron Canada Corp.
3500, 400 - 3rd Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 4H2
Phone:	(403) 974-6726
Fax:	(403) 974-6707
E-mail:	sharon.crawford@
Full Name: Jane Marie Tholt
Login ID:  jtholt
Extension:  35539
Office Location:  eb3209c
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  desktop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  no
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? no
If yes, who 
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  no
If yes, who 
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  no
If yes, who 
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  no
If yes, who 
Do you have access to a shared calendar     If yes, which shared calendar?  west desk calendar
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings     If yes, please list here:  no
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use 
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):  05/13/01    To (MM/DD/YY 05/16/01 
CHANGED PRICE ON 3/8 TO 16.00
Guess I won't be getting any more roses from you since California is closing 
all of its greenhouses.
Jan- Sutherland 53453
you need to talk to someone in scheduling because I do not path gas.
Joe just told me the other day that he got the check.    I never saw it.  It 
came when I was out of town.  Tel your Mom -thank you.  Thanks for getting me 
the address.  I hope you have a great Christmas vacation 
FYI.
The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at 
FERC is attached.
- SANDIEGO.DOC
it is 2.79
FYI.
The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at 
FERC is attached.
- SANDIEGO.DOC
I show the fixed price of $4.78.Switched to GDA on the 10th.
FYI.
The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at 
FERC is attached.
- SANDIEGO.DOC
Whoever wrote this did an excellent job
i HEA RYOU LOUD AND CLEAR.
PNM is incorrect.  The price is 4.86.
Tell them that the location of the gas is west texas pool and that we NEVER 
sell gas in the west texas pool based on a san juan gas daily price.  Once 
you tell them that they will realize that they are wrong.
PNM is incorrect.  The price is $4.86.
Tell them that this deal is for west texas pool gas and that we never sell 
west texas pool gas based on a san juan gas daily.
Friday was so perfect.  It snowed huge snow flakes.  Accumulation was just 
about 1/4 inch. The temperature was about 35 degrees and it wasn't windy-so 
it was just a great day to walk the streets and take in all the snow.  It 
just felt like Christmas.  We took a  carriage ride around Central Park and 
they dropped us off at Tavern on the Green for lunch.  Met one of my contacts 
at Prebon for lunch and he  paid for it. .  Good  thing because we were 
drinking mimosas at $10.00 a pop.  We saw two great plays-Aida and the Lion 
King.  Excellent. Actually, Aida may be the best broadway play I have ever 
seen.  The music was awesome.  Lion King had great special effects with all 
of the costumes. The people were dressed like animals and it was really 
cool.    Prebon got us tickets for that too-first row-center section-mezz. 
level.  In other words-perfect seats.  On Saturday, we mostly shopped during 
the day.  Deb bought herself a new David Yurman diamond ring  and red leathe 
coat. You can't believe the people that were shopping.  We went to FAO 
Schwartz early-9:00 a.m.-and at 3:00 the line was clear around the building 
to get in.  The large department stores were like that too-hoards of people You could hardly walk down 5th avenue, it was so crowded.  I have never seen 
so many mink coats in my life.  Everyone had one on.  The hotel we stayed at 
was excellent.  It didn't have the view you did.  Nothing will ever match 
that.  But all three of us stayed in one room and the room was huge and 
nicely decorated.  All three of us were able to get ready in a span of one 
hour.  We ate at some good restaurants too.  The first night was this small 
Italian restaurant.  Very authentic.  They took good care of us.  The second 
night was Thai-food was excellent.  The third day was French.  YUM YUM.  We 
got out of town just in time.  We really lucked out.  I would go back agai n 
if the right opportunity came up.
I only buy  pool gas-Can you make it available at the appropriate pool.
Just a little heads up. It is going to be so cold in Omaha next week.  Will 
probably hit around Tuesday.  Expect highs below zero.for about a week Better get your chores done this week because you are not going to want to go 
outside next week..  Haven't seen it this cold since 1983.. Will encompass 
the entire country.  Gas prices going through the roof.
I received the gift yesterday.  It will look lovely with my leather coat at 
the theater-thanks
Dear Acquiring Shippers, 
The attached memo discusses the impact of the Topock allocation on your 
rights as acquiring shippers.? Please read the memo and give me a call (213 
244-3832) if I can be of further assistance.? Have a Great Thanksgiving.
??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ??????? Thanks,? Bob 
Betonte 
- AcqShipper.doc
So you bought me a new winter coat for New York-Thanks-I ned it.  The card is 
adorable-how did you do it.  I love it.
Lucky you.  I think you should convince her that her house is too small for 
her and the kids.
TOO COOL
Just talk to   Mike on figures-why do you need them
NICE
no-they did not and Tori will be on vaction next Friday and Monday-would like 
it done by Wed.-Nov 29-Thanks
what type of flexiblity would we hav on teh Terrell plant gas?  Can we switch 
it daily or do we have to committ to either El Paso or  PGE at the start of 
the month?
Looking forward to meeting you in a couple of weeks.
Frank-we need to know if you have made any  arrangements for Mom Tholt's 
funeral.  Barb, Mike and Bob are flying nto Washington DC Dulles on Tuesday 
to tour the city.  Joe and I are flying in on Thursday at noon.  Everyone is 
leaving on Sunday. Bob and Us are leaving early Sunday morning.  So we will 
be driving back on Saturday night.  We are planning to stay together and rent 
cars together. Aunt Mary Agnes has offered to make hotel reservations for 
those days people who will be staying in DC.  Either Barb or Mike will make 
reservations for Pennsylvania.  We need to know if you would like us to 
include you in our reservations or if you plan on just meeting us there There is only going to be  Mass on Saturday for Mom Tholt at 11:30 followed 
by lunch at Aunt Jean's.
Aunt Mary Agnes is suppose to be sending us money in the mail for plane 
reservations.  Please let us know as soon as possible,
Congratulations, I can tell you are very excited about this.  Speaking of 
digging, on Thursday, they had a crew in our neighborhood digging to lay 
fiber-optic cable,  they hit a sewer line and then the gas line and blew up 2 
houses.  I walked over there yesterday,  one house is completely gone, the 
house next door is only half there and the houses across the street are all 
boarded up because they blew the windows out of it.  Such excitement.  Thank 
God no one was killed.
Per our phone converstion,  during the last couple of days I have been 
floating the US Gas West products and sorting by deal type.  However, I am 
getting products that are not west products .  For example, under "deal 
type-west basis", the following non-west products are appearing:  GD/D 
TrLA-Hub (nov 8-30); GD/D NGPL-Hu for No 8-30; and GD/D ANRLA-HUB (Nov 8-30 I
Did you get your house plans approved?
Do you know when you are flying into Pennsylvania.  It sounds like Barb, 
Cindy and Mike, might be going in on Monday or Tuesday to tour Washington 
DC.  Are you going to stay with relatives in PA or in a hotel.
no problem
we did not get it. Send it to the new email  jtholt @houston.rr.com
Thanks for the info-I will send him a card.
Thanks for the info on Lloyd's wife-I'll be sure to send him a card.  I'll 
see what's going on over Christmas-maybe Saturday we can have lunch.  Do you 
think Nebraska is going to be up for this week's game.  I bet it killed you 
not to be able to watch the game last week 
An analyst rate QWEST a buy today on CNN.   WHOOOPIE.  Hey -I'm coming to 
town for my grade school reunion  on Nov 17.  Leaving Sunday at 6:00 p.m.
I talked to your assistant and gave her my itinerary-but I don't know if she 
got your ticket.  I have a flight that leaves around 5:30 p.m. on Monday We are staying at the Biltmore.  There attire is business casual.  I am 
wearing nice slacks and a sweater.  I told Ed we would meet him about 8:00 
before the 8:30 meeting to make sure everything is working properly.  He is 
supplying the computer.  I was told that he only needed a high speed internet 
connection.  I also faxed him the info that is on Enron Online concerning 
what is needed regarding computer equipment.    I will give you more details 
on Monday regarding my flight and the address of the hotel.  Your assistent 
is out today so I don't know if she booked you on my flight or not.  I went 
through Travel Agency and  had them hold a reservation but not to ticket 
you..  Your secretary told me you do not like to use them so I left it in her 
hands 
Looked on Continental for prices on our flights.  Continental direct flight 
to Paris in April is about $880.  Same flight in March is $550.00
Thanks for the information.  Joe got a chuckle  last night when I told him 
that you tried his ketchup trick.
What do you think about this strategy?  Maybe we should have Deb call Marion 
and review the list of hotels where Enron has a corporate rate and ask her 
opinion regarding which ones she would recommend.  Maybe -at that point she 
would volunteer her flat?
RE: New York City
Looks like we leave Houston at 1:15 and get to New York at 5:52. We leave New 
York at 3:00 and arrive Houston at 5:49.  The phone number at the Barbizon 
Hotel is 212-838-5700.  Enron has a corporate rate there.  Suppose to be 
$222.00 Deb- if you want to try to get your own room-be sure to ask for the 
Enron Corp rate.
RE:  Europe.  There are several hotels in London which are listed as giving 
Enron corporate rates -prices range from $69 to 215.  The Ritz is $180.  I 
show no discounts for hotels in Paris.
They tell me that having a high speed internet connection is essential for 
enron online (SDN-T).  That's the only latest info I have.
Can you tell me how Mom Tholt is doing?  Is she out of the hospital?  Is she 
going to Montana to stay with Mike and Judy?
we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean?
I received your memo-sounds like all we need is a high speed internet 
connection and that is it.
Ed  called me on the equipment.  I asked him if he could provide the 
computer.  I downloaded some inofrmation on EOL regarding technical questions 
which provides some of the requirements for EOL and sent them to him. Let me 
know if there is anything else he needs to provide.  I have talked to Julia's 
secretary and plane and hotel reservations have been reserved for Julie.
resent the fax-let me know if you get all the pages
I am coming in on a United Flight 7954 that leaves LA at 3:15 and arrives San 
Diego at 4:04.  Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay.  Look forward to 
seeing you even if it is for a short time.  I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow 
afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday.
Just sent you some info over the fax-I willlet you know if we need anything 
else.
I think that Dave may have is facts wrong.  Joe talked to GRADY  yesterday 
and they have sold their house in Conroe and are buying a brand new one on 
Lake Conroe.  Some new Dream House.  Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the 
flight that leaves at 11.45 on Wednesay.
This works-I will work on getting our equipment needs for you.
This date works for me so I will assume that Julie will be going.  I will 
work on flight  arrangements for Julie and I unless you think you might be 
going.  I need your help in determing what equipment needs we need.  Call me 
at 35539 or respond to this memo.
Jane: 
It looks like the Oct 31st works for most people here that would have a stake 
in this proposal.? I have set-up a meeting starting at 8:30 to 11:30 am.? Let 
me know if that works for you or if we need to adjust.? Also let's discuss 
any equipment needs you might need such as a data line for access to Internet 
and any audio video equipment so I can have it arranged.?? Hotels in the area 
are: The Biltmore, The Westin Bonaventure and The Intercontinental Hotel all 
within one block of our building.? I believe at the Biltmore we have a 
special rate if you mention that its for SoCalGas.
I'll be telecommuting tomorrow so you can reach me at my cell phone at (213) 
248-4053. 
Thanks very much 
Ed 
I f we get out of here early, I may run to Foley's.  I will leave you a voice 
mail or an e-mail to let you know.So be sure to check.  I was just messing 
withyou on the Evita.  I am going out to lunch with a customer today so I'm 
not going to be extremely hungery.  Maybe we just go to PF Chang's and I can 
have a lettuce wrap.
My broker called me this morning and asked me how I was doing and I told him  
again that I was coming to New York and he said no problem with getting 
tickets to Avita and the Lion King.  Easter next year is Sunday April 15.
Come by anytime after 10:00 on any day..  I will be on vacation on Thurs and 
Friday though.
let me know if I can do anything to help
Nat gas is at a discount with Enron stock at 83 and what's your stock price Did I tell you the company is going to give us more stock options at the 
start of the year.  Oh-and we get free bus passes.  So not only do they 
provide me with free lunch every day-oh-did I  forget to mention that 
too.-but they pay for my transportation to work.
It works.  Frank told me that you were trying to get in touch with me .  I 
tried to send you something but it didn't work.  Did you meet your Uncle Joe 
last night .  He'll talk your ear off so watch out.  Let me know what's 
happening out there.
Forgot to tell you that Joe and I went to see the Jim Rome show when he was 
in Houston a couple of weeks ago .  It was pretty good.  Too bad you'll never 
see him in Omaha.  Guess what else?  We got a memo today that Enron is giving 
all of its employees a home  computer and will subsidize their internet 
connection.  Gift is part of their commitment to techonology.  Does your 
company do this with your telephones?
Are you going to Las Vegas today to see you mom or are you waiting to see if 
she gets better?  Can't get a hold of Barb on the cell phone.
Art Festival is week-end of Oct 14 and 15.  We're in.
I don't do tagg but I'll give to the appropriate person
can you do this-I don't how
My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner.  He is waiting 
unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats.  Have fun 
this week-end.
I switched deal number 341242 to a sale and deal number 341270 as a buy
I had a thought.  I wonder how far away Nancy Gardiner is from Vail because 
maybe we could go se her on Saturday or maybe we just want to take it easy in 
Vai and just relax.  Any thoughts.
Do not want to go to Vegas-been there too much already this year.  I am going 
to have a message in Co.  Good job on the fare-that's cheaper than mine.  If 
you want to stay at the RIOin Las Vegas-Southwest Gas has a cheap corporate 
rate that you can get-it's off the strip but it's nice. Every room is a 
sweat.  Just call and ask for it.
Sounds like a fun week-end.Hotel is  Vail Marriott Mountain Resort and Spa I'll try to get an address and directions for you.Do you want a message, 
facial or both.
Tickets are free.   I don't think we'll need binoculars-seats are on floor Enjoyed helping you over the week-end-that's what friends are for-at least 
where we came from.  The flowers you sent me are beautiful .. All of my 
favorites-gerber daisies and liliies.  You didn't  to do that with all of the 
furniture you gave me.  By the way-are your legs killing you.  My calves hurt 
like hell-think it's from going up and down the stairs barefoot on Saturday I think your decorator was a little disappointed in all of the progress we 
made.-he probably thought you would want to hire help.  Can't believe he 
didn't say anything about all of the beautiful glas syou have.  Hey-we may 
want to thin about putting one of your big mirrors in your purple/black 
bedroom next to the TV hutch-nearthat corner instead of in the purple/green 
room.
Got the tickets today for Faith Hill-mark your calendar for Oct 13-starts at 
8:00   Tina Turner is Sunda7-Oct. 29
that works
Need to narrow down timing of their notification-sounds like they can call us 
one day prior to noms due-that's too late to try to manage financially.
are you talking actual flows or what wAS NOMINATED
This was an EOL deal and EOL only trades in increments of 5000 so Zarin is 
not correct per our records.
I will let Joe know that you received his care package.  He will be very 
happy.  When I get my pictures developed, I'll send you any good ones that 
may have turned out.  It's O.K. to give Julie my e-mail address.  I would 
love to communicate with her.   Take care.
i switched the price on that deal and on 341270-they were reversed
Do we need to carify the max daily quantity on which the demand charge is 
assessed  reflects usage and not nominations.  Just don't want to be in a 
position where we must do make-up and have to nom more than 20000.
This is O.K as long as we get a daily estimate of usage around 8:30 C.T. and 
access to actuals within two business days.
Norm was somewhat prophetic when he kept talking about the "big hole in his 
pipe" that was going to occur if we went to rankings-little did he know-can't 
blame this one on rankings
You're not going to believe this.  I talked to Amoco and they confirmed that 
I did the deal with them but they said thawe should just pay Agave Energy 
because tit's a complicated internal deal.  So we are both right..  I only 
wished Amoco would have told me ahead of time.  Bottom line- pay Agave Energy 
and not Amoco
I am getting your critical notices but when I click on it, I can't get access 
to what it says.  Is this a problem on your side or on my side.
this is a joke
The original message did not go through so I am trying it again. 
Cc:???? Wah, Pauline C. - TPPCW 
Attached for your review is a draft copy of the "Goals to be Accomplished" 
which has been revised pursuant to the last meeting of the El Paso Technical 
Pooling Subcommittee held on August 17.? Please let me have your comments as 
soon as possible so that we can forward this on to El Paso in a timely 
fashion.? Thanks.
- pooling goals.doc
Looks good to me.  Thanks.
She likes white wines like white burgundy--I don't know any of the exact 
ones, but I can find out if you want me to.
Another idea she would really like is a gift certificate to the Taste of 
Texas.  She went there recently for the first time and really enjoyed it 
Jane M Tholt
08/23/2000 08:05 AM
We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our 
appreciation for her hard work.  I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS 
with some nice wine.  Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest 
another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy.  Thanks.
Please give us the names of the wines she likes when you have time.
San Juan Blanco
May-Dec 2001-5000 /day  +.02
Calendar 2002:  4800/day  +.0225
Calendar 2003 500/day +.0225
Calendar 2004 175/day +.0225
Calenar 2005 250/day +.0225
Permian Basin/Keystone
Calendar 2003 1300 /day +.03
Calendar 2004  +.03
Calendar 2005  +.03
Calendar 2006  +.03
Calendar 2007 +.03
Caelndar 2008 +.03
Calendar 2009 +.03
Calendar 2010 +.03
PGE Citygate
June 2001-Oct 2001+.12
Nov 2001-Mar 2002 +.14
Calendar 2003 +.12
Calendar 2004 +.11
Calendar 2005 +.09
Calendar 2006 +.07
Calendar 2007 +.06
Calendar 2008 +.06
Calendar 2009 +.06
Calendar 2010 +.06
Jan 2011-Mar 2011 +.06
Socal Border-non Wheeler Ridge
Cal  Year 2006-2010  +.08
Please give me any concerns you have with this by the end if the 
day-otherwise I am recommending adopting this proposal
The original message did not go through so I am trying it again. 
Cc:???? Wah, Pauline C. - TPPCW 
Attached for your review is a draft copy of the "Goals to be Accomplished" 
which has been revised pursuant to the last meeting of the El Paso Technical 
Pooling Subcommittee held on August 17.? Please let me have your comments as 
soon as possible so that we can forward this on to El Paso in a timely 
fashion.? Thanks.
- pooling goals.doc
Janie,
I have been talking with EES and they have confirmed their volumes for their 
purchases from ENA (I believe that it is Zarin who comfirmed their volumes on 
their side).  I need you to confirm and verify our volumes and to change them 
(or contact who can change them) if needed.  I am trying to get EES to pay us 
for these transactions and they will not if they do not agree.  The amount 
that we are talking about is over $10 mil.  Could you please look at this so 
that I can get this resolved today?  The following shows what we are out:
Please let me know what you find out.  Thanks 
I do not track volumes but I will forward this to our scheduling group-Patti 
Sullivan
We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our 
appreciation for her hard work.  I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS 
with some nice wine.  Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest 
another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy.  Thanks.
email address  is jane.m.tholt@
pager is 8005060869
I trade the west desk
no-I wanted my machine to make a sound every time someone traded on EOL but 
instead it's hooked up to my keyboard so that when I type the keyboard makes 
sounds instead.
Please add me to the critical notices for Transwestern and El Paso 
Pipeline(s) as soon as possible.  If you have any questions , please call me 
at 35539.
The sound card does not work on my eol machine-it works on the keyboard 
supporting eol which is opposite of what I want.  I want the screen to ding 
every time someone trades on eol.  I don't want to listen to my self type in 
deals on the keyboard.  My Enron computer system works fine right now.  If 
you could handle getting the eol problem fixed I would appreciate it.
Southwest Gas currently views Enron Online but is afraid to transact physical 
volumes on it because they are afraid the payment terms on Enron Online are 
different than non-EOL trades.  They stated that they reveiwed the EOL 
contract and that it does not address payment.  I told them that the payment 
terms do not differ but they are asking for something in writing.  Can you 
send them something.
How come it doesn't work on my eol machine?
We did two deals that day we bought 4.70 and sold them 4.67-same volume
this afternoon-any time
yes we are going
My husband and his friends want me to inquire more about your fishing lodge 
and prices.  A bunch of them turn 50 next year and are thinking of going on a 
fishing trip.  Can you give me any more information on prices and 
availiablity for next year.  Please advise what is included in the price and 
where we  need to fly into.  If you have any brochures, canyou send them to 
me at Jane Tholt, 7502 Highland Farms Rd., Houston, TX 77095  .  Hope you 
have a great day and it was great seeing you.
they are precious-he is a cutie for being only a couple of weeks old-thanks 
for sending me these
If it is not too late I would like to put on hold my request to add Barrett 
Resources to the EOL Product for El Paso Blanco Average. I made the request 
yesterday so hopefully I am not toolate. Upon discussing the product with 
Barrett, I do not think this would be a good idea to add them at the present 
time.  I willkeep you advised.  Thank you for your patience.
The pictures came through the second time.  Hey-did you get my gift basket.
Please add Barreet Resources as an eligible party to trade the product US Gas 
Physical-non-Texas Points-Restricted for El Paso Physical Blanco  l Average Please advise if you have any questions.
Let me know if you have any questions or concerns about this filing.  TW 
plans on filing this with FERC around the end of August. 
Thanks,
TK
Here is the revised bullet sheet along with the draft agreement.
Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party.  We would like to have 
prawns for dinner.  We are arriving on Friday at 1:30 so we shouldn't have a 
problem being there.
Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night?
pictures never came thru-please try again
Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.  I was issued a new corporate 
American Express card.  Same number with expiration date of  3/03.  If you 
need any more info, please advise.   Otherwise, I will assume you will book 
the two tickets.  Thank you.
San Diego is correct we sold them  24000 mmbtu of gas at 4.67
Meeting was cancelled and never took place.
jtholtski1122
highland
Also,  Ican't find any of my bookmarks on internet explorer.  Where do I find 
them?
See attached.
 Attached is a summary of the Pooling Technical Subcommittee Meeting held
 last Friday, July 14, 2000 in El Paso.  Also attached are other documents
 used in the meeting to support the proposals discussed.