I have 4 tickets to the Thursday, November 18 Rockets vs. Sacramento Kings 
game (7:30 start).  Section 125, Row G.
Susan:
This is not urgent, but when you have a minute, please check and see what 
research we have done with local counsel in the Czech Republic.  I'm 
wondering in particular if they were part of our survey regarding European 
derivatives law.
Yesterday we concluded two new short term swap deals with two separate 
Continental counterparties. The details are:
Light Fuel Oil (Rheinscheine) swap with M.V.V, a large German municipality. 
Enron pays floating.
Brent Oil swap with MND, a Czech oil & gas producer. Enron pays fixed. (This 
trade was done under an ISDA Master we have with MND)
Although the volumes in each case are not large, these trades are with 
significant counterparties.
Justin
Attached hereto please find a draft of a memorandum in connection with the 
update of our April 25, 1997 memorandum regarding commodities trading.
Should you require any further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact 
us.
Pablo Perezalonso
Ritch, Heather y Mueller, S.C.
- 67l01!1.DOC
Donna:
My comments are included below.  These are just suggestions and you can take 
them or leave them as you will 
Mark
Mark,
Please review and approved the following document.  We will use this document 
to send to those counterparty who have applied for EOL access, yet are not 
qualified based on EOL guidelines.
Thanks,
dg
November 5, 1999
rFirst_Name_ rLast_Name_
rCompany_name_
rAddress_line_1_
rAddress_line_2_
rCity_, rState_or_Province_  rPost_Code_Zip_Code_
rCountry_
Dear rSalutation_ rLast_Name_:
Thank you for your application to trade via EnronOnline.  We are sorry, but 
EnronOnline is specifically designed for those who can companies which 
transact in wholesale energy commodities on behalf of for their own account 
company; therefore, we are unable to provide you with access to the site at 
this time 
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at the numbers listed on 
the letterhead or E-mail us at help@online.com 
Once again, thank you for your application to register to trade via 
EnronOnline.
Sincerely,
Robert Shults
Product Control Group
EnronOnline  
Do you have time to compare this opinion to our current form?  Justin tells 
me he started from a form that was a year or more old.
Justin Boyd
11/05/99 08:10 AM
Mark,
I attach a draft form of internal ECT legal opinion that we are proposing to 
offer SWD, a counterparty with whom we are seeking to enter into a Master 
Swap Agreement. 
The impasse to date had been SWD's unwillingness to agree on the content of 
the external (V&E) legal opinion we were offering.  After considerable 
debate, SWD instead agreed to obtain their own form of external opinion (from 
Linklaters 
In terms of the ECT legal opinion, the changes shown represent deviations 
from our standard form of opinion (as of August last year).  Would be 
grateful for your views at to whether these would be acceptable from Mark 
Haedicke's point of view, and also taking into account any changes that may 
have occurred in the meantime.  John Thompson (who heads up the Frankfurt 
office) would execute the Master, and I have already arranged for the 
appropriate corporate authorisation from Enron Europe Finance & Trading 
Limited.
One sticking point has been SWD's demand that the opinion given under 
paragraph 4 ("No authorizations, consents, etc.....") should also apply to 
SWD; this would seem unacceptable to me.
[Please note that we intend that Jim Derrick would give a legal opinion 
relating to the Guaranty.]
and thanks
Justin
I will give you a call to discuss.
Mark
Louise Kitchen
11/15/99 01:05 PM
I would like a view - could you talk to S&C too.
Thanks
Louise
When you get a chance, have a quick read.  John got approval on Wednesday 
from Skilling and Whalley to move forward quickly.  We have committed to 
quoting on 200 reference credits, in 6 countries using Enron Online by 15 
Jan.   As we intend to quote two-way prices on your biggest customers, in 
addition to everyone else, I want to make sure that we evaluate all of the 
implications.
Pls. let me know your thoughts.
bryan
Francisco & Lou:
Here is the reply from Figueroa Sierra.  Sorry for the delay in forwarding 
this on to you.
Mark
Electronic Mail Transmittal Form
FIGUEROA SIERRA & ASOCIADOS
A   B   O  G   A   D  O   S
Santaf, de Bogot? D.C., Colombia
URGENT:         X         NORMAL:
FOR:                        Mark Taylor, Esquire
Alan Aronowitz, Esquire
COMPANY:           ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP.
DATE:                    November 12, 1999
MESSAGE:
ANNEX:                cover letter.doc
legal survey update.doc
legal survey update (blacklined).doc
- att1.htm
- legal survey update (blacklined).doc
- legal survey update.doc
- cover letter.doc
Agricultural product options are not permitted.
EnronOnline@ect.enron.com on 11/15/99 11:53:27 PM
Please respond to EnronOnline@ect.enron.com
Legal approval required for new product type: UK zz test Bananas Financial 
Option Validated by: MBRINKWO at 11/16/99 5:53:26 AM
I think S&C is fine - they are helping us with CFTC issues related to online 
trading and Energy Desk.com seems somwhat related.
Sara Shackleton
11/16/99 12:21 PM
Per my voice mail.  Let me know what you think.  SS
Sara Shackleton
11/09/99 10:48 AM
Martin sent this message to London and Michael advised that Sullivan Cromwell be retained.  With respect to interest by the CFTC in  the proposed 
transaction, would you agree that the same law firm advise on that issue as 
well?  Makes sense to me.  Also, what is Energydesk.com LImited?  Sara
Martin Rosell
11/09/99 09:47 AM
Sara,
I hope you're doing well.  Please see my note to Paul below.  It feels a bit 
like an overkill to turn directly to Sullivan & Cromwell (as suggested by 
Micheal) in respect of a USD 1.25 million transaction.  The target consists 
of about a dozen employees and its business is to advise local energy 
companies on appropriate risk management structures and routines.  My 
understanding is that the target never advises on what trading positions its 
customers should take.  Could there possibly be an interest for the CFTC in 
this worth investigating further?!  I believe the Energydesk.com Limited 
people intend to let Japro survive and continue its current operations (as 
well as serving Energydes.com's customers in the future).  Please advise!
Martin
Fiona Lavelle
99-11-04 16:07
Martin Rosell
99-11-09 12:07
Paul, 
The above entity is a Swedish limited liability company which Energydesk.com 
Limited intends to acquire.  According to the company's Articles, it may 
prepare  analyses, give information, and engage in advisory and consulting 
activities with respect to risk management, energy and power trading; carry 
out strategic and other analyses and advise on strategic and organisation 
development; engage in IT based consulting as well as in any other activity 
ancillary with any the foregoing.  Principally, the company acts as a risk 
management consultant for small and medium seized energy companies in the 
Sweden and Finland.
Will the acquisition give rise to any SFA concerns?!  Despite the general 
extraterritorial application of US securities laws, I'd guess an acquisition 
of a minor Swedish-based operation active in the Nordic market by a U.K. 
entity would be too remote to cause attraction over there.  I may check it 
anyhow, but do you have a feel for the topic?
Martin
Here's the current forecast for Lenny.  Shouldn't be  a major problem for us 
but I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday.
Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit will come 
through.  Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this?  Seems 
like he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow.  Anything at all we can 
do from here?
The Moorings people asked me to call back tomorrow when they'll have a better 
idea about the storm situation - they canceled all of their charter starts 
for today & tomorrow (no surprise) and she expected Thursday's to cancel 
also.  They still have everything for the weekend scheduled to go out but 
they weren't supposed to confirm any hotel rooms between now and Saturday They were able to confirm a room for you for Sunday the 28th (the day we have 
to bring the boat back).  I'll let you know what happens when I get through 
to them tomorrow.
Mark
David - We'r trying to get through to you on the phone but can't get across 
the Atlantic.  Can you try calling us?  I'm at 713 - 853-7459 & Jeff is at 
713-853-6911.
Thanks
Just for your background info, the other reason we use deemed ISDAs on the 
interest rate & currency deals is that the omnibus was really drafted with 
commodity deals in mind.  I'd have to go back and look at it to see if it 
would work at all for an interest rate or currency deal.  Do you think I 
should do that?  Hopefully not or at least not til after 1/1.
With respect to your request for a Deemed ISDA Confirm for the referenced 
counterparty, I checked with Yao, our paper guru, and he said there is no 
special reason or precedence for using the Deemed ISDA confirmations for the 
paper boys (unless maybe if they did a really long-dated trade).  He said we 
could go ahead and use the omnibus.  Just because we hope to sign an ISDA, 
doesn't necessarily mean we use the Deemed ISDA confirmations.  In practice, 
we tend to use the Deemed ISDA's for international counterparties, for the 
interest rate and currency desk (because a lot of their counterparties are 
banks and dealers and more familiar with the ISDA's, unlike our energy 
counterparties).
Call me with any questions 
David - as to your point 2, we have used the "Deemed ISDA" appraoch for 
weather derivatives.  I see no reason we can't do something similar in 
Australia for power.  I've atached an example (but I'm not sure it is 
thefinal version).
Mark
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
11/17/99 02:53 AM
Edmund/Justin, I would appreciate your advice on a few points. 
I am correct in understanding there can be different versions of the  
Password Agreement and Electronic Trading Agreement?  I have seen Password 
Agreement NA Version 1and an Electronic Trading Agreement Version 1 that both 
If you prefer give me a call to discuss 612 9229 2310 
Andrea Calo and Cecilia are not in the system to allow me to add them to your 
review.  Can you ask them to fill out the form and send it on to me (e-mail 
is fine).  The others were in the system and they should be able to fill 
everything out on their computers.
Brent.Hendry@ on 11/15/99 08:49:14 AM
Here are my suggestions for getting performance feedback for my review Andrea
Calo, Andrea Bertone, Cecilia Morellato (my assistant), Don Black and Scott
Neal.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else from me.  I
will also fax to you the forms they are using here for review of expats.  It 
may
be similar to what ENA is using.
Thanks,
Brent
Please see the following note from Sheila Walton.  She has asked that the 
forms be returned to her by November 25th.  They can be sent interoffice mail 
or by e-mail.
Thanks,
Mark
Sheila Walton
11/15/99 05:45 PM
As you are aware, we are in the middle of the VP Performance Review Cycle On instructions from the Office of the Chair,  VP's and above will be 
measured principally on the Skills/Behaviors criterion.  This will also be 
supplemented by two additional indicators:
Providing Feedback to Staff
Participation in Recruiting efforts for Enron programs
Critical to the item "Providing Feedback to Staff" is your involvement in 
collecting this data.  Attached is a form that should be distributed to all 
your direct reports regarding this item.  The instructions ask the direct 
reports to send this information back to me.  I will collate the data and 
this will be available for use at both the December ENA Executive Review 
Meeting on December 14, and  the January 5-6 Enron Executive Meeting 
Again, your involvement in helping me collect this data is critical to the 
success.  Please contact me at Ext 30649 if you have any further questions 
It does make sense that there shouldn't be a problem with traveling to the 
USVI; since you have to clear immigration to get in there from the BVI I 
wouldn't expect to have to clear again when you go back to the mainland or 
Puerto Rico.  We haven't spent much time sailing in the USVI so it would be 
an exploratory trip for us - not at all a bad thing.  We can't get the boat 
to the USVI till Monday (charter doesn't start till noon on Sun. and there's 
tons of work getting all the food/drinks/ice etc. put away).  Best bet is to 
pick Bruce up in St. John - Charlotte Amalie on St. Thomas is reputed to be a 
large, busy commercial port - a great place for yachts to play dodge-em with 
the cruise ships (not fun).  There is regular ferry service from St. Thomas 
to St. John.  We won't be there before noon on Monday.
I just got off the phone with Greg so hopefully AA can do the right thing 
here!
OK...guys the story is this:
I have just spent the entire day at Federal Plaza with the INS in extremely
nasty conditions.  Basically, I was not able to get hold of a travel permit.
Vermont apparently has lost my documents including travel permit and Federal
Plaza cannot step in.  I cannot drive to Vermont, because they only do
postal.  I think I would feel slightly better had I known the outcome at the
start of the day rather than at the end.
Anyway, to cut a long story short, I asked the question of whether I could
goto the US Virgin Islands.  The first answer was "no", so I persisted and
the second answer was "yes; can I point you to the US in the US Virgin
Islands", so feeling very patronised but having achieved something for my
day at Federal Plaza I left.
We now have 3 choices:
1.    Go to US VI......I definitely cannot go to BVI
2.    Delay flight a couple of days and hope that travel permit comes
through (which it should because my lawyer)
3.    Got to USVI and get permit sent on if it comes through
G:  Please can you see about changing my flights to the US VI.  You are
better at dealing with airlines than I am.....pretty please!
B