- 2001 Natural Gas Conference Call.doc
Dave:
Can you do the same printout today of children for product #33076
Thanks
John
any reaction to this?
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 01:16:41 PM
(Recasts, adds details)
WASHINGTON, March 6 (Reuters) - U.S. electricity demand
will grow by about 2.3 percent in 2001, down from 3.6 percent
growth last year due to the nation's slowing economy, the U.S.
Energy Information Administration said on Tuesday.
Natural gas demand will also grow at about 2.3 percent this
year, the EIA said in its monthly supply and demand report.
Natural gas is the third most popular fuel used by U.S.
electricity generating plants after nuclear and coal.
U.S. electricity demand in the first quarter of 2001 was
forecast at about 896 billion kilowatt hours (kwh), the EIA
said. That is slightly higher than the 895.8 billion kwh
forecast by the agency last month.
For the entire winter heating season of October through
March, electricity demand was forecast to rise by 4.6 percent
from the previous year, the EIA said. The increase was driven
by the residential and commercial sectors, which were forecst
to be higher by 8 and 4 percent, respectively.
More electricity plants were expected to switch from
natural gas back to fuel oil as oil prices drift lower, the
government report said.
"This trend is expected to continue through the first
quarter 2001," the EIA said. "Although the favorable price
differential for oil relative to gas is expected to continue
through the forecast period, by the second half of 2001,
expected increases in gas-fired capacity are expected to keep
gas demand for power generation growing."
The monthly report also said that mild weather has eased
natural gas prices in California, but the state still faces gas
supply and deliverability bottlenecks affecting its electricity
plants.
California has been fighting all winter to maintain
i dont know   sounds good to me
Greg Whalley
02/28/2001 05:32 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Johnny,
What does Greg owe you for the champagne?  Is it $896.00?
Liz
i loved them in that i thought they were going to go up...i think they still 
might
3 weeks ago  now
short term very bullish  neutral
medium term neutral   neutral
longer term neutral   bearish
what changed your mind re 02 and 03 --2 weeks ago you told me you loved 
them....why are bearish out the back?
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325
Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.
what are your thoughts on
ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03
price levels and outlooks
thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759
What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325
Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.
what are your thoughts on
ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03
price levels and outlooks
thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759
theres only one thing i can think of...   storage field turning around gives 
cash market completely different feel.   instead of utilities looking to sell 
gas everday, they look to buy it.  huge difference in feel of mrket.  not so 
much actual gas but completely different economics of how marginal mmbtu gets 
priced.  tightening cash market causes cash players to buy futures... hence 
the tendency for a spring rally every year.  read heffner today...even he 
talks about it
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 10:22:18 AM
so let me ask you-if they dont buy flat px wfrom here with mega cold east
weather, cash contangos,px only 25 cts from lows, after huge apr/oct 
buying-what
would take us to much higher levels?? ie whats the risk of being short today?
clueless and confused
John.Arnold@ on 03/06/2001 10:51:13 AM
no real bias today  positive numbers sell negative numbers buy looking into other stuff
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 09:15:40 AM
agreewith all, im mega bear summer 2nd q but for the time being weather and
as u
said uncertainy likely to lend itself so little downside until either
weather
gets warm or injections get big. i dont see the flow as you know but i talk
to a
cupla utitlities and the bias same as you menioned. ive neutralized bear
book a
bit cuz i cant afford to fite this thing. with deep pockets tho-i scale up
sell
next 2-3 weeks take a bet on 200 ish injections in april and 400 in may-ie
records
aug/oct-yes-low risk-wasnt substantially more inverted when we were 4
bucks
higher-low risk but not a great reward. oct/nov-yea-wont make much for
another
few months on that so it range trades but ill cont to bersd it cuz if end
summer
that strong im always always more bullish the front of winter.
other thing i wonder is how wide these summer contangos cud get-as
everyone so
bullish futs for the next few weeks at least.
weather here sucks to day-tree almost fell on me driving into work-close
one,sahud be about 2 ft of white stuff when its said and done. dunno how
long i
can stay but doesnt look all that great for me getting out to steamboat
manana!!
heres a hypothetical.... we agree that demand loss y on y somwhere from 4.5
to
5.0 today, do you guys think that we can see a substantial demand recovery
if
prices dont retreat? my ffeeling is no for at least another 90 days or
more.thots?
any thots on flat px today-im slitely long vs bearsds?
no real bias today  positive numbers sell negative numbers buy looking into other stuff
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 09:15:40 AM
agreewith all, im mega bear summer 2nd q but for the time being weather and 
as u
said uncertainy likely to lend itself so little downside until either weather
gets warm or injections get big. i dont see the flow as you know but i talk 
to a
cupla utitlities and the bias same as you menioned. ive neutralized bear book 
a
bit cuz i cant afford to fite this thing. with deep pockets tho-i scale up 
sell
next 2-3 weeks take a bet on 200 ish injections in april and 400 in may-ie
records
aug/oct-yes-low risk-wasnt substantially more inverted when we were 4 bucks
higher-low risk but not a great reward. oct/nov-yea-wont make much for another
few months on that so it range trades but ill cont to bersd it cuz if end 
summer
that strong im always always more bullish the front of winter.
other thing i wonder is how wide these summer contangos cud get-as everyone 
so
bullish futs for the next few weeks at least.
weather here sucks to day-tree almost fell on me driving into work-close
one,sahud be about 2 ft of white stuff when its said and done. dunno how long 
i
can stay but doesnt look all that great for me getting out to steamboat 
manana!!
heres a hypothetical.... we agree that demand loss y on y somwhere from 4.5 to
5.0 today, do you guys think that we can see a substantial demand recovery if
prices dont retreat? my ffeeling is no for at least another 90 days or
more.thots?
any thots on flat px today-im slitely long vs bearsds?
Utility Deregulation: Square Peg, Round Hole?
The New York Times, 03/04/01
3 Executives Considered to Head Military
Los Angeles Times, 03/04/01
Bush leaning toward execs for military
The Seattle Times, 03/04/01
Enron's Chief Denies Role as Energy Villain / Critics regard Kenneth Lay as 
deregulation opportunist
The San Francisco Chronicle, 03/04/01
Enron boss says he's not to blame for profits in energy crisis
Associated Press Newswires, 03/04/01
The Stadium Curse? / Some stocks swoon after arena deals
The San Francisco Chronicle, 03/04/01
Money and Business/Financial Desk; Section 3
ECONOMIC VIEW
Utility Deregulation: Square Peg, Round Hole?
By JOSEPH KAHN
03/04/2001
The New York Times
Page 4, Column 6
c. 2001 New York Times Company
WASHINGTON -- IN the forensic pursuit of what caused California's power 
failure, the Bush administration, the energy industry and many analysts have 
granted immunity to deregulation. 
Robert Shapiro, a managing director of Enron, the giant electricity marketer, 
says the California mess should in no way affect deregulation in other 
states, ''because California didn't really deregulate.'' Spencer Abraham, the 
new energy secretary, said Californians simply goofed, setting up a 
''dysfunctional'' system. It is the way California deregulated, not 
deregulation itself, that should take the blame, they say.
Yet some economists argue that California's troubles should inform the debate 
about whether -- not just how -- to deregulate. Among them is Alfred E. Kahn, 
the Cornell University economist who helped oversee the creation of free 
markets in the rail, trucking and airline industries. 
''I am worried about the uniqueness of electricity markets,'' Mr. Kahn said. 
He is still studying whether the design flaws in California's market explain 
the whole problem. But he is sounding a note of skepticism. 
''I've always been uncertain about eliminating vertical integration,'' he 
said, referring to the old ways of allowing a single, heavily regulated power 
company to produce, transmit and distribute electricity. ''It may be one 
industry in which it works reasonably well Mr. Kahn's comments might sound a little heretical. When this former Carter 
administration official was pushing deregulation, it was still a novel and 
politically risky concept. Today, getting government out of most businesses 
is part of the Washington economic canon. 
Moreover, few people believe that California, the first state to overhaul its 
electricity sector from top to bottom, has proved a good laboratory. To 
satisfy interest groups, the markets were designed in an awkward way, which 
soured some deregulation experts on California before the first electron went 
on the auction block. 
Among the quirks: The state required utilities to buy nearly all their power 
on daily spot markets, rather than arranging long-term contracts that might 
have allowed them to hedge risk. Consumer prices were also fixed, making it 
impossible for utilities to pass on higher wholesale costs. 
Paul L. Joskow, an expert on electricity markets at the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology and a former student of Mr. Kahn's, remains hopeful 
that the kinks can be ironed out. 
In New England and the the Middle Atlantic states, as well in as Britain, 
Chile and Argentina, all places that have restructured electricity markets, 
regulators have had to adjust market rules to correct flaws. They have found 
ways to check the tendency of power sellers to exploit infant markets and 
charge high prices, Mr. Joskow said. 
Regulators have also had to establish new markets that, through price 
signals, encourage power companies to build enough generating capacity so 
that they have reserves for peak hours. During peak hours, shortages and 
price spikes can substantially raise average prices. 
''If they can do it in Britain, Chile and Argentina, then I think we can do 
it here,'' Mr. Joskow said. 
Still, he warns that proper regulation requires tough political choices. 
Allowing high prices to pass through to consumers is one. Making sure 
Nimbyism does not prevent the construction of power plants is another. 
''The political system must rise to the task,'' Mr. Joskow said, or the ''old 
way might be the best we can do Mr. Kahn knows a bit about the old way. In the mid-1970's, he headed the New 
York Public Service Commission, which oversaw electricity and other regulated 
industries. The drawbacks were legendary. Local utilities had an endemic 
tendency to overestimate demand to justify new power plants, for which 
consumers paid through steady rate increases. Nearly everyone assumed that 
competition would slash prices. 
But though free markets do a better job managing rail, phone and airline 
prices, they have yet to match regulators' ability to juggle the complexities 
of electricity, Mr. Kahn said. 
Regulators tended to apply heavy political pressure on utilities to keep 
prices as low as possible and profit margins steady but thin. The vertical 
integration of electricity monopolies may have also had advantages, Mr. Kahn 
said. Engineers coordinated power plants and transmission lines in ideal 
ways. Planners who saw the need for new plants helped find a place for them 
to be built. ''The players all depended on one another,'' he said. 
California has probably not derailed deregulation efforts. But it has made 
people wonder anew whether market forces work for kilowatts as they do for 
widgets.
Photo: Alfred E. Kahn 
National Desk
3 Executives Considered to Head Military
From Associated Press
03/04/2001
Los Angeles Times
Home Edition
A-25
WASHINGTON -- Three corporate executives are under consideration to lead the 
Air Force, Army and Navy, administration officials said Saturday. 
The three have been interviewed by Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, and 
the White House was expected to announce this week that it will send their 
names to the Senate for confirmation, the Washington Times reported, quoting 
unidentified sources.
Gordon R. England, 63, who retired recently from General Dynamics Corp would be nominated as Navy secretary; James G. Roche, 61, a vice president at 
Northrop Grumman Corp., is the pick to head the Air Force; and the choice to 
head the Army is Thomas E. White, 57, a retired Army general and an executive 
with Enron Corp. White also once worked as an assistant to Colin L. Powell, 
Bush's secretary of State.
News
Bush leaning toward execs for military
The Associated Press
03/04/2001
The Seattle Times
Sunday
A9
WASHINGTON--Three corporate executives are under consideration to lead the 
Air Force, Army and Navy, administration officials said yesterday. 
The three men have been interviewed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and 
the White House was expected to announce next week that it will send their 
names to the Senate for confirmation, The Washington Times reported 
yesterday, quoting unidentified sources.
But two Bush administration sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, told 
The Associated Press that President Bush has not made a decision and that the 
nominations were not a certainty. 
The Times said Gordon England, 63, who retired last week as a vice president 
at General Dynamics, would be nominated as Navy secretary. England was 
responsible for the company's information systems and international programs. 
The newspaper also said James Roche, 61, a vice president at Northrop 
Grumman, was the pick to head the Air Force. Roche, a retired Navy captain, 
worked in the State Department during the Reagan administration and later was 
Democratic staff director for the Senate Armed Services Committee. 
The nominee for Army secretary was said to be Thomas White, 57, a retired 
Army general and an executive with Enron, a Houston-based energy company. 
White was executive assistant to Secretary of State Colin Powell when Powell 
was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
NEWS
Enron's Chief Denies Role as Energy Villain / Critics regard Kenneth Lay as 
deregulation opportunist
David Lazarus
Chronicle Staff Writer
03/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
A1
Kenneth Lay is one of the energy "pirates" accused by California's governor 
of fleecing consumers. As chairman of Enron Corp., the world's largest energy 
trader, Lay is arguably the biggest, baddest buccaneer of them all. 
But that's not how he wants to be seen. And he certainly doesn't like taking 
knocks from Gov. Gray Davis for having contributed to California's energy 
mess.
"It's very unfair," Lay said, his brown eyes taking on a puppy- dog quality. 
"He's trying to vilify us. But we didn't make the rules in California. We had 
nothing to do with creating the problem He gazed out from his plush, 50th-floor office. Houston's downtown 
skyscrapers jutted like sharp teeth against the overcast sky. 
"Everyone played by the rules," Lay said. "Now our reputations are being 
maligned In a sense, he's right. The ultimate blame does rest with California 
policymakers for deregulating the state's electricity market in such a 
ham-fisted way that power giants like Enron cleaned up by exploiting 
loopholes in the system. 
But Enron was no innocent bystander during the restructuring process. 
"Enron and Ken Lay were one of the major players behind the push for 
deregulation in California," said Janee Briesemeister, senior policy analyst 
in the Austin office of Consumers Union. "A lot of what's happening in 
California was their idea Those familiar with the state's deregulation efforts said Enron was 
especially eager to ensure that a newly created Power Exchange, where 
wholesale power would be bought and sold, was separate from the Independent 
System Operator, which would oversee the electricity grid. 
"This fragmented the wholesale market, making it harder to monitor," said 
John Rozsa, an aide to state Sen. Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, widely regarded as 
the godfather of California's bungled deregulation measures. 
"Enron isn't in the business of making markets work," Rozsa said. "They're in 
the business of making a buck In an ironic twist, however, Enron now could play a pivotal role in helping 
the state remedy past errors and find its energy footing. The company has 
that much clout. 
SEEKING LAY'S BLESSING 
Thus, as the governor pushes ahead with a scheme to purchase the transmission 
lines of California's cash-strapped utilities, he didn't hesitate to call 
recently seeking Lay's personal blessing for the plan. 
This must have been a sweet moment for the man who just weeks earlier had 
been castigated by Davis in the governor's State of the State speech. 
"I told him we couldn't support it," Lay said, a hint of a smile playing 
across his lips. "It will lead to an even less efficient transmission grid 
and, longer term, it could make things worse Why would Davis swallow his pride and court favor with Enron's big cheese? 
Simple: Davis will need the Bush administration's backing to make the 
power-line sale fly, and, many believe, there's no faster way to reach the 
new president than via the Houston office of his leading corporate patron. 
Lay, 58, and his company have donated more than $500,000 to Bush's various 
political campaigns in recent years, and he placed Enron's private jet at 
Bush's disposal during the presidential race. 
So great is Lay's influence with the president that some insist he is now 
serving effectively as shadow energy secretary, shaping U.S. energy policy as 
he sees fit. 
"There's a long history of Enron pulling the levers of its political 
relationships to get what it wants," said Craig McDonald, director of Texans 
for Public Justice, a watchdog group. "What Ken Lay thinks energy policy 
should be isn't very different from what George Bush and Dick Cheney think it 
should be ANOTHER VIEWPOINT 
Lay, of course, sees things differently. At the mere mention of his close 
rapport with the president, his eyes glazed over and he mechanically recited 
the words he has repeated numerous times in recent months. 
"I have known the president and his family for many years," Lay said. "I've 
been a strong supporter of his. I believe in him and I believe in his 
policies He insisted that reports of his having sway over Bush on energy matters are 
"grossly exaggerated Still, it is striking that Bush's quick decision after taking office to limit 
federal assistance in solving California's energy woes virtually mirrored 
Lay's own thoughts on the situation. So, too, with the administration's 
hands-off approach to resolving the crisis. 
Whatever else, California's power woes have been very kind to Enron's bottom 
line. The company's revenues more than doubled to $101 billion last year. 
They haven't hurt Lay, either. According to company records, his pay package 
more than tripled last year to $18.3 million. 
Lay and other Enron officials steadfastly refuse to break out the company's 
California earnings from other worldwide business activities. But Lay 
conceded that Enron's profit from California energy deals last year was "not 
inconsequential "We benefit from the volatility," he said. 
CAPTIVE MARKETPLACE 
That's putting it mildly. It could be said that California's energy mess was 
tailor-made for Enron, which is almost uniquely positioned to prosper from a 
captive marketplace in which electricity and natural gas prices are 
simultaneously soaring skyward. 
To understand why that is, one must look closely at Enron's complex business 
model. The company is much more than just a middleman in brokering energy 
deals. 
Lay, with a doctorate in economics and a background as a federal energy 
regulator, set about completely reinventing Enron in 1985 after taking over 
what was then an unexceptional natural-gas pipeline operator. 
As he saw it, the real action was not in distribution or generation of 
energy, but in transacting lightning-fast deals wherever electricity or gas 
is needed -- treating energy like a tradable commodity for the first time. 
Enron is now the leader in this fast-growing field, and uses that advantage 
to consolidate its position as the market-maker of choice for energy buyers 
and sellers throughout the country. 
It also exploits its size and trading sophistication to structure unusually 
creative deals. For example, if electricity prices are down but natural gas 
prices up, Enron might cut a deal to meet a utility's power needs in return 
for taking possession of the gas required to run the utility's plants. 
Enron could then turn around and sell that gas elsewhere, using part of the 
proceeds to purchase low-priced electricity from another provider, which it 
ships back to the original utility. 
"We do best in competitive markets," Lay said. "These are sustainable 
markets TRADING FRENZY 
Enron's trading floors buzz all day long with frantic activity as mostly 
young, mostly male employees scan banks of flat-panel displays in search of 
the best deals. Rock music blares from speakers, giving the scene an almost 
frat-party atmosphere. 
The company's trading volume skyrocketed last year with the advent of an 
Internet-based bidding system, which logged 548,000 trades valued at $336 
billion, making Enron by far the world's single biggest e-commerce entity. 
Kevin Presto, who oversees Enron's East Coast power trades, called up the 
California electricity market on his computer. With a few quick mouse clicks, 
he showed that Enron at that moment was buying power in the Golden State at 
$250 per megawatt hour and selling it at $275. 
"Some days we're at $250, some days $300 and some days $500," Presto said 
over the steady thump-thump of the trading floor's rock 'n' roll soundtrack. 
"There's truly a problem out there This is a recurring theme among Enron officials: California's electricity 
market is broken and Enron would prefer it if things just settled down. As 
Lay himself put it, "The worst thing for us is a dysfunctional marketplace In reality, California's dysfunctional marketplace means Enron isn't just 
making piles of money, it's seeing profits both coming and going. 
LOTS OF BUSINESS IN CALIFORNIA 
The company's energy services division, which handles the complete energy 
needs of large institutions, counts among its clients the University of 
California and California State school systems, Oakland's Clorox Co., and 
even the San Francisco Giants and Pac Bell Park. 
Enron purchases electricity on behalf of these clients from Pacific Gas and 
Electric Co., which by law must keep its rates frozen below current market 
values. At the same time, Enron sells power to PG&E at sky-high wholesale 
levels. 
In other words, Enron is buying back its own electricity from PG&E for just a 
fraction of the price it charges the utility. 
"These guys are the pariahs of the power system," said Nettie Hoge, executive 
director of The Utility Reform Network in San Francisco. "Why do we need 
middlemen? They don't do anything except mark up the cost To be fair, energy marketers such as Enron can help stabilize an efficient 
marketplace by promoting increased competition between buyers and sellers. 
This has proven the case in Pennsylvania, where Enron actively trades among 
about 200 market participants. 
But in an inefficient market such as California, a company like Enron can 
easily exacerbate things by exploiting loopholes in the state's ill-conceived 
regulatory framework. 
Sylvester Turner, a Houston lawmaker who serves as vice chairman of the state 
committee that oversees Texas utilities, said he can't blame Enron and other 
power companies for pursuing profits in California. 
"California set up some bad rules, and these companies played by the rules 
California set up," he said. "At the end of the day, they will behave to 
enhance their bottom lines But as Texas proceeds toward deregulation of its own electricity market next 
year, Turner said he has learned from California's experience -- and is 
taking steps to prevent Texas' power giants from shaking down local 
consumers. 
LESSONS FROM GOLDEN STATE 
He has written a bill intended to give the Texas Public Utility Commission 
more authority in cracking down on market abuses. The power companies are 
fighting the legislation as hard as they can. 
Not least among Turner's worries is that Texas will see what California 
officials believe happened in their state: A deliberate withholding of power 
by leading providers until surging demand had pushed prices higher. 
"I have that concern," he said. "I don't necessarily take these companies at 
their word For his part, Lay insists that Enron has never deliberately manipulated 
electricity prices. 
"I don't know of any of that," he said. "It's so easy to conjure up 
conspiracy theories As a sign of Enron's commitment to solving California's energy troubles, Lay 
said he supported Davis when the state began negotiating long-term power 
contracts on behalf of utilities. 
So how many contracts has Enron signed? 
Suddenly, the hurt, puppyish expression vanished from Lay's face, and a 
harder, more steely look glinted from his eyes. 
"None," he said. "We won't be signing until we're certain about recovering 
our costs Consider this a shot across California's bow.
PHOTO; Caption: Chairman Kenneth Lay said Enron had "nothing to do with 
creating the (energy) problem 
Enron boss says he's not to blame for profits in energy crisis
03/04/2001
Associated Press Newswires
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Yes, his business has profited handsomely from 
California's energy crisis, but Enron Corp. Chairman Kenneth Lay says he 
shouldn't be a scapegoat in California's energy crisis. 
That hasn't swayed Gov. Gray Davis, who has skewered energy companies such as 
Houston-based Enron for selling expensive power to California.
"Never again can we allow out-of-state profiteers to hold Californians 
hostage," Davis warned in his State of the State address. 
More recently, however, Davis called Lay to discuss negotiations as the state 
looks to buy power transmission lines from troubled utilities. 
"I told him we couldn't support it," Lay told the San Francisco Chronicle in 
an interview at his Houston office. "It will lead to an even less efficient 
transmission grid and, longer term, it could make things worse Lay is not just any private-sector energy czar - Enron Corp. is the world's 
largest energy trader and Lay is a close friend of President George Bush. Lay 
and his corporation have donated more than $500,000 to Bush's various 
political campaigns in recent years and he offered Bush use of Enron's 
private jet during the presidential race. 
But Lay said it's economics, not politics, that matter in California's energy 
crisis. And he thinks it unfair that Davis has blamed out-of-state energy 
brokers for the protracted problems. 
"We didn't make the rules in California," Lay said. "We had nothing to do 
with creating the problem The problem, many analysts agree, began with the state's deregulation of the 
power industry in 1996. Enron encouraged deregulation, and the state's 
ensuing power crisis has been lucrative for the corporation. 
Enron's stock jumped 86 percent in 2000 and its revenues more than doubled to 
$101 billion. Lay, 58, was compensated accordingly - he received nearly $16 
million in stock and cash beyond his $1.3 million salary last year, compared 
with less than $4 million in bonuses in 1999. 
Lay refused to say how much Enron has made off California's crisis, though he 
conceded the profit was "not inconsequential "We benefit from the volatility," said Lay, who took over Enron in 1985 and 
has helped turn the corporation into a major player in the trading of 
electricity as a commodity. 
But Lay rejected suggestions that Enron has manipulated prices upward by 
insisting California pay dearly for last-minute power that has helped keep 
the lights on in recent months. 
"I don't know of any of that," he said. "It's so easy to conjure up 
conspiracy theories."
BUSINESS
NET WORTH
The Stadium Curse? / Some stocks swoon after arena deals
Kathleen Pender
03/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
B1
Is buying the name of a big-league stadium the kiss of death for a company, 
or does it only seem that way? 
From Network Associates Coliseum in Oakland to the unfinished CMGI Field 
outside Boston, the nation is dotted with sports venues named after companies 
whose stocks have been sacked.
The Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens play in a stadium named after 
PSINet, whose stock has fallen 92 percent to $1.25 a share since it bought 
naming rights. 
The problem names are not all tech. 
The owners of the TWA Dome in St. Louis and Pro Player Stadium in Miami are 
looking for new corporate sponsors because their current ones are bankrupt. 
TWA is an airline. Pro Player was part of underwear-maker Fruit of the Loom. 
The home of the Anaheim Angels could be in the market for a new name if 
Edison International, parent of electric utility Southern California Edison, 
runs out of juice. 
Of course, these companies were not in trouble when they promised to pay tens 
or hundreds of millions of dollars to have their names plastered on a 
ballpark or arena. 
In fact, many were at their peak. 
Which begs the question: Should investors get worried when a company in which 
they own stock puts its name up among the floodlights? 
Brian Pears, head of equity trading with Wells Capital Management, wonders if 
companies are susceptible to some weird strain of the "Sports Illustrated 
curse." It seems as if any athlete who is pictured on the cover of SI 
magazine invariably loses his next game or pulls a groin muscle. 
Business celebrities suffer from a similar phenomenon: Amazon.com Chief 
Executive Officer Jeff Bezos was named Time magazine's 1999 person of the 
year just before his company's stock price tanked. 
Don Hinchey, who advises buyers and sellers in naming-rights deals, doesn't 
think the curse holds true in stadium and arena deals. 
"You can make a case that a company is doing well when it acquires a naming 
rights sponsorship, but you can't necessarily say it corresponds with a peak 
in its business," says Hinchey, director of creative services for the Bonham 
Group in Denver. 
TRACKING NAMING FIRMS 
To find out if Hinchey is right, I tracked the stock market performance of 
publicly held companies since they bought naming rights to 47 big-league 
sports venues in North America. 
I excluded facilities named after subsidiaries of larger companies, including 
Miller Park in Milwaukee (Miller Brewing is part of Philip Morris) and Pac 
Bell Park in San Francisco (Pacific Bell is owned by SBC Communications, 
which is putting its own name on an arena in San Antonio I used the announcement date as a starting point because stadium naming deals 
are, after all, marketing endeavors. The announcement of a deal generates 
tons of publicity, which is considered positive, even if the publicity is 
negative and even if the stadium won't open for several years. 
Then I compared each company's stock market performance with the Standard Poor's 500 index during the same period. 
The bottom line: 29 of the 47 companies that bought stadium or arena names 
are trading at a higher stock price today than when the deals were announced, 
according to data from FactSet Research Systems. (Two companies each bought 
two names and were counted twice But -- and this is a big but -- only 13 of them beat the S&P 500 during the 
period since their respective deals were announced. 
So buying a stadium name might not be a curse, but it's no guarantee the 
company will beat the market. 
WINNERS, LOSERS 
The companies that have done best since buying a name come from a wide 
variety of industries. 
The biggest winner is Qualcomm, a wireless telecommunications company. 
Although its stock is down 65 percent from its peak, it's still up 746 
percent since it agreed to slap its name on a San Diego stadium. 
The next-biggest winners include Target (discount stores), Ericsson (telecom 
equipment), Coors (beer), Fleet Financial (banking), Pepsi (soft drinks) and 
Enron (energy The biggest losers are TWA, PSINet (Internet service provider), CMGI 
(Internet incubator), Savvis Communications (telecom services) and Network 
Associates (network security software Network Associates' stock peaked about three months after it bought naming 
rights to the Oakland Coliseum in September 1998. Since then, it has suffered 
a string of setbacks. After the Securities and Exchange Commission questioned 
its accounting practices, it restated its financial results for 1997 and 
1998. Its CEO resigned in December. 
Network Associates is paying slightly more than $1 million per year for the 
coliseum name. It can get out of its 10-year deal after five years. 
The company "has been paying us," says Deena McClain, general counsel with 
the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Authority. "We haven't had any 
discussions with them" about changing the contract. 
Most naming-rights contracts have "out clauses that allow the parties to 
extricate themselves if they want, can or need to in the event of financial 
difficulties or if a team moves," says Hinchey. 
Although nobody likes to be associated with a loser, stadium owners may 
benefit if a troubled company cuts out of a deal early. 
That's because stadium name prices have skyrocketed since the mid- 1990s, 
when $1 million a year -- give or take -- was average. 
In 1999, FedEx agreed to pay $205 million over 27 years to be named home of 
the Washington Redskins. 
In 2000, CMGI agreed to pay $114 million over 15 years to have its name on 
the new home of the New England Patriots. It's questionable what kind of 
shape CMGI will be in when the stadium opens next year. 
The "10-gallon hat of naming rights deals," says Hinchey, is in Houston, 
where Reliant Energy will pay $300 million over 32 years to name the 
Astrodome and a new football stadium after itself. 
Some customers of Reliant's utility subsidiary were outraged when the deal 
was announced because the company was also raising electricity rates. 
Some shareholders also get perturbed when their company spends money on a 
stadium instead of a new plant or stock dividends. 
But Jim Grinstead, editor of Revenues from Sports Venues, says, "you have to 
look at the (stadium) purchase in light of total marketing budget. It sounds 
like big money, but frequently it's over 20 to 30 years. If you take out 
things the company might buy anyway, like tickets and luxury suites, it's 
small potatoes WHAT A DEAL IS WORTH 
The main benefit of a stadium deal is the exposure a company gets when a game 
is broadcast on TV or radio or mentioned in print. 
"This is the biggest bang for your buck in terms of branding," says Jennifer 
Keavney, a Network Associates vice president who negotiated the stadium deal. 
She says the cost of her deal, about $1 million a year, "won't even buy you a 
Super Bowl ad. It will buy five commercials on a nationally televised 
football game, maybe The Coliseum, perched beside Interstate 880, also acts like a giant billboard 
for the company, which frequently gets mentioned in traffic reports. 
Hinchey says most naming deals also include tickets and luxury boxes; on-site 
exposure through signage and kiosks; premium nights when the sponsor might 
offer samples at the park; and inclusion in programs, tickets and flyers. 
Most companies that strike stadium deals want to become a household name 
because they sell consumer products or services. 
But not always. 
3Com sold nothing but corporate networking gear when it bought the name to 
Candlestick Park in San Francisco in 1995. 
"It was a good move for them," says Jim Grinstead, editor of Revenues from 
Sports Venues. "They got the employees they were looking for, the visibility 
they were looking for. At the time, they were a player in a crowded field, 
and they wanted to look like a fun place to work Last April, 3Com extended its original 4-year contract for two more years. 
The biggest risk companies run is that the team that plays in their facility 
will be a loser. 
"Companies invest in an entity that can enhance their brand, their sales and 
hospitality efforts. Certainly that loses its luster if the team is not 
performing well," Hinchey says. "But corporations realize the team's success 
on the field fluctuates. It could be a champion one year, next year in the 
dumps The same can be said about the corporate sponsors, which is something stadium 
owners -- be they taxpayers or business tycoons -- must realize when they 
sell a name.
PHOTO; Caption: Rich Gannon of the Oakland Raiders scored in Oakland's 
Network Associates Coliseum last year. / Frederic Larson/The Chronicle 2000 
Hard to believe , huh
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/05/2001 11:31:02 AM
just saw your picture ion that magazine-one would never imagione that smart 
guy
was doing the " rerun" dance at the edf man pary just over a year ago 
I ordered 3 different things...I thought your "wine inventory listings are 
updated DAILY 
sales@popswine.com (Pops wine Sales) on 03/05/2001 02:28:38 PM
Thank You for your on-line order!
The item(s) you ordered are currently out-of-stock. You will be
automatically notified when they become available.
Thanks!!
Pop's Wines & Spirits
256 Long Beach Road
Island Park, New York 11558
516.431.0025
516.432.2648, fax
sales@popswine.com
www.popswine.com
Not impressive
sales@popswine.com (Pops wine Sales) on 03/05/2001 02:28:38 PM
Thank You for your on-line order!
The item(s) you ordered are currently out-of-stock. You will be
automatically notified when they become available.
Thanks!!
Pop's Wines & Spirits
256 Long Beach Road
Island Park, New York 11558
516.431.0025
516.432.2648, fax
sales@popswine.com
www.popswine.com
thanks
Andy Zipper@
11/01/2000 08:00 AM
FYI
I talked to Jay Surles and Kenny Policano at Adams Resources and concerning 
CATDADDY and POWERTRADE.  I informed Jay that it was in violation of their 
agreement to "sell, lease, retransmit, redistribute or provide directly or 
indirectly,any portion of the content of the Website to any third party They indicated that they had provided the id to one of their marketers in New 
England.  They also suggested that they had a broker that watched spreads for 
a commission therefore theoretically the broker was an employee of the 
company.  After all the bull they agreed to have them shut down and they 
would refrain from doing it again.
yes...please change griffith to trading.
thanks,
john
probably because jeff's out,, but let's go ahead and have it
Yes, I'm around all week and, I don't know why the Tuesday meeting was 
cancelled.
Gary
dinner or drinks tonight?
So my point shown a little bit right now..  Weather a little cooler for this 
week.  Overall normal for 6-10.  JV up 12 cents.  Think just as customers got 
totally fucked last year selling into the rally, they are going to buy all 
the way down.  Differnence is last year trade very happy to take in all the 
length.  This year trade not ready to get really short.  Not until healthy 
inj in April anyways.   I think money from here will be made being short, 
just question of what and when.  Think there'll be enough hedging demand to 
keep curve very strong unless phys market just totally rejects price level With amount of inj capacity available, hard to believe phys market is going 
to dictate prices for next couple months.  I think it will be spec and 
hedgers dictating.  Spec staying on sidelines right now and hedgers buying Leads to more upside potential in short term My point in V/X was that jv would be strong and cal2 hedging was from sell 
side leading to pressure on those spreads.  The california term power sales 
have totally changed that.  Before, the only thing customers were selling was 
cal 2.  Now, customer interest much more from buyside in cal 2,3 solely from 
california.  Now turning neutral v/x and x/z.  You have very valid points i like q/v more though.  I think you could have 10 cents of upside in that 
with little downside.  Thoughts?
so according to your analysis, had we been at $2.5 gas and we were not 
bordering on a recession, we would have had the highest AGA number of 
recorded history for this week, last week, or next week by 15 bcf?  seems a 
little far fetched to me.  Our analysis is saying: gas at 2.50 we would have 
had 4.5 bcf a day more demand.  that includes commercial residential 
industrial switching processing as far as 2 bcf/d  power gen demand- that counts the fact that last year was 
extremely mild versus expectation of normal summer this year, west will be 
running every gas unit virtually all hours as power demand is growing maybe 
5% still and hydro way down.  every molecule that can will flow west from 
waha this summer versus little last year.  east power prices really havent 
reached point of priceing out demand and heat rates healthy enough to where 
gas can go up without raising power prices to cut demand.  some concern of 
more efficient replacing less but hard to quantify.  we're trying to build 
the stack now to estimate frac margins now positive for all but most inefficient processors.  will 
continue coming back.  a little concerned about 2 oil prices.  bordering 
right there now for places like florida and actually saw fl demand rise 
100,000 last week as gas got to parity let me look into inj capability.  definitely bigger when field is empty from 
engineering standpoint so any problems really wont arise until fall when gen 
demand low and inj capacity lower...my initial thoughts.
bo seems as neutral as everyone else in the market right now.  really 
inactive.
to clarify, not raging bull.  i like everybody want to see what the inj 
numbers in april look like.  nobody putting a position on until that starts 
to clarify.  just think that hedging demand is making market a little short 
right now making next move up more likely.  would be scale up seller though
not really sure why cash trades at 10-15 back.  doesnt make any sense however as more fields start turning around throughout month, the stg arb to 
great in my opinion to keep spread there.  must close one way or the other notice that spread tightened to 6-8 towards end of trading friday?
in general think that gas is reaching the elasticity stage right here.  50 
cents lower and no switching, no processing, and gain back some demand market needs to see some big stg numbers first i think the best play right now is to start buying longer  term put spreads Jan 4/3.5 look great to me.  if we get back to 2.8 and don't match last 
year's early weather, bombs away 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/03/2001 07:03:14 AM
this doesnt allow for new generation demand-which is unclear cuz it requires
power px, also doesnt accrue for more eficient gen replacing inneficient,
weather of course. but 2bcf/d sounds hi-esp shudnt happen until loads peak in
july-shud be marginal in apr-jun
if you notice im not alot diff than your guys-4.6 demand destruction is
implied but im including a factor for R/C energy conservation-ie poor guys 
like
me turning lites off and thermostat down-its making a difference- that will be
less factor in shoulder demand months-reason why i think y on y s&d swing will
be closer to 5 bcf apr-jun, if px doesnt fall and electricity spikes i think
we'll see conservation return cuz i wont turn on my air cnditioner
now rember the 7.4 is vs gas at sub 6.00 ie february which is approx 
where
we are today
all that being said yes some demand has come back-but it is as i consider
extraordinary demand destruction-those things which never really have occured
before-like the level for fuel switching in jan and fractionation margins(ie
liquids) which were all non existent a year ago save for residual fuel. some
ammonia/fert prod  has come back as well. but when you get down to 2 -3 bcf/d
industrial in the more i think of it-may not be destruction anymore as mucha
unction of an economic slowdown.
anyway -i think i only know two guys that are bearish-me and one of your 
big
fund customers(ospraie). we'll see.  is collins bullish as well-he seems 
quieter
in the mkt lately.
heres another one-what you guys think the industry capacity for injection is
on a weekly basis? we sud test it...in other words if the max is say 105 then
means the basis will uttery colpase on daily cuz mkt will keep futs too hi and
be unable to inject all the gas available? thots
also, you any idea why cash at the hub alway seems to hold a 10-15 ct
discount lately daily vs next month futs? why not 5 or 30 cts? i dont get it 
bt
wondering if its transportation or storage cost related.
have a good weekdn my man
i think you are done with hhd/cdd stuff -ie did you complete the cdds vs
utilites demand? also monthly hdds vs residential and commercial
demand?(combined)?, cdds vs total stock change??
if all these are done add them to the summary sheet in usable formula 
form-ill
show you what i mean
then we start our price data base from bloom berg
check this out-using the regression you did for nov-march 99/00 came to a draw
of 155 with 195  gw hdds, i decreased the draw by the amount i beleive is the 
y
on y supply demand swing. ie 1.5 bcf prod
1.1  bcf./d import
3 bcf/d industrial
1.16 fuel switching
.5 ngl neg processing
1.3 r/c conservation
=7.4* 7=103 aga came in at 101, so excellant, back testing vs the week prior 
cam
to 81, vs aga 81 nt bad-is a very bearish s&d is this continues cuz says injections will be
enoromous in the spring
Are you around next Tuesday? 
The trader's roundtable meeting for Tuesday, March 6 at 4:00PM has been 
cancelled. 
Thanks!
Jennifer 
I think you need to check your AGA model.  7.2 bcf/d seems awfully high That's saying that had gas been at $2.5, the AGA for the week would have been 
151.  Look at the AGA history for last week, this week and next week.
94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 
3rd week of Feb  -64 -46 -64 -63 -77 -97 -136 -81
4th week of Feb  -132 -118 -62 -76 -47 -128 -74 -101 
1st week of Mar  -27 -132 -118 -57 -54 -69 -37 
Do you really think the # would have been 151 with no demand destruction?  It 
wasn't even really cold.  That would have been the highest AGA # of the three 
weeks by 15 bcf Our guys are thinking 4.5 bcf/d.  Pira is saying that Feb as a whole averages 
3.5-4 bcf/d. That's just destruction and does not include new production, if 
any.  Further Pira estimates that March destruction will be about half of 
Feb.  Assuming that gets to equilibrium:  2 bcf/d demand destruction, 2 bcf/d 
more production, 2 bcf/d more gas generation demand.  Start with a 400 b 
deficit and 200 injection days gets you to flat against last years storage in 
current price environment.   I think we are fairly priced fundamentally, but 
with huge customer imbalance for hedging from buy side, surprises in the 
market right now are to the upside in my view.  Course hard to imagine $6 for 
J.   Just sell vol.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:54:14 AM
my next aga number is 75-sllitely more than pira and assumes 7.2 bcf/d y on y
s&d swing-the higher prices now the uglier it'll be later.
contmaplating buying some 4.00 puts for lat 2nd q or early 3q for a few 
pennies.
so whaen we go above last years stx in may!!
beleive it or not pero been worse chop fest than gas-all i know is going to
steamboat co skiing next wed-sunday with mans refined prod groups next week so
taking postion down to the stuff i really like, dont have to worry too much
about.
John.Arnold@ on 03/02/2001 11:44:50 AM
i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history.  scale up seller,
scale down buyer.
reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today.  i'll see if i have any
new inspirations.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:25:45 AM
he will be if we cut him off for a week i bet he gets some inspiration.
have a
good weekdn. any view here? i think short term range stuff-med-longer term
you
know what i think.
sprds/front to backs range-bear em at -2 bull em at -5 till they go
prompt.
John.Arnold@ on 03/02/2001 11:22:30 AM
ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM
i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after
a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?
are you free at 3:00 today to go over the aga model?
i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history.  scale up seller, 
scale down buyer.
reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today.  i'll see if i have any 
new inspirations 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:25:45 AM
he will be if we cut him off for a week i bet he gets some inspiration. have a
good weekdn. any view here? i think short term range stuff-med-longer term you
know what i think.
sprds/front to backs range-bear em at -2 bull em at -5 till they go prompt.
John.Arnold@ on 03/02/2001 11:22:30 AM
ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM
i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after
a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?
ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM
i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?
it just wasn't the same without you.   how was el doritos?
Oh, I got it -- you must have had a good date.  So tell me about it since I 
missed it. 
maybe cal 2 
Caroline Abramo@
03/02/2001 08:00 AM
Thanks for talking to Catequil 
any chance we get 02 and 03 on-line soon?
freak show. cash started -7 then to -15 then -7 ended -15.
freak show.   started at -7.  went to -15 then -7 then finishing out -15
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/28/2001 08:32:27 AM
john wud you mind terrbly telling me how hen hub and east etc cash mkts are 
this
am as a delta to the screen? im working from home and my connection too slow 
to
get  eol??? appreciate it alot-i bot some apr/jul (bulls sprd) for a short 
term
play.
industrial demand the scary thing.  no question there are some steel mills 
and auto factories and plastics plants that were on last november that arent 
coming up now and its not due to gas prices.  the economy sucks and it will 
affect ind demand.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/28/2001 08:03:43 AM
at least a myn dollars-need to talk to pira on that. excellant point. need to 
do
some margin analyses . having said all that look at corporate earnings from 
last
year to this year regardless of natgas costs as a feed industrials will be
running slower and consumers just now feeling the pinch as rate increases have
only just recently gotten approved and passed to the likes of us and people 
less
fortunate than us.
John.Arnold@ on 02/27/2001 11:05:40 PM
but that's my point.  the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning
of Jan.  The price level was $9.  Of course there is a lag.  Let's make up
a lag time...say one month.   On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70.  Probably a
similar lag on the way down.  Cash is $5.20 today.  How much lost demand
will there be in a month if we're still $5.2?   million dollar question if
you can answer that.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/27/2001 08:12:32 PM
off the cuff i wud say tho same goes for 5.00 gas-currently 6-7 bcf/day
swing y
on y too much, to buy this level you need to take the view that industrial
america and residential and end users will be able to get back on their
feet and
recocover a lion share of the 4-4.5 bcf/d demand destruction(this assumes
as
current. very little if any dist fuel switching. i think the answer is
no-not
unless the economy was jump starter quickly-2nd q is gone,so maybe th 4q.
remember the demand destruction and industrial shit really just started
only 6
weeks ago-me thinks it will take longer than that to get back into full
swing.
we all trade the y on y gap...all things remaining equal(ie term px for the
summer), starting april we'll have a surplus the other way by july barring
a
greenhouse in the ohio valley
good to hear your view pt as always-even if it is wrong!!! ha
John.Arnold@ on 02/27/2001 08:23:22 PM
Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the
risk/reward play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and
generator buying would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in
price in H, the strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest.
i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching,
full liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric
generation demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around
1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2
bcf/d out of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start
really losing demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about
recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM
its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a
month ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but
here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day
y on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will
effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan
for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in
the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than
heat. i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top
of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.
as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon
and ill
keep you posted.
94
michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 02/28/2001 07:13:22 AM
Good Morning,
Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.
Last Year      -74
Last Week      -81
Thanks,
Michael Byrne
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
Ina:
Can you get this paid on a rush basis?
thanks,john
Attached is an invoice that covers the three-month trial  period.? Hope all 
is well.
?
Mark Sagel
- invoice enron 9938.doc
but that's my point.  the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning 
of Jan.  The price level was $9.  Of course there is a lag.  Let's make up a 
lag time...say one month.   On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70.  Probably a 
similar lag on the way down.  Cash is $5.20 today.  How much lost demand will 
there be in a month if we're still $5.2?   million dollar question if you can 
answer that.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/27/2001 08:12:32 PM
off the cuff i wud say tho same goes for 5.00 gas-currently 6-7 bcf/day swing 
y
on y too much, to buy this level you need to take the view that industrial
america and residential and end users will be able to get back on their feet 
and
recocover a lion share of the 4-4.5 bcf/d demand destruction(this assumes as
current. very little if any dist fuel switching. i think the answer is no-not
unless the economy was jump starter quickly-2nd q is gone,so maybe th 4q.
remember the demand destruction and industrial shit really just started only 
6
weeks ago-me thinks it will take longer than that to get back into full swing.
we all trade the y on y gap...all things remaining equal(ie term px for the
summer), starting april we'll have a surplus the other way by july barring a
greenhouse in the ohio valley
good to hear your view pt as always-even if it is wrong!!! ha
John.Arnold@ on 02/27/2001 08:23:22 PM
Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the
risk/reward play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and
generator buying would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in
price in H, the strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest.
i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching,
full liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric
generation demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around
1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2
bcf/d out of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start
really losing demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about
recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go.
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM
its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a
month ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but
here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day
y on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will
effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan
for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in
the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than
heat. i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top
of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.
as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon
and ill
keep you posted.
Forgot, I'm leaving town tomorrow afternoon.  Will be back Thursday morn We'll do it some other time.
Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the risk/reward 
play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and generator buying 
would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in price in H, the 
strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2 
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be 
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching, full 
liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric generation 
demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around 1.5 bcf/d 
greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2 bcf/d out 
of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start really losing 
demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about recession in 
industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think 
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward 
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage 
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go 
slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM
its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a month 
ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas 
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day y 
on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C 
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power 
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than heat. 
i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to 
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.
as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon and 
ill
keep you posted.
Would prefer a stand alone button as sometimes the problem is I can't operate 
stack manager.  I need the ability to force everybody out of the website so 
people don't try to click numbers that are old 
On a similar topic, what's the status of the out of credit message?  Still a 
very frustrating problem for both counterparties and me 
Do I need to follow up with Bradford about lowering sigma?
Grab me Thursday afternoon to talk.
I asked them to permission on your stack manager this function. You might 
want to have it as a stand alone icon on your desktop in case you can't 
operate stack manager.
When you have a second I'd like to talk about the broker EOL product and ED F 
Man.
Congrats on a big day. Total EOL gas volume was 425BcF 
very interesting.... i've been looking for new activities.  maybe i was born 
to be a knight
(I can find anything!)
It looks like they are an organization of Catholic men (with 'Vote for
life' on their web site - scarry!).  I'm voting at a middle school.
Let's hope I don't get shot.
---- John.Arnold@ wrote: