A 1960 Moment
 Al Gore's selection of Joe Lieberman gives Democrats--and everyone
 else--something to cheer about.
 BY PEGGY NOONAN
 Monday August 7, 2000 4:26 p.m. EDT
 The choice of Joe Lieberman of Connecticut as Al Gore's running mate is so
 smart, so clever, so good, so satisfying, so striking that it just may
 turn
 this election a bit on its head for a while. Certainly its most immediate
 effect is going to be a successful Democratic convention next week in Los
 Angeles, because now the Democrats, badly hit by their own form of Clinton
 fatigue and acutely aware of the particular charmlessness of their
 presidential candidate, have something to cheer about. They respect Joe
 Lieberman. They think he has a center, a moral and ethical view of the
 world. He is experienced and articulate. He is decent and intelligent. He
 is
 independent. The media love him. He is a regular co-star on Imus, and all
 of
 the columnists and reporters for the elite newspapers, and all of the
 electronic pundits and anchors, know him and admire him.
 But that is not what is most wonderful. What is most wonderful is that he
 is
 an Orthodox Jew. What does this mean? It means a lot of people who love
 America more than they love parties or politics are happy that a big and
 great breakthrough has occurred. A friend, a journalist who is politically
 conservative and Jewish, e-mailed me to tell me he had been weeping all
 morning, that he'd cried when he heard the news. Another friend, a
 producer at a TV news show, called and told me she woke her father in
 California to give him the news and they both got choked up. "This is like
 1960," she said, and I said I know, and I got choked up. It is wonderful
 when America is at her most American, and breaks down another barrier and
 says "What's in your heart is most important."
 If Joe Lieberman had been Joe Lee, and an Episcopalian, Al Gore would have
 been smart to pick him. He would have been an obvious choice. The only
 reason he would have hesitated over Mr. Lieberman is that he's Jewish. Mr.
 Gore decided that was just fine. I think that I have never seen Al Gore do
 such an elegant, intelligent and original thing. Well done, Mr. Gore.
 I have to tell you, this really does feel like a 1960 moment to me. I was
 a
 little girl when a Catholic got chosen to run for president, and I had
 gathered from the conversation of grownups that You Don't Elect Catholics
 to the Presidency. When it happened, it's hard to describe how exciting
 and
 moving and idealism-inspiring it was. It gave a lot of people a lot of
 joy.
 It opened things up more. That was a good thing. So is this.
 And because this is such a good thing, I hope everyone of whatever
 politics
 or persuasion sits back for a few days and feels good about it. Everyone
 should be nice and not do any political bashing until . . . Friday.
 However, I think it's okay and maybe even helpful to note the following.
 Network producers are going to decide, in their bright and touchingly
 uninformed minds, that the big opponents of the Lieberman choice will be
 Christian conservatives. That's where they'll go for the negative sound
 bites. But Christian conservatives love Joe Lieberman. They've been arm in
 arm with him in the great cultural battles of the past decade. He was just
 about the only Democrat who'd give them the time of day. He was on their
 side.
 The last time I saw Mr. Lieberman was last spring, in New York, at a
 symposium on Hollywood and the culture. I moderated and introduced our
 guests--Joe Lieberman and Bill Bennett, who are close friends and
 co-warriors in the values battle. Lieberman and Bennett very frankly
 talked
 to the audience of producers and writers and network people and movie
 stars about how to make television and film and music more decent, more
 helpful.
 This is how people on the right think of and have experienced Mr.
 Lieberman--as a good guy with his head screwed on right.
 Many conservative Christians--I think most conservative Christians--see
 all
 of those who love God as part of the same "cultural minority."
 Conservative
 Christians don't feel they have much in common, in terms of their
 political
 desires, with atheists and agnostics and leftist Episcopalian bishops and
 such. But they think they have a great deal in common with Orthodox Jews.
 They crowd around Rabbi Daniel Lapin when he speaks at a conservative
 gathering; they crowd around Dennis Prager, Michael Medved, David Horowitz
 and scores of others. One of the biggest heroes of conservative Christians
 is an Orthodox Jew called Dr. Laura; the last time I saw her she was
 wowing them at a born-again Christian assembly at the National Prayer
 Breakfast last February.
 A powerful and respected political officeholder told me Monday that
 there's
 "no upside" to the Lieberman choice. I told him there's no downside. He
 was surprised and said, "He can't even campaign on Saturdays!" I said so
 what, America would love to see a politician who actually put God first
 one day a week.
 I wish I'd added this: Remember Sandy Koufax? Joe Lieberman not
 campaigning on Saturday is Sandy Koufax not pitching on Yom Kippur. There
 were a lot of great sports moments in the 1950s and 1960s, but none
 greater than the day in 1965 when Mr. Koufax put God before the World
 Series. What a great guy, what a lesson for a generation of Christian and
 Jewish kids. And Muslims and everyone else too.
 Yes, it's good news for Hillary. It's great news for Hillary. It enlivens
 part of her New York base, it says to New York Jews that the Democrats are
 the party that did this great thing, it excites people--and may help them
 forget, or at least not remember so vividly, that the Democratic
 senatorial
 candidate has, shall we say, a not fully satisfying relationship with New
 York's Jews. A historic choice like the Mr. Lieberman can overwhelm a lot
 of
 previous bad static.
 But let's not care about that for now. The headline is not "Is It Good for
 Hillary?" The headline is: "It Is Good for America." It is a wonderful
 country that does something like this, that takes a good man who is a
 member of a small ethnic/religious minority to be one of its two major
 vice
 presidential candidates, and that greets that choice with resounding
 hurrahs.
 This is really a great day. We should all be happy. We really are a
 maturing
 democracy.
Thanks for the update.  Any suggestions on anyone we might retain if this 
becomes a big "government to government" issue?
John Hardy@_DEVELOPMENT
01/26/2001 03:00 PM
Steve
With regard to Dabhol, Tom Briggs and I have already provided a status 
briefing on the Dabhol situation to agencies across the government including DoEnergy, DOCommerce,DOState and DOTreasury.  The briefing was with 
staff and brought them up to speed on where we stand.   As the new 
administration moves into the positions relevant to the situation we will 
brief them - all the way up to the cabinet officals.  I understand that Colin 
Powell has already been briefed on the situation  and I know the Ambasssador 
has been front and center on the issue.
If we were to move into a crisis mode, we will need to brief senior officals 
of the new administration at each of the  above agencies as well as the VP's 
office.  Given their interest I think we will be able to do that quickly.
We have also briefed OPIC and EXIM about the situation - they are 
comfortable at this point.
I am also getting the World Bank re-engaged to the extent that it is helpful 
and not a problem.  They have resources that can help MSEB reform themselves 
if MSEB will view it has a help.  It is a sensitive issue because the Bank 
has historically been anti-Dabhol so I am taking it step by step.
If you have any other questions just let me know.  thanks John 
I think the documents look good.  I will discuss with Ken and Jeff (after 
finalizing a few outstanding items with these individuals).
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
01/26/2001 03:34 PM
Attached are the proposed letter to employees and response statement for any 
media inquiries.  Your comments and approval would be appreciated.  FYI, we 
have not had any more inquiries about Sanjay over the past two days and will 
not use either of these until you tell us to proceed.
John
calendar and WGA meeting file
Susan M Landwehr
01/26/2001 05:01 PM
Everyone---conference call on Monday Jan 29 at 2:15pm central time to discuss 
strategy for Steve Kean's participation in the Feb 2 meeting in Portland Please take a look at the materials that Alan Comnes sent out earlier today 
so that we can discuss which charts/information should be included in Kean's 
materials packet.  Call in number:
1-877-322-9654  pin #793474 host #299461          12:15 west/2:15 
central/3:15 east
Maureen--if Steve is able to join us after his 2:00 appointment that would be 
great--we should be able to narrow the discussion down a bit by the time he 
joins the call.  Thanks.
Susan M Landwehr
01/25/2001 08:45 PM
Hey all---  Paul is meeting with Gov Kempthornes office tomorrow, so we 
should be able to let everyone know where we think the governors are heading 
and it would be good to share whatever info the folks in the DC office have 
gathered prior to the WGA meeting in Portland.  Could each of you please let 
me know if you are available for a conference call on Monday Jan 29th in the 
afternoon.  I'm thinking 2:00 central 
James D Steffes
01/22/2001 07:28 AM
After the WGA meeting on Feb 2, maybe it would help to get Enron's team on 
Western matters back together to discuss who will call whom?  Sue, can you 
arrange the right time, etc.?
Jim
Susan M Landwehr
01/21/2001 11:22 PM
Jim--I had a wide ranging social/business conversation with Curt Hebert on 
Saturday night at one of the inaugural events.  I'll call you to give you the 
details, including all the good things I said about you!!!  He was being 
quite negative about the WGA Feb 2 meeting in Portland, basically saying that 
his predecessor had committed to some positions that he was not in agreement 
with, and that he didn't think he wanted to participate.  I promised him that 
either you or I would call him after our Governor meetings this week to give 
him our sense of where the positions/players were going to shake out.  My 
initial thought was that we would want him there as a good voice on our side, 
but my second thought is that there might be a better strategy play not 
having FERC there.  As you saw by the e mail exchange last week between 
Cynthia Sandherr and me, the democrat senators Murray and Cantwell are also 
following this meeting, although I don't know if they are participating.
I'll call you tomorrow and fill you in on the conversation
Linda--I also made a small commitment on tobacco issues that I'll need to 
talk to you about!
Yes Steve Kean will be able to come to DC for the Feb 6 mtg.  I will 
rearrange his calendar to make it work.  I will let you know his itinerary as 
soon as I have finalized it.
Tom Briggs
01/25/2001 12:55 PM
Steve, 
If you are available, the new UK Energy Minister Peter hain has asked to meet 
with Enron at 3pm on 6 February here in our DC offices.  If you or another 
senior Enron official cannot make it or do not want to make it, please let me 
know ASAP as I will scratch the date from his diary.  Schroeder thought it 
would be useful for you to do it 
Here's the picture of Steve Kean 
I am Mr. Kean's assistant, Maureen McVicker.  I will try to get you the 
answers to these questions as soon as possible.
I will also send you an email picture of Mr. Kean.
Maureen McVicker
"Kiyoshi Ando"  	01/23/2001 10:04 AM
Mr. Steve Kean
Executive Vice President
Enron Corp
Dear Mr. Steve Kean
It was such a pleasure having chance do an interview last week. I have a few 
follow up questions.
1)According to today's Wall Street Journal, Mr. Jeffrey Skilling, president 
and chief executive-elect of Enron, is saying the company could sell some 
power to PG&E and SoCal at 55 cents per kilowatt hour. Am I understanding 
your position right? Is it going to be something like a 5 year contract? Will 
it help your business at all?
2)California Power Exchange has decided to cease its operation by the end of 
April. Do you think this is the right decision? How do you think you can set 
up a new competitive market? Or, won't you need such a market? Will it be 
better to use the markets outside Califorinia or to rely on direct trading?
3)How much supply do you have in excess from which you can offer power to 
California?
Please see the attached documents.
the format looks good to me.  I'd suggest that you prepare the talking points 
for Jeff and schedule some time to brief him in advance.  I got a response 
from ted on Fri to the voicemail i left for him.  It sounded like he fully 
understood your role and would take the appropriate steps with respect to the 
recruiters.  Is it straightened out now?
Lisa Connolly
01/23/2001 05:04 PM
Scheduled for Febr. 1 at 2pm.
Location - at a fire station in a Hispanic Community - exact location will be 
forwarded shortly but estimated distance from ENE office = less than 15 min.
Expect News Conference to last a total of 30 minutes, including Q&A. Jeff 
Skilling will be spokesperson for Selection Committee. However, we will try 
to have as many committee members present as possible. 
Mayor will likely discuss (estimated time = 10 min  - changes that are required at HFD - potential need to bring in an outsider, 
etc  - reasoning behind involvement of Enron/Jeff Skilling & formation of 
selection committee - de-politicize the process, etc 
JS should speak about the following (estimated time = 10-15 min  - how he became involved in the process
- how the committee members were selected
- who the members are with a brief background on each (We plan to provide a 
bio on each of the committee members as part of the press release)
- time line for Fire Chief selection 
Q&A (estimated time = 5-10 min.)
- expect questions along the lines of: Are the meetings going to be open or 
closed?, Outsider vs. Insider related questions 
Please let me know if you have any questions/comments/issues with the above. 
I'll coordinate collection of Bios from Committee members. Anything else I 
can do to help out here?
Lisa
STEVE KEAN
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, January 29
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
attachment
Steven J Kean
01/21/2001 05:02 PM
My proposed changes.
Elizabeth Ivers
01/21/2001 03:23 PM
A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script Please comment.  Thanks.
FYI
Jimmy Mogal@_DEVELOPMENT
08/09/2000 04:44 AM
Just happened to pick up from a third source that Shantanu, Principal 
Correspondent in Delhi of 'The Telegraph' is doing  a story today about the 
arbitration. So far he has not called in for our participation and I am 
refraining from being proactive. While the eastern centric  'Telegraph'  is 
Calcutta's largest daily, we can expect further pick up thereon with possible 
media querries tomorrow onwards. As advised, I will forward such querries to 
John Ambler. 
Jimmy
Steven J Kean
01/21/2001 05:02 PM
My proposed changes.
Elizabeth Ivers
01/21/2001 03:23 PM
A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script Please comment.  Thanks.
Steven J Kean
01/21/2001 05:02 PM
My proposed changes.
Elizabeth Ivers
01/21/2001 03:23 PM
A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script Please comment.  Thanks.
My proposed changes.
Elizabeth Ivers
01/21/2001 03:23 PM
A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script Please comment.  Thanks.
I think there is merit in pursuing this.  A couple of comments:
It may be unduly complicated to get customers to provide the funding. =20
Perhaps we should focus on the banks instead.  The deal might be further=20
funding in exchange for legislative and regulatory concessions on rates,=20
transmission and generation siting and the rest of the items you outline.
Rubin would be great to have, but having watched Summers in action I'm not=20
sure we need another ex-treas.  Summers is superb, up-to-speed, and=20
apparently willing to work on this.  Linda -- how would Larry feel if we=20
brought in his ex-boss (I know they're buddies but does Summers really need=20
the help Need to keep an eye on the ball for large customers-- many of whom are ours. =20
they will continue to need some access to better rates.  Perhaps the proposal=20
could be converted to cash in exchange for demand reductions.
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0901/20/2001 10:54 PM
=09=09=20
=09Jeff Dasovich
=09Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
=0901/20/2001 10:51 PM
=09=09=20
Dean Tyson:
It was a pleasure to see you again today. Phil, it was a pleasure to meet you=20
and I look forward to working together.  Since time is of the essence, I=20
wanted to summarize where we left off at today=01,s meeting regarding California=01,
s energy crisis.  That summary is attached.  I've also attached three=20
articles from the business section of today's Chronicle that arguably bolster=20
our arguments for adopting the approach that we discussed at today's meeting.
Given the fact that the legislative process is moving rapidly, bankruptcy is=20
a daily threat, and Dean Tyson will be attending the meetings in Davos, it=20
appears that our window of opportunity is very small.  It seems that success=20
requires a meeting of the principals by the end of the week, if not sooner. =20
The chances of success are obviously limited, but I think that we agreed that=20
all concerned have nothing to lose and everything to gain by taking a shot.=20
Your offer to help in the effort obviously increases the likelihood of=20
success and is greatly appreciated. =20
My apologies in advance if I have mischaracterized any of the points made at=20
the meeting.  It represents a =01&first cut,=018 it will undoubtedly change as the=20
details get worked out, and I=01,m sure I=01,ve missed something.  So please don=01,t=20
hesitate to edit the draft.
Please keep in mind that I have not had a chance to discuss this proposal=20
internally.  As such, I can=01,t yet commit Enron to the specifics of the=20
proposal.  But I=01,m confident that the company can support something akin to=20
this structure and can let you and Phil know first thing Monday.
In addition, given the political environment in California, Enron has played=20
a constructive role by providing low-key, behind the scenes advice and=20
analysis to policy makers.  That approach seems preferable in this effort as=20
well.
Finally, Dean Tyson, I mentioned that Linda Robertson heads-up our Washington=20
D.C. office.  If she can help in any way, please don=01,t hesitate to let me=20
know.  Both of you should feel free to call me at home over the weekend to=20
discuss things further.  My home phone is 415.621.8317.
Best,
Jeff
schedule and meeting file
Kelly Johnson
01/17/2001 03:21 PM
schedule and file.  I will be presenting at this meeting.
Rebecca Carter
Sent by: Kelly Johnson
01/19/2001 11:27 AM
Please respond to kelly.johnson
Please send comments to Elizabeth ASAP.
Elizabeth Ivers
01/21/2001 03:23 PM
A starting point for the California section of the Conference Call script Please comment.  Thanks.
You need to be aware that we are in the process of selling the Wind Co.  Mark 
Metts and Amit Walya are working on this.  If the price changes under the QF 
contracts it would impact the sale.  Call Amit to discuss (345-5570).
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/21/2001 10:23 AM
"Steven Kelly"  	01/21/2001 05:42 AM
Please respond to "Steven Kelly"
An important conference call is scheduled for 12:30 p.m. (PST) on Sunday, 
Today, Jan 21 to discuss the status of legislative meetings on QF/SRAC 
matters  
Call-In number is            888-422-7124
Particpant Code is          111756
Status Report
After a marathon 12 hour meeting with Assemplyman Keeley, Senator Battin, QF 
Parties, and SCE, a Keeley sponsored "deal" was proposed at 3:30 a.m. this 
morning.  The crux of the deal is as follows:
For renewables and non-gas fired QF, essentially  
7.8 cents/kwh for delivered power for 5 years ["all in", i.e. includes 
capacity and energy]
1.0 on losses
no 'clawback' for wind resources which may have failed to meet fixed capacity 
obligations in the past
Applies "going forward" (presumedly Feb. 1)
For gas-fired QFs  
7.8 cents/kwh for five years, assuming gas is $5.60;  payment will 
increase/decrease tied to gas  (this assumes an IER of 9821)
1.0 on line losses
applies "going forward"
Caacity True-up and "forbearance" were not addressed.  Credit worthiness will 
be address in the technical conference scheduled for later today (Sunday This program will require in part legislative blessing and direction, 
followed by CPUC approval of individual contract amendments.  This is 
essentially the PG&E/QF "deal" for the gas guys.  For the renewables, it is 
more of a fixed payment approach.
A "Technical Conference" is scheduled for Sunday (today) in Sacramento to 
work out some of the implementing details.
Teresa Wright
01/18/2001 11:34 AM
FYI
Calendar Entry
Brief description:
Date:
Time:
International Compensation Meeting with Michelle Cash, Mary Joyce, Steve Kean 
& Rob Walls (EB5012) - tw
01/19/2001
02:30 PM - 03:00 PM
Detailed description:
Chairperson: 
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting 
Teresa Wright
01/18/2001 11:35 AM
Calendar Entry
Brief description:
Date:
Time:
Ken Lay, Steve Kean & Mary Joyce (EB5005) - tw
01/22/2001
01:00 PM - 01:15 PM
Detailed description:
Chairperson: 
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting 
As we discussed.
Richard Shapiro
08/03/2000 07:35 AM
Joseph Alamo
08/02/2000 07:51 PM
For your review:
I know Chip personally, as, of course, does Leslie.  Leslie may be better 
able to speak to Chip's judicial background.  Chip is a fine man and deeply 
involved in his community.  Any chance we could pass word on to Sen. Dom.'s 
office?
Leslie Lawner
01/19/2001 11:41 AM
Steve, I know you are overloaded, but maybe you can tell me if Cynthia or 
someone else can help on this.  Thanks.  And I will tell Chip that you don't 
spell your name "Cane."
"Judge William P. Johnson"  	01/19/2001 10:06 AM
Leslie:  I have delivered a letter and resume to Senator Domenici's office.
I am attaching a copy of my letter to Senator Domenici and my resume.  There
are already a couple of letters sent to Senator Domenici on my behalf;
however, I do not know the best way to time this thing because President
Bush has to get his administration in place and there are a lot of positions
that will require Senate confirmation and everything is running behind
because of all the post election issues.  If you get a chance to talk with
Steve Cane about my application, I would certainly appreciate it.  I am sure
there are people at Enron close to Senator Domenici and he is the one who
will be making the call, so I would be interested in knowing what you and
Steve think.  In any event, thanks for all your help and let me know if the
attachments do not come through with this e-mail.  I am still somewhat
incompetent when it comes to e-mail technology although I think it is a
great way to communicate.  As an aside, in divorce cases where the two
parties have internet access, I require them to communicate by e-mail.
Thanks and I'll see you back in Roswell.  Chip
- domenici.wpd
- RESUME.WPJ
Any interest?
Brian Medd-Sygrove  	01/19/2001 12:11 PM
Dear Steven,
You have very kindly directed us in the right direction before.
Derek (Goodwin) has asked me to contact you. Derek is organizing a UK
Technology Forum on behalf of the Houston British Consulate General &
Invest.UK offices to be held in Houston in March. The purpose of which is to
foster & strengthen links between the technology-driven communities of
Houston & the UK. BT will showcase the leading-edge technology
infrastructure in the UK and a British Consulate General/Invest.UK speaker
will outline of the resources available to facilitate business expansion to
the UK.
The Forum will take the form of a breakfast & include the welcome &
introduction of a keynote speaker and a panel of 3 other speakers from
Houston based technology companies that have set-up an operation in the UK.
The panelists will give a brief overview of the why's & wherefor's behind
their decision to locate in the UK. The Forum will conclude with a moderated
Q&A session.
As Houston is a fast growing high-tech city, especially in the energy
sector, Derek has asked if you can refer him to the right person within
Enron with whom he can speak regarding Enron's possible involvement in the
Forum.
We'd appreciate any help you can give.
Sincerely,
Brian Medd-Sygrove
Vice Consul (Investment)
Invest.UK
British Consulate General
1000 Louisiana, Suite 1900
Houston Texas 77002
713 659 6275 Ext 42
- EXCHANGE(SE).RA-ATT
Need a hard copy ... I don't have a password for cera
=09Eric Benson
=0901/20/2001 10:02 AM
=09=09=20
Steve, Rick and Jim -=20
Below is an article from CERA that summarizes the current situation in=20
California.
Eric
=09webmaster@cera.com
=0901/19/2001 05:16 PM
=09=09=20
Title: High Speed Regulation in California
URL 
A Feverish Pitch
The pace of regulatory and political events in California has taken on the
feverish pitch of the energy market crisis itself. Important decisions
regarding a wide range of market structure issues are being made quickly at=20
the
California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) and the state Legislature,
increasing the level of uncertainty most market participants already perceive
in the quickly evolving California market. Sudden changes are being made to=20
the
market structure, changes that used to require years in California=01,s complex
regulatory and legislative proceedings.
As rolling blackouts have rippled through urban centers of Northern California
on January 17 and 18, including in portions of downtown San Francisco,
Sacramento, and the Silicon Valley, state officials are scrambling to set up
the appropriate credit mechanisms to ensure the continued delivery of scarce
western energy supplies to California=01,s two largest utilities. Even at prices
near $800 per megawatt-hour (MWh), the California Department of Water=20
Resources
(CDWR), attempting to buy power on behalf of Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E)
and Southern California Edison (SCE), has been unable to secure enough to keep
the lights on. In the mean time, legal actions by some energy suppliers
threaten to tip the utilities into bankruptcy=01*and are being held at bay only=20
by
direct intervention of California=01,s governor.
Below is a summary of the various state actions being pursued concurrently:
*California governor. California Governor Gray Davis continues to attempt to
act on behalf of PG&E and SCE to secure long-term contracts for supply from
merchant generation owners and marketers in California. On the same front, the
governor has been negotiating with generators in an attempt to keep them from
seeking compensation through the courts for energy delivered to the utilities.
Court-ordered reimbursement could prompt bankruptcy.
*Legislature. Bills have been approved to authorize continued power purchases
on behalf of PG&E and SCE by the CDWR, to restructure the independent system
operator=01,s (ISO) governing board to consist of five members appointed by the
governor, to restrict the ability of the ISO to enter into a broader=20
interstate
regional transmission organization (RTO) without the explicit approval of
California=01,s Electricity Oversight Board, and to prohibit the divestiture of
the investor-owned utilities=01, remaining generating assets until 2006. The
vehicle for pursuing authorization of state bond financing for acquisition of
transmission assets and construction of new generation facilities is still
being developed.
*California Public Utilities Commission. On January 18 the CPUC adopted a
decision prohibiting the sale of SCE=01,s Mohave Generating Station to AES. This
voids a sale that was announced but not closed. The CPUC also delayed=20
decisions
regarding SCE=01,s application to end its rate freeze and the prudency criteria
for utilities entering into long-term supply contracts.
Some of these issues will continue to evolve as they progress along their
respective and sometimes intersecting paths, and some will need to pass=20
through
multiple review bodies. This rapid and erratic evolution has not helped to
decrease either the financial risk associated with supplying energy to
California=01,s two largest utilities, or the level of uncertainty in developing
new generation to supply California in the future.
The ISO anticipates that it will call stage 3 emergencies (reserves less than
1.5 percent) for January 19 and will most likely continue to curtail
interruptible customers through the weekend. Western energy supplies are being
strained by recent heavy usage of hydroelectric facilities where water=20
supplies
are already as much as 25 percent below average, owing to low precipitation=20
and
continued plant outages near 9,000 MW in California. The gravity of the
financial condition of California=01,s two largest utilities is exemplified by=20
the
need for other, more creditworthy intermediaries, including California
municipal utilities, state agencies, and some unregulated energy suppliers, to
act as temporary  guarantors for the acquisition of energy on behalf of PG&E
and SCE.
**end**
Follow above URL for full report.
Come Shoot the Rapids with us at CERAWeek2001, "Shooting the Rapids:
Strategies and Risks for the Energy Future" in Houston, February 12-16, 2001!
For more information and to register, please visit
E-mail Category: Alert
CERA Knowledge Area(s): Western Energy,
Forgot your username and password? Go to:
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/21/2001 10:23 AM
"Steven Kelly"  	01/21/2001 05:42 AM
Please respond to "Steven Kelly"
An important conference call is scheduled for 12:30 p.m. (PST) on Sunday, 
Today, Jan 21 to discuss the status of legislative meetings on QF/SRAC 
matters  
Call-In number is            888-422-7124
Particpant Code is          111756
Status Report
After a marathon 12 hour meeting with Assemplyman Keeley, Senator Battin, QF 
Parties, and SCE, a Keeley sponsored "deal" was proposed at 3:30 a.m. this 
morning.  The crux of the deal is as follows:
For renewables and non-gas fired QF, essentially  
7.8 cents/kwh for delivered power for 5 years ["all in", i.e. includes 
capacity and energy]
1.0 on losses
no 'clawback' for wind resources which may have failed to meet fixed capacity 
obligations in the past
Applies "going forward" (presumedly Feb. 1)
For gas-fired QFs  
7.8 cents/kwh for five years, assuming gas is $5.60;  payment will 
increase/decrease tied to gas  (this assumes an IER of 9821)
1.0 on line losses
applies "going forward"
Caacity True-up and "forbearance" were not addressed.  Credit worthiness will 
be address in the technical conference scheduled for later today (Sunday This program will require in part legislative blessing and direction, 
followed by CPUC approval of individual contract amendments.  This is 
essentially the PG&E/QF "deal" for the gas guys.  For the renewables, it is 
more of a fixed payment approach.
A "Technical Conference" is scheduled for Sunday (today) in Sacramento to 
work out some of the implementing details.
James D Steffes
01/20/2001 05:48 PM
Here are some thoughts for Enron to share with at the Analyst meeting Please let me know if you have any additions, changes, or deletions.  What I 
tried to put down were the key facts and positions.  If I've missed anything 
let me know.  This is not a great story.
Jim
OUR PHYSICAL POSITION IN CALIFORNIA
EES has electricity customers within the territories of SCE, PG&E, and SDG&E 
(about 800 MW of usage) [NOTE - CHECK WITH EES].  EES has natural gas 
customers within the territories PG&E and SoCal Gas.
Enron does not have any generation in California (we own a small QF in Nevada 
but only have 50 MW excess 
We supply power to the Utilities and to our retail load by buying excess in 
California or by transmitting power into the state.  Enron sells natural gas 
to the LDCs mainly under spot arrangements.
Enron continues to manage the risk by using traditional hedging tools and by 
using the full complement of resources of EES - demand reduction, load 
shaping, and efficiency improvements.
Transwestern has long-term capacity arrangements with PG&E.
OUR POLITICAL POSITION IN CALIFORNIA / MESSAGES
The current situation (shortages and potential bankruptcy) is not the result 
of competitive markets, rather it is the result of barriers to workable 
retail and wholesale markets designed into the California deregulation model 
(for instance, the overreliance of the Utilities on the spot market, the 
residual CTC calculation, incomplete retail tariff unbundling requiring 
direct access customers to pay more than their fair share for the Utilities' 
common costs 
Enron does not want to see the California Utilities go bankrupt because those 
naysayers of competition will use this situation as an argument against 
competition.  Enron disagrees.  What it proves is that not finishing the job 
of creating real competition can result in problems 
Enron believes that there are workable short-term and long-term solutions for 
California.
In the short-term, (1) California must provide credit enhancement or directly 
buy power for the Utilities' needs to ensure a stable supply of electricity, 
(2) California should incent customers to institute demand reductions, and 
(3) California should raise rates to cover reasonable costs so that the 
Utilities do not petition for bankruptcy.
In the long-term, (1) California needs to continue its activities to promote 
retail competition (and most importantly it must allow real price signals to 
be sent to large customers), (2) California should implement the changes that 
the FERC highlighted (end the reliance on the spot market, remove 
stakeholders on the Cal ISO Board, give the Utilties the ability to recover 
wholesale power costs), (3) California must remove unnecessary barriers to 
the development of additional generation capacity, and, most importantly, (4) 
California must establish reasonable structures so that the Utilities develop 
a balanced portfolio of supplies to better manage electricity market 
volatility.
California should not get into the business of owning or operating generation 
assets or transmission facilities 
California should not stop moving forward with retail competitition which 
allows customers to manage price risk rather than some regulator.
KEY ENRON ISSUES IN CALIFORNIA
We do have outstanding deliveries into the California utilities and would be 
an unsecured creditor if bankruptcy occurs. We continue to sell to 
creditworthy counterparties in Western Power markets. [NOTE - THE AMOUNT OF 
RISK IS AN IR ISSUE THEY WANT TO MANAGE].
The PX Credit (and associated negative CTC) continues to be an issue.  Enron 
believes that the rate freeze has not yet ended legally and PG&E's and SCE's 
tariff requires the Utilities to pay funds to the customer's agent.  We filed 
a Complaint Friday January 19 at the CPUC.  We are confident that these funds 
will be recovered.  [NOTE - I DON'T THINK WE WANT TO HIGHLIGHT THIS - AGAIN 
AN IR ISSUE BECAUSE OF THE RECEIVABLE]
schedule
Kathy Dodgen@EES
01/19/2001 05:56 PM
From Dan Leff:
A California discussion meeting has been scheduled for Monday, January 22, 
immediately following the Executive Committee Meeting (approximately 12 
p.m Thank you.
Dan Leff
Rosalee - Can you please let me know if the Board Room is available for this 
meeting (it's late Friday afternoon and I am unable to find out this 
information).   I will call you on Monday.  Thanks for your help.
Kathy Dodgen
3-6077
Try Roy Boston in our Hinsdale Ill office
Elizabeth Labanowski@ECT
Sent by: Elizabeth Labanowski@ECT
01/18/2001 09:27 AM
Here is the e-mail I discussed in my voice mail to you this morning.  Please 
let me know whom I should deal with in the Governmental Affairs organization 
about this.  Thanks.
David Roland@EES
01/17/2001 04:01 PM
Enron Energy Services Operations, Inc. (EESO) is being asked to sign an 
affidavit in connection with a bid to the City of Chicago (the bid is in the 
name of Enron Building Services, Inc.).  Among the items in the affidavit is 
a statement disclosing whether EESO or Enron Building Services (and 
presumably any other Enron entity) has had a business relationship with a 
Chicago city elected official in the previous 12 months.  "Business 
relationship" is defined broadly to include business dealings with the 
official, his or her spouse or entities in which the official has a financial 
interest which entitles the official to payment of $2,500 or more in any 
calendar year.  There are also certain exceptions that apply.
We are required to sign and submit the Affidavit this week, so if you are 
aware of any transactions that might require disclosure in the above 
Affidavit, please contact me by the end of the day today.  I apologize for 
the urgent nature of this request.
Thank you,
David Roland
x3-5837
I left a voicemail for Rosalee.  She should be contacting you once the inaug. 
is over.
Linda Robertson
01/18/2001 05:04 PM
I would like to explore how the DC Office can plug in on the advance planning 
of Ken's DC trips.  As we get things organized here I want to do a better job 
of maximizing the use of our corporate execs when they are in town.  This is 
hard to do without some advance notice of travel arrangements.  I do not want 
to be intrusive but I do think we can bring added value to Enron's presence 
in DC.  What most immediately brings this to mind is that I learned from news 
sources today that Ken is giving a speech (participating via panel) at the 
Club for Growth's event tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. in Senate Dirksen.   We 
have been busily planning all of Enron executives' trips to the inaugural and 
I thought I had something of a handle on each executive's itinerary.  So this 
came as a surprise.  A second  problem with this is that it is being hosted 
by Craig Shirley Associates.  I am told by Cynthia that Craig Shirley Assoc. 
is the group that last year hired private investigators to ferret out our 
tactics and strategies on electric restructuring.  Ken may not know this 
relationship.  Some vetting of the invite might have brought this to his 
attention.  I appreciate your thoughts on this and how I can most effectively 
add our input.  Thanks.
calendar
Lisa Connolly
01/18/2001 05:24 PM
I have confirmed the Houston Fire Chief Selection Committee News Conference 
for Febr 1, at 2pm. I will forward the specifics as soon as they have been 
worked out.
Lisa
Goodrich  04:09:10 PM
Sent by: "Monette Goodrich"  We have rearranged the Mayor's schedule to hold the Houston Fire Chief
Selection Committee News Conference on Feb. 1 at 2 p.m.
Why don't we have lunch sometime next week to coordinate?
Hi Monette,
Regarding the press conference on the Houston Fire Chief selection
committee, I have only two possible dates that will work with Jeff
Skilling's calendar. February 1 is the preferred date, anytime after
1:30pm. Alternatively, February 2, anytime between 1:30pm and 3:30pm.
Let's touch base tomorrow and try to pencil in a date for the press
conference. Also, I don't have contact information for you 
Thanks,
Lisa
I think this might have been intended for you.
Linda Robertson
01/16/2001 05:30 PM
Steve Kean asked that I respond to your voice mail message to him regarding 
your solicitation of government economists for your proposed May customer 
conference.  Let me suggest the following, each of whom has different 
attributes:
1.  David Wilcox, Asst. Sec of Economic Policy of Treasury, soon to rejoin 
the Federal Reserve.   David is an excellent macro economist but is not a 
"big name."
2.  Ted Truman, Asst. Sec of International Affairs, Treasury.  Ted is about 
join a think tank.  Before his stint at Treasury, Ted served 26 years at the 
Federal Reserve, many of which he served as Greenspan's right hand on 
international currency issues.  Ted has quarterbacked about every 
international currency intervention conducted by the United States over the 
last three decades 3.  Larry Summers, Secretary.   Larry will be joining a think tank for a few 
weeks.  He may or may not be available.  If the topic is of interest to him, 
he is agreeable to travel and speaking engagements  
This is just my initial cut at some suggestions.  Once we know the Bush team, 
we may want to explore possible candidates from their ranks, although 
government ethics rules may prohibit us from paying for their travel to a 
"customer conference."  Government officials can accept travel from 
50l(c)(3)s, as a general rule.
Please detach the attachment, combine it with the articles Gavin Dillingham 
sent me and attach to an e-mail to Robert Zoellick and Irwin Stelzer with 
this message from me:  Attached is some background information on the 
"reregulation" crisis in California.
Enron Energy Services
Steve, I understand that you are developing a campaign for California, 
considering all of media attention that has been placed on this state.  I 
publish a weekly deregulation report and it contains some information that 
may prove useful.  The report is attached.
Frank
Any instructions?
Linda Robertson
01/16/2001 04:54 PM
I received a call today from Rep. John Culberson about a nascent campaign 
underway to nominate Ken Lay as NASA Administrator.  Rep. Culberson has 
broached this idea with Eugene Cernan, who liked the idea .   The Congressman 
asked that we check to see if Ken is interested, as he would like to 
orchestrate a campaign on Ken's behalf.  I promised the Congressman to check 
as to Ken's interest.  Steve, should I snuff this out?  Give him 
encouragement?  I need to call the Congressman back very soon.  Thanks.
David Merrill@_DEVELOPMENT
01/10/2001 11:55 PM
As many of you know, I am going to be leaving Enron to pursue new 
opportunities   I am leaving with regret,  as I have enjoyed working with all of you, and I 
believe EBS
is poised for great success in Asia.   To assist in a smooth transition,  I 
have prepared 
this report on  the status of all EBS East Asia regulatory affairs actions 
I am working on, 
and my thoughts about next steps.    A list of key contacts is also 
provided.    Mark 
Schroeder will reassign pending actions 
Again, many, many thanks for your support and encouragement and for what I 
have 
learned about broadband and EBS from each of you. 
1.   Singapore
(a)  SBO License Application 
The application was completed in draft in December.   Dan Arzola of 
EBS Asia 
has a copy in Houston.   We cannot proceed further on the application 
until we 
decide what  legal entity to use.   We have a legal entity (Enron 
Broadband 
Services Pte Ltd) set up that encompasses all EBS activities 
including bandwidth t
trading 
The legal entity that we use in the application will have to pay a 1% 
annual gross
turnover fee unless we get it waived by the regulator on the grounds 
that the 
turnover fee was never intended to capture bandwidth trading 
revenue.   This 
is a possible option in my opinion as the regulator (IDA) does not 
want to be working at cross
purposes with other parts of the government that wish to provide EBS 
with incentives         See below.
(b)  Legal Due Diligence:
However, before pursuing a waiver from IDA,  we were planning to 
complete legal due 
diligence to examine any options for avoiding the fee without a 
waiver         Donald is of the view (see his Jan 9 e-mail ) that bandwidth trading 
has to be
licensed by the regulator.  ( In Europe, bandwidth trading usually 
does not 
require telecom licensing.)   If Donald is correct as he probably is, 
there may be 
less need of further legal research  on that point unless perhaps to 
confirm absolutely 
that there is no way to shield EBS bandwidth trading from the 
turnover fee apart from
a waiver or reduction of the fee.    For example it is possible  that 
Jan Haizmann 
or others may figure out a way to have actual trades escape the fee 
(done offshore 
for example).   Jan I believe has some ideas on this that he adanced 
in the context
of Korea 
I believe it would still be prudent  to proceed as we had planned to 
engage
a law firm here in Singapore (as we have in Hong Kong and Japan) for 
the purpose 
of guiding us through these sorts of questions (or at least 
confirming our reading)
and answering the many other questions posed in a matrix developed by 
a working 
group headed by Wayne Gardner.   We will likely be needing the firm 
anyway at 
some point          I have prepared a list of seven law firms engaged in telecoms 
practice in Singapore.
EBS General Counsel is planning to examine its Asia strategy and whom 
to send and
when to engage a firm to complete Wayne's questionnaire and for other 
purposes.
My advice is, after the due diligence is completed or we have at 
least confirmed
that bandwidth trading is required to be in the licensed entity probably to go to the IDA and 
discuss the implications of the fee for us.   The contacts I would 
suggest discussing this
with are Andy Haire and Fiona Yeo (see contact list).]      IDA does 
not wish to prevent 
EBS's coming to Singapore, and the fee was of course set up without 
bandwidth trading
specifically in mind as a revenue source.   Bandwidth trading was 
referenced in the
Code only later as a result of Enron's comment letters.
(c)  Arthur D Little consultant proposal to support EBS Pioneer Status 
Application
This 75k proposal is now with us in final form, after undergoing 
changes by me
and two by our Houston tax lawyers.   I was to have gone to ADL 
Singapore next
for a meeting to question them on how much of this they are able to 
do independently without reliance on us.   This was a suggestion 
made by
Jim Ginty of EBS tax to make sure they would not be reprocessing our 
info          I also intended to get them to pinpoint which of the products would 
be quantified,
rather than a "where appropriate."     Assuming we proceed with this 
proposal, 
someone else will need to do this conversation with ADL Singapore 
I have forwarded the final proposal to Wayne Garder and Mark and 
most other
interested parties earlier this week.
NB:   Someone needs to be appointed to contact Simon MacCormac at ADL 
and explain
at least our timing and process for getting back to him, as a 
courtesy.   I have not 
replied to his final submission as of now.   See contact info at end 
of e-mail.
For background,  the reason I believe EBS needs this work and sought 
a consultant
proposal is that Pioneer Status is typically awarded  to companies 
that make major
dollar, infrastructure, and job-creation expenditures in 
Singapore.   Our business
model does just the opposite.   So, to be awarded Pioneer Status, 
which the EDB is
very willing to consider us for after many months of persuasion,  I 
believe we need to  
help EDB demonstrate what the quantitative spin-off benefits are for 
Singapore from our
developing bandwidth trading here (e.g. increased efficiencies of 
capacity utilization,
effect of lower bandwidth prices on attracting investment).   This 
is a job for a  development 
economist teamed with someone who knows about bandwidth trading To my mind,
if ADL cannot produce the bandwidth trading specialist we want, it 
might be worth it 
to have one of our experts assigned to liaise with  them, and adjust 
the contract
accordingly to reflect what part we are providing 
One thing the ADL scope of work does not provide for is the actual 
completion of
the Pioneer Status Application - only the supporting economic 
analysis.  That is because it is
proper for us to be the ones outlining our business plan for 
Singapore, rather than
running that information through ADL and charging its overhead.  The 
idea is to get
ADL to perform the quantitative economic development analysis we 
cannot do in-house 
(d)   Direct contact with EDB on EBS's plans
EDB (Chelsia Lim ) has this week asked EBS to update her on its 
business
plans for Singapore.    I have made sure Craig Clark will take the 
responsibility
for seeing this is handled.   While a courtesy call is fine, I would 
advise 
not to brief her formally until EBS has really decided what our 
plans are,
with staffing, etc.   They have been asking for our plans for a 
while, and
are waiting for some specifics when we have them.
2.    Hong Kong
We have  2 licenses:   IVANS (value added services) and ETS (external
telecoms services (includes bandwidth trading).
There are several documents in draft and clearance which need to be 
filed
under these licenses before we are able to operate in Hong Kong         The principal ones are (a)  the system configuration plan,   (b) the 
tariff for
sale and trading of circuits under the ETS license (c) the tariff for 
Mediacast 
services under the IVANS license, and (later) (d) a tariff for 
VOD/EOD to
be filed under the IVANS license.
(a)  status of system configuration plan:
The plan is done in draft and is being held pending a decision to be
communicated by Roger Estrada within the next week or two as to 
whether 
the Lucent 10G equipment described in the plan will be changed to 
other 
equipment.    The HK lawyers  (Michelle Chan of Clifford Chance have said 
that if we plan to provide other equipment at the outset, we ought 
to just
wait and send in the correct description rather than revise.   If we 
do stick with
the Lucent equipment , we will also need to revise our orginal 
license 
application as well (says Michelle Chan)  to include description of 
related
Cisco equipment that was not mentioned in our orginal license 
application.
When the system configuration plan is done in final, we also need to 
change the listed destination in the diagram from "San Jose"  to 
"West Coast
USA,  Japan, Singapore, and Australia".
There are two copies of the present draft submission typed on the 
OFTA forms. 
I have given one to Craig Clark of EBS to carry back to Houston The other
copy is with Annie Ng in our Singapore office.
When we know what equipment we are going to be using, Tom Wei needs 
to
revise the diagram and also make the changes in destination referred 
to above.
Other small edits need to be made in Appendix A (see Dec 28 e-mail 
referenced
below).   My successor should review the whole package once more 
with Michelle
Chan in final.    Then the final package needs to be cleared by 
Anthony Duenner
and our EBS lawyers before going to Ken Rice or another qualified 
Director of
our Hong Kong company for signature.   After that it goes back to 
Michelle Chan
for filing with OFTA.
NB:   See Michelle Chan's e-mail of Dec 28, being repeated 
separately, for 
further information 
(b)   Tariffs for BWTrading under ETS License 
In December in Houston I worked with Bill White and his staff on a 
tariff plan for
bandwidth trading in HK.   Based on a meeting I had with the 
regulator in Hong 
Kong,   we agreed to file pro forma ceiling prices rather than an 
entirely new
and variable system which the regulator insisted we not do Ceiling  prices 
were developed and submitted to Michelle Chan for review 
Along with the prices we are required to submit our Terms and 
Conditions.   For 
that I used EBS General Terms and Conditions (GTC's) for trading 
obtained from 
Robbi Rossi and Michelle Heard.  Mike Grimes  has a set as well 
Present status:  Right now a dialogue is under way between Michelle 
Chan and  
Robbi Rossi as to whether it is sufficient to file the GTC's alone or 
whether 
certain exhibits, service level agreements, and confirmations 
referred to in
the GTC's must also be filed.   There are other questions being 
discussed in
that channel  such as how to handle variations in the terms based on
commercial dynamics.     All these e-mails will be  forwarded.   Once 
these
issues related to the GTCs are resolved, the tariff for bandwidth 
trading should
be filed, going through Michelle Chan.
NB:  See Michelle Chan e-mail of 1/09/01 which being forwarded 
separately.
(c)  Tariff for Media Cast under IVANS license:
I worked with Leroy Ho and Ken Wang in December and we submitted the 
main
part of the Media Cast tariff to Michelle Chan.   However, we still 
need to get the
Terms and Conditions for Media Cast from Robbi Rossi or Michelle Heard 
and
attach them to the tariff diagrams and submit them to Michelle Chan. 
NB:   See my e-mail to Michelle Chan of Dec 21 which being repeated.
Someone needs to work with EBS legal to get the T and C's for Media 
Cast to Michelle
or to set up direct channel between EBS legal and Michelle Chan as in
the case of the exchanges on the T and C's for Bandwidth trading 
referred
to above.
(d)   Overall change of responsibility for EBS Regulatory HK 
Michael,  or whomever will be taking over these responsibilities, 
should 
get from Michelle Chan of Clifford Chance Hong Kong a fresh copy of 
Alison Lindsay's letter to Xi Xi of October 2000 stating that we 
our licenses and setting forth in detail all of the requirements This is the 
master document ("bible") on compliance under our licenses and will 
catch any
detail not included above.   For example:
- my successor should also file a new form with OFTA,  the Hong 
Kong 
regulator (form is included in the attachments to the letter naming 
himself the point of contact, replacing me.    Michelle Chan 
can forward
the letter to the regulator.
-  we will need to be selecting an independent auditor to certify 
certain routine
reports we may need to file in future.   I have not started on 
that.
3.    Korea
Robbi Rossi needs to call Kim and Chang (law firm we use in Korea)
to authorize them to research and provide advice to us on how to 
handle 
the apparent regulatory impediment to Bandwidth Trading in Korea that
we identified during my November trip.
Once Kim and Chang starts work on this, someone from regulatory should
be made available to help guide Kim and Chang on our regulatory 
questions, in coordination with Robbi Rossi.
The key e-mails are (a) one from me outlining the overall problem and
some suggestions for dealing with it ;  (b) one from Jan Haizmann 
with 
some additional and in some cases alternative suggestions on how
to deal with it,  (c)  two from Jae Moo Lee in Korea with additional
points of view.  These will be forwarded 
4.   Japan  
Our regulatory consultant is Art Yanagawa.   Contact info below.  Mike 
Grimes 
and I have been in meetings with him and  Mike is fully briefed to 
carry on the 
on-the-ground  part of contacts with Art.   Art also responds to 
Donald and 
Roger Estrada and relies on them for guidance and input 
At some point it should be thought through who should be the point 
person
to manage  this contract and approve payments, or decide to leave things
as they are with approvals done in Houston.    The present system works 
but
it is not clear to me who is responsible for what 
Art has prepared the amendment to our Special Type 2  license to add
service to other destinations.   The latest status was that he was 
holding
the amendment over the holidays while clarifying some points raised by
Mike Grimes.    Someone needs to be assigned responsibility for
getting the amendment through 
General Concern 
A more general regulatory concern for us in Japan is that our 
consultant 
advises us that we cannot use the term bandwidth trading  in 
communications with the government because it is not something 
contemplated in the Telecom Business Law,  so is prohibited if 
stated as we would state it elsewhere 
We therefore are having to go through elaborate contortions to make 
what we are planning to do actually look like we are doing something
else.    I admit that I agree with the approach we are taking for now 
and 
can offer nothing better for the immediate term 
However, I would say that long term we are running some risks.    If we 
are going to make Japan  one of the centerpieces of our  Asia EBS 
strategy,   I think we need to consider devoting more full time EBS 
regulatory resources to Japan exclusively 
The allocation problem is that whatever regulatory resources we apply 
have to focus on  immediate license amendment  and operational
questions that drive out time to work effectively on long term
issues such as how to go about amending the Telecommunications 
Business Law  to allow bandwidth trading explicitly.    This would seem
important to reduce long term risks to our business strategy. 
5.    "Digital Divide"
I had been giving intermittent support to helping Scott Yeager and 
Justin
Cornett of EBS, and Will Reed of Technology for All, figure out how
to expand the concept of Technology for All to Asia.    The strategy
was to utilize some of Japan's $15 billion pledge of funds to support
digital divide activities in Asia - to support the expansion into Asia 
of
the EBS-supported TFA model.    This work will cease unless it can 
be picked up by Laura Lannarone of corporate social responsbility 
or Steve Burns of the DC office 
6.   KEY CONTACTS for operational items in this memo:
(a)   SBO License:  InfoCom Development Authority of Singapore
(1)  Ms. Fiona Yeo, Asst Dir Competiton  - 211-1824
(2)  Mr. Andrew Haire - Senior Director Policy and Regulation 211-1731 
(3)  Ms Hema Ramnani - Manager- Policy   211-1860
(4)  Ms Aileen Chia, Deputy Director, Economic Regulation - 211-1883
(5)  Ms Ng Cher Keng, Director, Policy - 211-1828
(b)  Pioneer Tax Status:  Economic Development Board
(1)  Chelsia LIM - Senior Officer Infocomms and Media - 832-6676
(2)  Bernard NEE -  Head, Infocomms and Media - 832-6964
(3)  Sean LOW - Senior Officer Infocomms and Media - 832-6260
(4)   LEE Eng Keat - same as above - 832-6006
(c)  Arthur D Little proposal
(1)  Simon MacCormac - Associate Director
297-2300
(2) Peter J Connell - Vice President
207-2300
(d)  Hong Kong License filings:
(1)  Michelle Chan  852-2825-8888
(2)  Alison Lindsay
(3)  OFTA:  M.H. Au
Senior Asst Director (Regulation)
852-2961-6688
(e)  Japan Telecom regulatory consultant to  EBS:
Art Yanagawa
81-3-5418-7056
David
for example, the option of whether we can break bandwidth trading 
functions
out of the entity 
I'd be happy to help and learn.  Hve your assistant call Maureen McVicker 
713.853.1808.
Nancy_Siska@cargill.com
01/11/2001 12:01 AM
Dear Mr. Kean,
I am the Corporate VP of HR at Cargill, Incorporated, a privately held
company based in Minneapolis.  Cargill is an international marketer,
processor and distributor of agricultural, food, financial and
industrial products and services,
with 85,000 employees in 60 countries. The company provides distinctive
customer solutions in supply chain management, food applications and
health and nutrition.  Recently, our CEO, Warren Staley, met with Jeff
Skilling who was kind enough to provide your name as a contact to
arrange an information exchange on leadership development between Enron
and Cargill.
Cargill currently has a team comprised of business leaders and human
resources professionals working to design a leadership
development process for our company.  Based on our research and Enron's
reputation for having innovative and successful programs for developing
leaders, we are very interested in talking with you to benchmark
Enron's leadership development process.  We would like to arrange a one
hour phone conversation with you or your designate within the next two
weeks, if possible.  During this call, we would be pleased to share
with you information about Cargill's current leadership development
programs.  We are also talking with several other companies and will
prepare of report summarizing our learnings which we would be happy to
share with you at the conclusion of our project.  Of course,
information will be combined and the confidentiality of participating
companies will be protected.
I hope you will be able to accomodate our request.  Please contact me
at (952) 742-5172 or N_Siska@Cargill.com with your response.  I will
then have my administrative assistant work your staff to arrange a
mutually convenient time.  Prior to the call, I will forward a specific
list of questions for your consideration.
Thank you for your time, and I look forward to talking with you.
,
Nancy Siska
Leslie Lawner
01/11/2001 10:15 AM
Paul asked me to email this document to you.  It is the paper analyzing gas 
delivery issues into the NY, California and Chicago markets, and an 
attachment which summarized interstate transportation and penalty rules.  Let 
us know if you have any questions.
These things are usually a waste of time and money.
"Rob Kean"  	01/13/2001 11:24 AM
Please respond to rob.kean
Have either of you ever heard of these guys?  I got a solicitation for a
contribution which includes a "membership" and the ability to buy entrance
to the inauguration of GW Bush.
Ever hear of them?
Rob
Stephen Dowd@MUNICATIONS
01/16/2001 12:12 PM
Gentlemen
I just got off the phone with David Stark who wanted to better understand the 
thinking behind Enron's preference for a smaller marketing deal rather than 
the full sponsorship that Uva and Stark pitched last week.  I reiterated to 
him that we would not normally entertain such a large deal without a 
significant commercial transaction (or series of transactions) and that the 
size of the opportunity set currently in front of us only justified 
discussing the smaller marketing deal as indicated in Steve's email.  Stark 
pressed to know what value we wanted to see in the set of AOL/TWX/Turner/CNN 
deals that are underway currently.  He was clear in stating that if we had a 
number in mind, he could push other parts of the organization to direct 
business our way sufficient to meet our needs to justify a larger 
sponsorship.  I declined to give him a value, but I think we should discuss 
this in some detail 
I'll get in touch to set something up.
Stephen Dowd
Enron Broadband Services
(713)345-7219 - Office
(713)858-8867 - Mobile
Please revise by adding the newly elected MDs (from Friday's promotion memo) 
under the existing heading "Other Managing Directors".  Thanks
Maureen McVicker
01/15/2001 04:24 PM
Please see attached.
california update
Summary of yesterdays meeting attached
Susan J Mara
01/14/2001 01:16 AM
Friday, January 12, 2001
By the end of the day, the Treasury had decided to move forward and hold 
another meeting with the CEOs, Governor Davis and various other Government 
officials.  Governor Davis refused to come to California, so a video 
conference was set up with two locations:  one at DOE in Washington and one 
in Los Angeles for the Governor and his entourage.  It was tentatively set up 
for 2:30 pm CST.  I have had no reports on the meeting yet. Ken Lay, Steve 
Kean and Rick Shapiro attended for Enron.
Long-Term Forward Contracts
Good progress was made and the report was completed by 4 pm.  It includes a 
draft RFO, draft standard contract, a table of utilties' needs, products 
required and a timetable that would have power flowing by February 1.
Participants were fairly pessimistic about the eventual outcome, however, 
given the absence of any buy-in or participation by the State of California.
Debt and Forebearance
Group also worked to have draft documents completed by COB Friday.
QF Contract Reformation
Parties continued discussion
No information was available by COB Friday.
Major Issues
State interest in resolving
State willingness to raise retail rates
Utilties' desire to offload all risk to the State as its portfolio manager
Willingness to "call off the dogs" for the suppliers and to release them from 
legal action
State willingness to offer up sites for power plant development
Ability to reach deal on QF contract reformation
Next Steps
If definitive agreement is not reached by the principals at Saturday meeting, 
this work ends immediately and utilities will likely file for bankruptcy the 
week of Jan 15.
If agreement is reached, a massive amount of work is required immediately, 
such as:
FERC filing of settlement and ISO Tariff change by Tuesday Jan 16.
RFO completion and release by Jan 18
Introduction and passage of necessary legislation to be executed by February 
2.
Preparation of contract between utilities and state (probably DWR)
Preparation of formal agreements among the parties on the terms on this 
settlement
And more 
Attached is a summary of the Jan 13 Davis-Summers summit on the California 
power situation.  We will be discussing this at the 2:00 call today.
I am contacting you on the recommendation of Pug Winokur, who is on our Board 
of Directors.    Enron has formed an Advisory Council which consists of 
academicians, public policy thinkers and media, together with Enron 
executives.  I would like to invite you to address the group on E-Commerce 
issues at our next meeting  (Friday, September 8th in Houston).
Attached is a list of our Advisory Council members.
I think you will find this group interesting and thought provoking.
Please contact me at your earliest convenience at 713-853-1586.
Accurate and sobering.  I've made two small comments just as an fyi.
01/12/2001 09:18 AM
Here is a draft of the article we discussed.  It is rather benign - but I
would appreciate it if you would take a look.  Let me know if you have any
reaction.
Bob Edwards
Steinhubl/LAN/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY@MCKINSEY,
Suzanne
Nimocks/HOU/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY@MCKINSEY
cc:     Gerrit van
Geyn/TOR/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY@Mckinsey, Thomas
Seitz, Jud
Morrison/HOU/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY@MCKINSEY,
Scott Nyquist, Susan
Lund/DCO/NorthAmerica/MCKINSEY@MCKINSEY
Subject:     Urgent;  California 
Article
Attached is an article that we have drafted with the help of a McK
Quarterly editor.   We have set up a call for tomorrow at 10:00  (CST) in
order to talk through the article and the implications to our clients.  We
have received very good and constructive comments from many of you which we
have tried to incorporate (as much as a 750 word limit would allow).  We
believe we have a shot at a Monday op-ed piece in the WSJ if we send this
out Friday.  The events of today highlight the timeliness of this issue.
Looking forward to talking to you tomorrow.
Bob
(See attached file: CalMarket-op-ed.doc)
|  recommendations
"Doug John"  	01/12/2001 04:43 PM
Steve: Happy New Year.   I have been asked to recommend counsel in the UK or 
Europe who have expertise in UK/EU electric regulation matters.  Need a 
boutique firm if possible.  Any rcommendations?  Thanks for any help you can 
give. Doug.
Stephen Swain@ECT
01/12/2001 06:48 PM
Attached is a new version of the power cost model incorporating Roger's 
updated info (retained generation costs and QF capacity payments).  It 
improves the outlook for PG&E by > $2.00/MWH, mainly as a result of lower 
cost estimates for their hydro.  SCE's numbers remains about the same.  FYI, 
the prices in the model are at mid.  The switch to change to offer is now on 
the Summary page.
Roger Yang@EES
01/12/2001 04:01 PM
Attached is an update of utility delivery rates, native generation 
weighted-average costs, and QF capacity payments and generation.
Roger
Roger Yang@EES
01/12/2001 07:24 PM
The underlying assumptions for the resources are that they return to some 
business as usual amortization of these assets (a 20 to 30 year amortization) 
assuming that none of the generating assets are uneconomic.  Further, it 
assumes non-revenue earning regulatory assets (other than the TRA 
undercollections) are amortized over the next 5 years.
Roger
Joe:
Thanks again for coming to Houston this week.
CNN has a compelling brand and we believe that a number of the components of 
your proposal are worth exploring further.
However, we are not interested in pursuing discussions of the exclusive 
sponsorship.
I want to stress, though, that many of the elements of the package you and 
David presented are of interest and we would like to continue discussions 
with you.
Please get in touch with us to discuss how we proceed from here.
Thanks again.
Notes from Bryson conversation with Ken Lay:
Urged us to "stay at the table".
Says teams in Washington have all the demand curves from the utilities (from 
which to calculate offering prices).
QF meeting starts at 7:00 pm tonight.
says average cost of QFs today is 15?/kwh (amounts to 30% of supply).
believes that cost can be brought down significantly if gas is purchased 
forward (perhaps by state entity).
Says all utility generation (another 30%), mostly hydro and nuclear is cost 
based at  4?/kwh.
If suppliers come in at 5.5? (or even 6?), there is room under the 7? new 
commodity rate component to recover securitized costs (amounts to about 40% 
of SCE supply).
Says good progress was made today.  Believes they may have a framework this 
evening.
Believes 5.5? is causing problem; maybe room to squeeze it up (perhaps as 
high as 6.0 
Thinks governor will slightly increase rates (or pay more at government 
facilities) if the parties can get 97% of the way to a solution.
Thinks it's nearly a "done deal" that DWR (state entity) will buy power.
Says securitization may be harder to get.
Bryson's questions to Ken (and Ken's to us):  Are we willing to forbear 
payment of amounts owed to us and continue to sell power to the utilities 
over the next several weeks.  Ken realizes that Bryson may be overstating the 
progress made, and made no commitments to Bryson.
Let's discuss at 10:30 call tomorrow.
I tinkered a bit more with the background doc.
Nathan, give me  call if you can -- 713-853-1586.  I'm EVP and Chief of Staff 
for Enron.  We met during the on-campus interview process.  I know we have 
extended an offer and I'm still hoping you'll accept.  Call me.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/03/2001 08:08 PM
Attached are the final versions of confidential materials provided to the 
Governor's office.
Best,
Jeff
Geriann:
This came across blank to us.
Geriann Warner
01/08/2001 10:14 AM
Geriann Warner
GA - The Americans
Tel: 713-853-5036
Fax: 713-853-7297
FYI.  John Palmisano previously addressed this group.  Do we want to send 
anyone 
Jeff
Dear Jeff,
as we discussed on the phone, I send you the conference paper of the
EUROFORUM Conference "Emissions Trading", to which I would like to invite a
speaker of your company.
Just for info: EUROFORUM in a susidary of ibc conference.
I will call you again next week.
Sincerely
Nicole Hagemann
RAin Nicole Hagemann
Projektleiterin Energie/Umwelt
EUROFORUM Deutschland GmbH
Tel.: 0211/ 9686-429
Fax.: 0211/ 9686 94-429
- KonzeptEnglisch.DOC
What should i tell john?
janderson  	01/05/2001 10:02 AM
Steve,
I haven't talked with you lately.  Hope that all is well.
Rumor on the street is that ENRON may completely reverse its position on
LMP and come our is support of the concept.  If so, this is very
significant.  It could affect the ability of various organizations to work
closely together.
Is there any truth to this rumor?
John Anderson, ELCON
Joe and Linda, could you prepare our views on these two and forward to Ken?
Rosalee Fleming
01/05/2001 11:16 AM
In Ken's absence, I thought I' d pass on to you if there might be any 
interest.   Joe, you probably know Rick Richard pretty well.
Rosie
Energirick@aol.com on 01/05/2001 10:53:28 AM
Dear Ken: ?Congratulations on the Bush ?presidency. ?There's a lot of us out 
here from both parties who think that after Bush has finished his terms that 
you would be an ideal President yourself. ?I know you are very busy so I just 
wanted to bring to your attention two individuals I would highly recommend to 
serve at the Department of Energy. ?First Daryl Owen would be a great 
candidate for Deputy. ?He was the former staff Director of the Senate Energy 
Committee under Bennett Johnston and is very familiar with energy issues but 
also with all the weapons issues. ?I can speak at lenght about his abilities 
having known him for over 20 years. ?He also has a great respect on the Hill. 
?Secondly, ?I know you know Don Santa who would like to return to Government 
Service. ?I'm not sure what the new administration will do for the 
Chairma! ns! hip of FERC with Curt Hebert, but Don who is a Republican would 
be a 
great choice also. ?He has very good support on the Hill, has served at a 
post at LG&E ?and is also a very good policy fellow. ?Thanks for any 
consideration you might give. ?I can be reached by any of your folks at ?The 
Williard office building 202-737-2338 or at home at 703 779-0661. ?This 
retirement stuff is interesting . ?The energy business is even more so Always the best. ?Have a great new Year. ?Rick Richard
I don't think this will work.  We have offices on 50M but two are set aside 
for board members and one (the one Rob Walls recently left) is going to be 
tied up with a video crew working on the analyst meeting.
Maureen McVicker
01/05/2001 05:30 PM
Steve - is this ok with you?
Sharron Westbrook
01/05/2001 03:57 PM
I left you a voice mail message earlier today, but let me tell you what we 
need to know.  Rick Causey is moving Melissa Becker to a new role within his 
organization and needs to have her close for at least the short term.  We 
know that there is an office empty on 50M and we were wondering if we might 
use it for Melissa until we work out some other spaces issues 
Thanks, Sharron
calendar
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/07/2001 11:30 PM
It might be a good idea to have a conference call to discuss the state 
treasurer's proposal released last Friday.  A summary is attached.  If folks 
agree that a call would be useful, does Noon PST (on Monday) work?
Best,
Jeff
attachment
Call me about this
Steven J Kean
12/28/2000 08:46 AM
attachments
Attached is the presentation and speech notes that Ken Lay used on Wednesday 
at the Austin meeting with Bush, etc.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/04/2001 02:58 PM
The Commission voted out the order 5-0, essentially as it appeared 
yesterday.  Three key changes:
They clarified that the surcharge applies to Direct Access customers (but the 
entire "rate freeze" structure remains intact for now).
The Commission reversed itself and chose not to adopt TURN's "netting out" of 
gen revenues and CTC collections, and said instead that the Commission will 
consider it as an option in the next phase (a move likely made in order to 
lower chances of a successful utility appeal).
The Commission added to the decision language saying that it will study the 
pros/cons of securitizating the utilities' power purchase costs.  They will 
submit a report on the issue to the Governor and Legislature.
On this last point, wire reports are rampant about the possibility that 
legislation will be introduced as early as today proposing to securitize the 
utilties' power purchase costs.  This action has reportedly been the result 
of discussions that occured through the night between the governor's office, 
the utilities and the ratings agencies in reponse to the fact that the 
decision issued by the PUC falls well short of what's needed to keep the IOUs 
credit worthy and solvent.  As a result of those wires stories, the 
utilities' stock has come back (Edison was down as low as 6.25 and is 
currently at 10 7/8; PG&E was at 8 7/8 and is currently at 11 7/8).  We're 
working with Sandi McCubbin, who heads-up our legislative activities in 
California, to get more info and will report back.
The hearing was dominated by highly charged anti-generator, anti-marketer 
rhetoric, which is likely to play a prominent role in the press accounts Only FERC was demonized more.
Each of the Commissioners, including the most recent "interim" appointee made strong statements regarding the undesirability of utility bankruptcy.
The Commission left open the possibility of "doing more" at their next 
meeting (two weeks from today), which means the negotiations with the 
utilities and ratings agencies are likely to continue. And if an agreement is 
reached, it could end up on the next agenda.
I spent a little over 30 minutes with Robert.  He is a very sharp guy and has 
a great deal of relevant government experience.  While I don't have a 
position that would be suitable for his experience level (all of my senior 
positions are filled), he is definitely someone I would consider if I had an 
open position.
My impression from Robert is that, while he has some interest in Public 
Affairs, his main interest is in a commercial position.  I stressed to him 
that it would be difficult to come into Enron to run a business, but he could 
build to it over time.  His main concern was that he not get "lost in the 
system" if he came in at a level below business unit head.
I think Robert would be a good addition to Enron if 1) he is willing to come 
in to a commercial role at a more junior level to learn the system and 2) we 
can make sure that he gets the opportunity to have contact with senior levels 
of the organization from time to time.
Kayla Ruiz
01/04/2001 09:08 AM
Mr. Lay has requested feedback from your interview with Robert Mallett on 
December 20th.   Please forward this to me at your earliest convenience, so 
that all feedback can be integrated for a response.  Thank you 
These were the next to last drafts (before correcting any typos).
If you haven't already done so, please give the performance review feedback 
to your people (with the exception of Vice Presidents) as soon as possible 
The only remaining PRC meeting is for Vice Presidents and Managing Directors.
Steven J Kean
12/28/2000 08:46 AM
attachments
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/03/2001 01:20 PM
Here's a copy of the draft.
- CPUC01-#86861-v1-A0011038_et_al__Minkin_Agenda_Dec___.doc
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/03/2001 01:20 PM
Here's a copy of the draft.
- CPUC01-#86861-v1-A0011038_et_al__Minkin_Agenda_Dec___.doc
Steven J Kean
12/28/2000 09:19 PM
We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA.  In attendance were Ken Lay, 
the Governor, the Governor's staff director (Kari Dohn) and myself.  The gov. 
spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his 
ideas.  He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next 
week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed (based on 
my discussions with several of you) as well as some background materials Jeff 
Dasovich and I prepared.  Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our 
proposals, the governor's ideas, as well as my overview of the situation 
based on the governor's comments:
Overview:   We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that 
we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing 
communication with his administration. The gov does not want the utilities to 
go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief (more modest than what 
the utilities are looking for) and credit guarantees.  His staff has more 
work to do on the latter, but he was clearly intrigued with the idea.  He 
talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail 
level.  He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the 
benefit of California consumers, including utility-owned generation (which he 
would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis) and excess muni power 
(which he estimates at 3000MW).  He foresees a mix of market oriented 
solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix 
the problem by '02 and provide some political cover.
Our proposals:  I have attached the outline we put in front of him (it also 
included the forward price information several of you provided).  He seemed 
interested in 1) the buy down of significant demand, 2) the state setting a 
goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain, 3) getting the utilities 
to gradually buy more power forward and 4) setting up a group of rate 
analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues 
including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas 
purchases.   As already mentioned, he was also favorably disposed to finding 
some state sponsored credit support for the utilities.
His ideas:  The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously 
under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming Some of these ideas would require legislative action.
State may build (or make build/transfer arrangements) a "couple" of 
generation plants.  The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that 
they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases.  This 
was a frequently recurring theme.
Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus 
basis to consumers.
Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in 
California.
State universities (including UC/CSU and the community colleges) would more 
widely deploy distributed generation.
Expand in-state gas production.
Take state lands gas royalties in kind.
negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for 
addtional gas supplies.
Empower an existing state agency to approve/coordinate power plant 
maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at 
any one time.
Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state.
Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear 
more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be 
able to help out here).
Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state.  We made 
some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy 
some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation 
thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control 
approach with generators.
Securitize uncollected power purchase costs.
To dos: (Jeff, again I'd like to prevail on you to assemble the group's 
thoughts and get them to Kari)
He wants to see 5 year fixed power prices for peak/ off-peak and baseload not just the 5 one year strips.
He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday.
He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the 
deal.
He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the 
forward contracting issues.
Thanks to everyone for their help.  We made some progress today.
My comments
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/03/2001 12:37 PM
I've had to spend a little time negotiating this AM with ENA and EES, but I'm 
confident that they'll be OK with this version.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/03/2001 12:19 PM
Here they are.  Please review and provide comments quickly.  I'd like to get 
this off to Kari ASAP.  Thanks.
Jeff
I don't know if I have sent one of these to you before.
This is an e-mail update service that we may want to consider as a 
distribution vehicle -- either because they pick up the content or because we 
procure their distribution list.  Dan- could you have someone check these 
guys out?
"IssueAlert"  	01/02/2001 06:41 AM
Miss last week? Catch up on the latest in the energy industry at: 
www.consultRCI.com  
Reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day. Your 
company can schedule a sponsorship of IssueAlert by contacting Nancy Spring  
via e-mail or calling (505)244-7613. Advertising opportunities are also 
available on our website. 
Access a complete Website of electric and converging industry issues and 
analysis at  
www.consultRCI.com
[IMAGE]
IssueAlert for January 2, 2001
California Hearings Continue, 
CPUC Decision Expected This Week 
by Will McNamara 
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
Hearings aimed at giving consumer advocates and utility officials in 
California the chance to air their views on a looming electricity rate 
increase are expected to continue through today, setting the stage for a 
decision by regulators that very well may not please everyone. Officials from 
Southern California Edison (SCE) and Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) have asked 
the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) to grant immediate rate 
hikes of as much as 30 percent to help offset rising wholesale power prices. 
The CPUC board is expected to announce on Jan. 4 how much of a rate hike it 
will allow, and under what terms. 
Analysis: Despite the lull of the holiday week just now completed, the 
spotlight continues to grow more intense over California's energy market, 
both throughout the energy industry and across the mainstream media. As we 
wait with anticipation to hear what the CPUC will decide, let's recap some of 
the issues that will no doubt continue to cause great dissension among the 
primary players in California. 
As has been well documented, PGOand SCE are in a massive amount of debt due 
to uncollected costs they have accrued related to the purchase of power on 
the wholesale market. Due to rate freezes still in place, both utilities have 
been unable to charge customers for the dramatic increase in the price of 
wholesale power, which has placed them both on the brink of bankruptcy. 
From several conversations with my contacts in California, here's my 
understanding of where the negotiations currently stand. The CPUC already has 
agreed in theory to a rate increase, but the sticking point is the specific 
amount of that increase. Reportedly, the CPUC and Gov. Gray Davis proposed a 
15-percent rate hike to the two utilities. In sharp contrast, PGOmaintains 
that it needs to increase rates by as much as 40 percent, and SCE says that 
it wants an increase of 30 percent (or 76 percent over two years). In fact, 
PGOalready began notifying customers last week that it wants to boost their 
electric bills by that specific amount. Both utilities continue to argue that 
even if their proposed rate increases are accepted, they still may not be 
enough to cover wholesale costs, which are projected to rise through 2003 
(see my IssueAlert from Dec. 29). In addition, PGOand SCE also claim that 
their financial solvency still will not be guaranteed even if their rate 
increase proposals are accepted, and bankruptcy will be very likely if the 
CPUC only allows them to increase rates by 15 percent 
Over the last few weeks, pressure was put on the Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission (FERC) to step in and solve the problem. However, FERC issued its 
own order in early December that mainly focused on mechanisms to keep power 
generators active in the state and did not adequately address the core issues 
of high wholesale prices and rate freezes. Due to the lukewarm response that 
FERC's order received, it has been generally concluded that the CPUC and Gov. 
Davis alone will have to solve the California energy crisis 
It is important to not overlook or discount the role that consumer advocates 
are playing in the negotiations. Harvey Rosenfield, a long-time critic of the 
state's utilities who led the failed attempt to overturn deregulation in 
California in 1998, remains very vocal that "the people of California should 
not have to pay one more penny to bail out the utilities for the mistakes 
they made." Consumer groups led by Rosenfield and Ralph Nader continue to put 
enormous pressure on Gov. Davis, a Democrat, to keep any rate increase given 
to the utilities to a minimum. In fact, last week Nader stated that Davis' 
political future "hangs by a kilowatt hour" and that any decisions made in 
California will "reverberate all over the country." In essence, consumer 
groups believe that utilities share the bulk of responsibility for the 
current mess in the state, as they played a large role in California's 1996 
restructuring legislation. If mistakes were made in that legislation, 
consumer groups say, the utilities and not utility customers should be made 
to pay the price 
Speculation is growing that, on Jan. 4, the CPUC will approve an increase for 
extra costs that will be applied in increments over the course of 2001, 
resulting in an ultimate rate increase that is somewhere in the range of 15 
percent to 30 percent (or more). This in effect will offer a compromise to 
both sides. The utilities will receive a rate increase closer to what they 
claim is necessary, and utility customers will not get slapped with an 
immediate, all-at-once increase in their electricity bills. However, the CPUC 
probably will not approve any back billing that the utilities have also 
demanded. Both PGOand SCE have claimed that their stranded costs were 
probably paid off months ago, meaning that the rate freeze still in place for 
both utilities should have been lifted as a result. That theory being 
accurate, both companies want to bill their customers retroactively to the 
date that the rate freeze should have been lifted, which on its own could 
amount to several billions of dollars. Under the current arrangement, the 
rate freeze is scheduled to stay in effect until March 2002, unless lifted by 
the CPUC. 
Meanwhile, the question about the financial solvency of both PGOand SCE 
continues to loom. SCE's parent, Edison International, announced that it has 
eliminated its fourth-quarter dividend and reduced its work force by 400 jobs 
because of financial problems related to SCE. In a statement last week, 
PGOCEO Gordon Smith acknowledged that PGOhas "virtually exhausted its 
financial resources" because it has borrowed on average $1 million per hour 
to pay for power that it is obligated to provide to California consumers 
Both utilities have argued that the real cause of the problem in the state is 
the generators who unjustifiably continue to charge exorbitant rates for 
power on the wholesale market. There may be some validity to this theory as 
power generators who operate in California know that the state's IOUs have 
essentially been stripped of their own ability to generate power and thus are 
heavily dependent on power bought on the wholesale market. This has given an 
enormous amount of market power to the generators and allowed them to charge 
rates that are not reflective of their own costs. Some reports indicate that 
generators are charging as much as 30 times what it costs them to generate 
power. Yet, without a cap on wholesale rates, generators remain able to 
charge whatever price the market will bear 
Due to these high costs, some power generators have begun refusing to sell 
power to the California IOUs, out of fear that the utilities will not be able 
to pay their bills. In an ironic twist, the same companies that have 
expressed concern about selling power to PGOand SCE actually own and control 
the plants that were divested by the two utilities as part of their 
agreements in the state's restructuring plan. Thus, companies outside of (and 
inside) California that own California plants are refusing to sell power back 
into the state, power produced at plants that were once owned by PGOand SCE. 
As a result, PGOwent on record last week saying that it may not have enough 
power to serve customers in February unless additional rulings come from the 
CPUC. PGOsays that it has enough power to supply customers through January, 
but that 15 to 20 suppliers have demanded payment up front before selling 
natural gas to the utility in February. Due to its current debt situation, 
PGOclaims that it cannot make any payments up front and thus may not be able 
to buy natural gas to serve its customers 
These issues have formed the landscape across which negotiations still rage 
on in California. Much pressure is now being placed on the CPUC to formulate 
an end-all solution to the state's problems, one that can appease all the 
dissenting stakeholders. Yet, much like FERC's order which was criticized for 
not going far enough, the CPUC is particularly challenged to make decisions 
that can once and for all solve the state's structural problems. As Enron's 
Kenneth Lay said a few months ago, the CPUC must avoid "putting band-aids on 
California's hemorrhaging wounds" and instead complete a successful 
reconstructive surgery. 
An archive list of previous IssueAlerts is available at
www.consultRCI.com 
Find out more about SCIENTECH'S most popular competitive tools, including the 
Telecommunications and E-Commerce InfoGrids at:  www.consultRCI.com  
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let us 
know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH 
information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive our 
free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their full 
name and email address or  register directly on our site. 
If you no longer wish to receive this daily email, send a message to 
IssueAlert, and include the word "delete" in the subject line. 
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts(SM) are compiled based on the independent analysis of 
SCIENTECH  consultants. The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are 
not intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed, or to 
be the basis  for investment decisions of any kind. SCIENTECH's sole purpose 
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective 
regarding the key events  occurring in the energy industry, based on its 
long-standing reputation as an expert on energy issues. 
EIS Billing
01/02/2001 05:48 PM
PLEASE E-MAIL BILLING ISSUES TO "CLIFFORD.JACKSON@" OR AS SPECIFIED 
BELOW:
Attached are spreadsheets with the detail supporting the expenses for all the 
various services provided by Enron Information Services. 
Phone charges:  Phones are being charged to the person's company and cost 
center where possible; otherwise to the rent location.  If you are being 
charged for phones/lines/services, etc. not belonging to you, or the room 
number is incorrect on the phone or long distance billings, please contact 
the Notes Mail ID "Move-Team" or move-team@ and place a request for 
the disconnection of that line, hardware, or service.
Data connections:  One connection is being charged for each room instead of 
one connection for each port in a room.
EIS billings for items attached to the room, such as phones and data ports, 
and people specific services for contractors, such as LAN ID's and AT&T 
calling cards, are billed to the same company and cost center as room rent in 
EB, 2AC, 3AC, or JF.  For Omaha, EIS uses a phone database maintained by 
Tammy Anderson for this purpose 
People-specific services are billed to the company and cost center 
corresponding to the employee's SAP company and department. Video conference 
usage, data circuits, Ardmore usage, EDI, and web site billings are based on 
a company and cost center furnished by the resource using the service.
EIS bills services on a one month lag.  We take a snapshot of the Corporate 
Administrative Services rent file for each room in EB and 3AC, of the Omaha 
phone database for each room in Omaha, and of the SAP company and cost center 
for each employee.  This snapshot is taken about the 21st of each month for 
use as a source for billing information 
If the billings are incorrect, generally speaking either the rent should be 
corrected by contacting FMS/EPSC or the person should be moved to the correct 
SAP company/cost center by contacting an HR representative.
See suggestions
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/02/2001 05:28 PM
Greetings:
Attached is the draft.  I've attempted to capture everyone's comments.  The 
only piece that is not likely to go this evening is the piece providing 
comments on the Governor's specific proposals.  That will likely go first 
thing tomorrow morning.  You'll note that only one of the Governor's 
proposals currently has any comments attached to it.  Comments on the 
Governor's proposals are appreciated.  The remainder of the materials will go 
to the Governor's staff later this evening; so any and all comments on those 
portions are welcomed and appreciated.  Thanks to all for the assistance, 
particularly in light of the holiday.
Best,
Jeff
See revisions.  Am also attaching the "solutions document" we left with the 
Governor.  I think we should follow that basic format and include the 
solutions set out there 
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/02/2001 01:40 PM
It could certainly use some doctoring, but it's getting there. I'm now 
shifting my focus to the "informal advisory group" on procurement.
Minor edits as shown.  Otherwise, looks good.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/02/2001 04:20 PM
I'm afraid we have our work cut out for us.  We have been working the proces 
at the state and federal level in the past couple of weeks.  I continue to 
believe (hope)
Susan J Mara
08/11/2000 11:56 AM
I heard you've been raising a ruckus about our activities on the price caps 
-- asking us to do more.  Thanks.  I feel as if I have been a voice in the 
wilderness for the past six months when I was trying to get people to pay 
attention to the bad things happening in CA and warning that the problems 
(mainly a threat of reregulation) will spread elsewhere 
Let's make sure that he gets our list of FERC Commissioner candidates (with 
special emphasis on Wood and Brownell).
Richard Shapiro
01/02/2001 02:19 PM
FYI
Barbara A Hueter
01/02/2001 02:10 PM
Barbara A Hueter
01/02/2001 02:06 PM
Rick, We just heard the news that Spencer Abraham is being named Secretary of 
Energy.  Jim Crawford, our lobbyist in Michigan, has an excellent 
relationship with Spencer Abraham.  They are very good friends from their 
college days and through the  years.  They have also worked together on 
numerous political campaigns.
Last October at Governor Engler's request, Ken Lay wrote a personal check for 
$25,000 and we issued a corporate check for $25,0000 to the chamber of 
commerce to support Spencer.  This is not to mention any other support he may 
have recieved from our PAC.
Jim has always been willing in the past to faciliate meetings with Senator 
Abraham and will still be willing to do so with Secretary Abraham.  I am sure 
our DC office has a relationship with him, but feel free to contact Jim 
Crawford should you need any assistance.  He can be reached at 517-482-5000 Janine.  Barbara.
So is it bigger than his tax cut on an annual average basis?
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:46 PM
Use this file:  I have dated the forward price curve chart so that it is 
clear it is prices as of today.
GAC
Alan Comnes
12/22/2000 01:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
This guy has it right.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
01/02/2001 10:37 AM
Another Utility Bailout Should Leave Us Cold 
George Miller
Sunday, December 31, 2000 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
D134916.DTL 
OUR CURRENT energy problems are urgent and serious. But before the governor 
and the Public Utilities Commission cut yet another deal costing consumers 
billions of dollars, perhaps they should pause to ask the public what kind of 
system it wants and what it will end up with after investing billions more. 
Failure of energy deregulation could speed real deregulation that might 
benefit consumers with real capacity and real competition. But this will not 
happen if the focus is only on California utilities and their shareholders. 
The original deregulation deal was designed, as I see it, to keep competition 
out of California -- and to maximize the rates consumers would pay for every 
bad past business decision by PG&E and other California utilities. 
Similarly, current bailout discussions are about forcing California 
ratepayers to pay for the failed deregulation plan designed by the utilities 
themselves. Once again, the companies seek to maximize profits and socialize 
the losses. 
Following on the heels of California's deregulation, the state's utilities 
came to the congressional delegation and urged us to protect the plan from 
federal deregulation efforts. They argued that the deal they cut was good for 
all parties. Their executives repeated time and again that they might benefit 
from the plan's cap on consumer prices -- and that there was a risk to them 
if wholesale prices were to go up. 
This, they told us, is the marketplace. They were willing to absorb the risk. 
This was the brave new world of free markets. 
But markets are never free. From the beginning, this deregulation plan was 
designed to buy the California utilities time and advantage. Initially, 
consumers saw lower rates, but not as low as real competition might have 
provided when compared to the heavily sheltered market of the past five 
years. Now, because this rigged marketplace has failed, the utilities want 
again to put their hands into the ratepayers' pockets. 
At first, PG&E and Southern California Edison asked the Public Utilities 
Commission to have California consumers pay the entire cost of deregulation's 
risks. Their idea did not pass the smell or the laugh test. 
Now the utilities look for a way to repackage their old proposal, including a 
substantial rate increase. The rationale is that the utilities may collapse 
financially. This threat is supposed to inspire Gov. Gray Davis and the PUC 
to quickly put the ratepayer on the hook for the utilities' failures. 
During the past year, dozens of utilities have merged all across America. 
PG&E, for example, may not be worth much to its shareholders, but like AT&T, 
it may be worth something to its competitors. This is the genius of the 
American marketplace. 
PG&E shareholders bought the stock, assuming the risk. Why should the 
ratepayers be asked to insulate them from that risk? During this past year, 
tens of billions of dollars of market capitalization were lost by various 
Silicon Valley high-tech firms. Their shareholders do not get the benefit of 
going to the PUC and getting a taxpayer bailout. 
The ratepayer has already paid for this energy under a contract that 
utilities struck with the people of the state of California. Any additional 
payment by the ratepayer is a financial bailout. Any prudent investor would 
ask what the return will be before handing over billions of dollars. The 
ratepayer deserves an answer, as well as some equity or other consideration. 
George Miller is a Democratic congressman from Martinez. 
Phillip K Allen@ECT
12/22/2000 03:06 PM
Steve,
I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If 
you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.
As far as recommendations, here is a short list:
1.  Examine LDC's incentive rate program.  Current methodology rewards sales 
above monthly index without enough consideration of future 
replacement cost.  The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be 
injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index.
This creates a shortage in later months.
2.  California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet 
demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally                       Specific questions should include 
1.  Why in March '00-May '00  weren't total system receipts higher in order 
to fill storage?
2.  Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too 
much gas from Socal's system        I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their 
own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than 
their injection capablity, but injected far less.
3.  Similar to the power market,  there is too much benchmarking to short 
term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major 
LDCs.  By design the customers are short at a floating 
rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market 
and the 
consumer has benefitted 
Call me if you need any more input.
Phillip
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:46 PM
Use this file:  I have dated the forward price curve chart so that it is 
clear it is prices as of today.
GAC
Alan Comnes
12/22/2000 01:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
OK to update
Sherri Sera
12/29/2000 09:51 AM
Steve, I'm not sure if this is something I should complete or not.  Please 
advise.  Thanks, SRS
elcon  Attached is the ELCON Update form. Please complete this form by filling in 
your information 
and making corrections as needed. Return it to ELCON as soon as possible. 
- UPDATE FORM MEMO.doc
Scott sent this to Marty, but I assume you already have had communications 
with him about this.
Marty Sunde@EES
12/28/2000 07:05 PM
In case you didn't see.
Scott Stoness
12/27/2000 01:50 PM
Marty.  This is a summary of our message from this morning for you to send on 
or discuss with Keene.  I hope this is helpful.  Scott
What's important
Give solvency to the utilities by guaranteeing no banckruptcy against the 
generation assets of the utilities.  Guarantees to be recovered, if needed, 
through surcharges over 10 years.  This should give the process time for 
thoughtful solutions.  Ending the rate freeze now will give the utilities an 
undeserved windfall (3.5b alone related to nuclear assets in year 2001).
There should be thoughtful process to determine: i) how to keep deregulation 
going, ii) how existing generation assets should be used, iii) what are the 
value of existing assets, iv) when is the appropriate time for customers to 
be exposed to the market, and v) what kind of market structure would be 
appropriate going forward. 
Customers should not be dumped into the market, now or in the next year, 
while it is extremely illiquid due to many errors of the utilities.
There should not be retroactive rate making (the negative ctc should be paid 
until at least the rate freeze is ended)
All customers should be treated equally with respect to existing generation 
assets that they paid for for the past 4-30 years.
There should be a special hearing called to debate demand side prospects (ie. 
curtailment etc.)
The Governor cancelled the meeting at the last minute.  Apparently, he was 
trying to schedule a meeting with Clinton and our meeting conflicted, so we 
were bumped.  We are trying to set a new time.  I will share with the 
Governor's energy advisor the information and recommendations all of you 
helped put together.  Thanks
Please respond and copy me.
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
12/08/99 06:52 PM
Steve, look, I am just trying to get a complete explanation of why NEPCO can 
not bid during the competitive process for the Cayote II Project.  Can 
someone give me an adult level explanation?  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. 
LI72399
Date:  12/08/1999  12:06 pm  (Wednesday)
I think Paul Kaufman made the call on this from Steve Keanes' shop. I
think it was the right call, given the complexity of the regulatory issues
involved. >> Larry L Izzo at ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 12/08 12:28 PM Importance:  High
Peggy, we had wanted to add NEPCO to the bid list of bidders for the EPC
bid for the Cayote II Project.  Greg Piper has informed me that PGE is of
the opinion that we cannot even have NEPCO participate in the bid because
PGE does not think that would be able to get by the regulators.
Before accepting this as fact, can you confirm that we can not even 
participate in the bid process because NEPCO is an affiliate of Enron.  It 
seems that the best interest of the rate payers is in getting a winning 
competitive bid.  Are affiliates precluded from competitive bids in this 
process?
Again, I don't want to accept a no without insuring that it's absolutely 
necessary.  Thanks for your help.
LI71299
Oops. My computer sent the message before I was finished.  I continue to hope 
that there is more opportunity than risk in this for us.  Price volatility is 
in the news like never before and our main product is price risk management I know that the inquiries are up, I hope EES and ENA can get some sales out 
of it.  More utilities have been approaching TNPC, EES and ENA about taking 
over their merchant functions.  On the policy side, we are working the issue 
on both a state and federal level.  Whether this country does anything 
meaningful to deal with the current crisis comes donw to one person ... Linda 
Breathitt.  Ken Lay spoke with Secy Richardson and Sen Schumer about 
proposing rulemaking initiatives to FERC.  We are working the RTO process 
hard elsewhere in the country and coming up with messages to arm our 
remaining allies around the country.   THis is the biggest time for us on 
this issue since the very beginnings in California and New Hampshire.  In the 
current panic, however, we will be decimated if we are associated only with a 
move to keep price caps from going into effect (I saw your message to Mona I am going to read the comments next, but I start off thinking we need to 
avoid running headlong into the price cap movement; we may be better off 
trying to co-opt the movement to get broader reform.
Hang in there.
Susan J Mara
08/11/2000 11:56 AM
I heard you've been raising a ruckus about our activities on the price caps 
-- asking us to do more.  Thanks.  I feel as if I have been a voice in the 
wilderness for the past six months when I was trying to get people to pay 
attention to the bad things happening in CA and warning that the problems 
(mainly a threat of reregulation) will spread elsewhere 
Michelle - I think Linda would fill the spot you and I talked about very 
well.  Linda is the new head of our DC office; she was asst secy of treasury 
under Bentsen, Rubin and Summers.  She is very well respected in 
washington.  She received the Alexander Hamilton award fro Secy Summers the highest award presented by the US Treas dept.  She has gotten up to speed 
very quickly on our issues and I think would serve the progam well (and she's 
already paid for 	Chris Long
12/20/2000 10:54 AM
Linda and I made a courtesy visit to Jim Derrick last Friday.  Jim suggested 
that we contact Michelle Cash about participating in the law conference on 
the program.  I called Michelle to inquire about the program and she told me 
that you and she had already spoken.  Linda is not seeking a place on the 
program, but will be pleased to participate if our decides to make a 
presentation.  Let us know how you want us to handle.
Thanks - Chris
Forgot to include you on this.
Steven J Kean
12/28/2000 09:19 PM
We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA.  In attendance were Ken Lay, 
the Governor, the Governor's staff director (Kari Dohn) and myself.  The gov. 
spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his 
ideas.  He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next 
week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed (based on 
my discussions with several of you) as well as some background materials Jeff 
Dasovich and I prepared.  Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our 
proposals, the governor's ideas, as well as my overview of the situation 
based on the governor's comments:
Overview:   We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that 
we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing 
communication with his administration. The gov does not want the utilities to 
go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief (more modest than what 
the utilities are looking for) and credit guarantees.  His staff has more 
work to do on the latter, but he was clearly intrigued with the idea.  He 
talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail 
level.  He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the 
benefit of California consumers, including utility-owned generation (which he 
would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis) and excess muni power 
(which he estimates at 3000MW).  He foresees a mix of market oriented 
solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix 
the problem by '02 and provide some political cover.
Our proposals:  I have attached the outline we put in front of him (it also 
included the forward price information several of you provided).  He seemed 
interested in 1) the buy down of significant demand, 2) the state setting a 
goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain, 3) getting the utilities 
to gradually buy more power forward and 4) setting up a group of rate 
analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues 
including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas 
purchases.   As already mentioned, he was also favorably disposed to finding 
some state sponsored credit support for the utilities.
His ideas:  The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously 
under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming Some of these ideas would require legislative action.
State may build (or make build/transfer arrangements) a "couple" of 
generation plants.  The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that 
they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases.  This 
was a frequently recurring theme.
Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus 
basis to consumers.
Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in 
California.
State universities (including UC/CSU and the community colleges) would more 
widely deploy distributed generation.
Expand in-state gas production.
Take state lands gas royalties in kind.
negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for 
addtional gas supplies.
Empower an existing state agency to approve/coordinate power plant 
maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at 
any one time.
Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state.
Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear 
more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be 
able to help out here).
Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state.  We made 
some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy 
some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation 
thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control 
approach with generators.
Securitize uncollected power purchase costs.
To dos: (Jeff, again I'd like to prevail on you to assemble the group's 
thoughts and get them to Kari)
He wants to see 5 year fixed power prices for peak/ off-peak and baseload not just the 5 one year strips.
He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday.
He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the 
deal.
He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the 
forward contracting issues.
Thanks to everyone for their help.  We made some progress today.
We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA.  In attendance were Ken Lay, 
the Governor, the Governor's staff director (Kari Dohn) and myself.  The gov. 
spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his 
ideas.  He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next 
week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed (based on 
my discussions with several of you) as well as some background materials Jeff 
Dasovich and I prepared.  Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our 
proposals, the governor's ideas, as well as my overview of the situation 
based on the governor's comments:
Overview:   We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that 
we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing 
communication with his administration. The gov does not want the utilities to 
go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief (more modest than what 
the utilities are looking for) and credit guarantees.  His staff has more 
work to do on the latter, but he was clearly intrigued with the idea.  He 
talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail 
level.  He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the 
benefit of California consumers, including utility-owned generation (which he 
would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis) and excess muni power 
(which he estimates at 3000MW).  He foresees a mix of market oriented 
solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix 
the problem by '02 and provide some political cover.
Our proposals:  I have attached the outline we put in front of him (it also 
included the forward price information several of you provided).  He seemed 
interested in 1) the buy down of significant demand, 2) the state setting a 
goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain, 3) getting the utilities 
to gradually buy more power forward and 4) setting up a group of rate 
analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues 
including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas 
purchases.   As already mentioned, he was also favorably disposed to finding 
some state sponsored credit support for the utilities.
His ideas:  The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously 
under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming Some of these ideas would require legislative action.
State may build (or make build/transfer arrangements) a "couple" of 
generation plants.  The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that 
they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases.  This 
was a frequently recurring theme.
Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus 
basis to consumers.
Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in 
California.
State universities (including UC/CSU and the community colleges) would more 
widely deploy distributed generation.
Expand in-state gas production.
Take state lands gas royalties in kind.
negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for 
addtional gas supplies.
Empower an existing state agency to approve/coordinate power plant 
maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at 
any one time.
Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state.
Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear 
more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be 
able to help out here).
Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state.  We made 
some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy 
some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation 
thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control 
approach with generators.
Securitize uncollected power purchase costs.
To dos: (Jeff, again I'd like to prevail on you to assemble the group's 
thoughts and get them to Kari)
He wants to see 5 year fixed power prices for peak/ off-peak and baseload not just the 5 one year strips.
He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday.
He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the 
deal.
He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the 
forward contracting issues.
Thanks to everyone for their help.  We made some progress today.
fyi
Robert Hill
12/27/2000 11:23 AM
Hello Steve,  I hope you and your family had a great holiday.  Steve, I heard 
on a talk show that the Bush Energy Policy would tackle such topics as 
Alaskan Gas, ANWR and also would mention the Powder River coal bed methane 
play.  I would like to get a copy of the Energy Policy when it becomes 
available.   I would also like everyone to be aware of the large investments 
made and planned by Northern Border Partners in the Powder River and Wind 
River Basins of Wyoming.  In addition, the Denver office of Enron North 
America has a large stake in gas trading in the Rockies.   Everything 
considered, the development of Rocky Mountain gas reserves, including the 
gathering and pipeline infrastructure will be less controversial than ANWR 
and will get gas to markets much sooner.  For example, Northern Border 
Partners expects to file at the FERC by the 3rd quarter of 2001 for the Bison 
Pipeline project which will connect Powder River reserves to NBPL in 2003 
(versus 2007 for Alaskan gas).  You can see the latest on the Bison project 
at Inside FERC, December 18th page 5.
One pending federal action that would do much to enhance coal bed methane 
production, is the completion of an EIS  presently being prepared by the 
BLM.   The timely issuance of a favorable EIS would open thousands of federal 
acres in Wyoming and Montana to drilling by coal bed methane producers and 
would assist gas in getting to market within Bush's first term in office I hope Enron and the new administration can set Powder River gas as a 
priority item in the coming year !
Rosie -- I'm not sure if this went through ... I couldn't find it in my "sent 
file".
Karen -- attached are the documents I mentioned to you a minute ago.
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
Alan Comnes@ECT
12/22/2000 03:46 PM
Use this file:  I have dated the forward price curve chart so that it is 
clear it is prices as of today.
GAC
Alan Comnes
12/22/2000 01:39 PM
Steve, Ginger:
The first file has the charts and data you requested.
I am also forwading some charts on price caps.  You may be interested in the 
charts on California Stage 1/2/3 emergencies.
Alan Comnes
Phillip K Allen@ECT
12/22/2000 03:06 PM
Steve,
I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If 
you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.
As far as recommendations, here is a short list:
1.  Examine LDC's incentive rate program.  Current methodology rewards sales 
above monthly index without enough consideration of future 
replacement cost.  The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be 
injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index.
This creates a shortage in later months.
2.  California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet 
demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally                       Specific questions should include 
1.  Why in March '00-May '00  weren't total system receipts higher in order 
to fill storage?
2.  Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too 
much gas from Socal's system        I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their 
own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than 
their injection capablity, but injected far less.
3.  Similar to the power market,  there is too much benchmarking to short 
term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major 
LDCs.  By design the customers are short at a floating 
rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market 
and the 
consumer has benefitted 
Call me if you need any more input.
Phillip
This is very good work.  You make all the points we need to make without 
spraining anything in the process.  You have been doing a superb job under 
very difficult circumstances.
On another note:  I don't know if you received my page, but the meeting with 
Davis was cancelled so I flew back to Houston.  We are trying to get another 
time, perhaps as early as this week.  Davis did meet with Greenspan and 
Summers, both of whom we had briefed extensively.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
12/26/2000 07:05 PM
You're right, Sue.  Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in 
some fashion---trying to finesse it.  Thanks very much for the comments Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in 
our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned 
and based on facts and evidence.  Will make that change.
Susan J Mara
12/26/2000 06:43 PM
Jeff,
This looks good.  It comes across as moderate in tone-- although probably no 
one else will ask to leave the rate freeze in place. 
I have a legal question -- Under AB 1890, I don't see anyway that the CPUC 
can raise rates without ending the rate freeze first.  Am I missing 
something? So, how is it clear that the CCPUC can raise the rates on Feb 1 It's clear,however,  that once the retained assets are valued that the rates 
can be changed.
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
12/26/2000 01:15 PM
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.  Few 
points:
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will 
forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail 
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST The call in number is 800.713.8600.  Code is 80435.
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
The Governor cancelled the meeting at the last minute.  Apparently, he was 
trying to schedule a meeting with Clinton and our meeting conflicted, so we 
were bumped.  We are trying to set a new time.  I will share with the 
Governor's energy advisor the information and recommendations all of you 
helped put together.  Thanks
The plan was to hit the issue twice -- once in the short format of Ebiz and 
at greater length in the longer format of the October issue of Enron 
Business.  Please let Paul know.
Elizabeth Linnell
08/11/2000 11:54 AM
Just as a matter of interest, I looked up this guy and he's in London, not in 
the US.
I understand that there is a longer, more involved piece coming out - don't 
know where exactly.  We need to respond to this guy with that info 
Karen Denne@
08/11/2000 11:32 AM
FYI -- seems that employees want more info Sarah Palmer@ECT
08/11/2000 11:26 AM
Not so good PAC feedback Paul Sharp@ECT
08/11/2000 03:35 AM
"Everything You've Wanted to Know About Enron and the Presidential Campaign 
But Were Afraid to Ask 
Far from everything!
Your "Where the money is spent" section tells us nothing about specific 
contributions to the Election 2000 campaigns, nor Soft money corporate 
donations to things such as party conferences.
Scared of alienating employees?
Please see the revised memo, which is the final version.
As we discussed
"IssueAlert"  	12/20/2000 06:58 AM
Visit our InfoStore to subscribe to SourceBook Weekly. Learn about 
SCIENTECH'S 
most popular competitive tools, including the E-Commerce and 
Telecommunications 
InfoGrid at: 
Jane Pelz 
Director of Marketing Communications 
SCIENTECH, Inc.
Exelon Completes Acquisition of 49.9 Percent of Sithe
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
Exelon Corporation and Sithe Energies Inc. announced the successful 
completion 
of Exelon's acquisition of 49.9 percent of the stock of Sithe. The remaining 
50.1 percent of Sithe will be owned by Vivendi (34 percent), Marubeni Corp. 
(15 percent) and Sithe Management (1 percent). Vivendi Universal retains 
a blocking minority interest of 34 percent in the company and PECO Energy 
(which, along with Unicom, formed Exelon Corp.) becomes Sithe's main 
shareholder. 
PECO has also been given a three-year commitment starting from December 
2002, to buy Vivendi Universal's remaining interest. 
ANALYSIS: The announcement of this acquisition was first made in August, 
prior to the formation of Exelon Corp. Under the original agreement dated 
Aug. 11, 2000, PECO Energy is purchasing 49.9 percent of Sithe's North 
American assets, including its domestic marketing and development businesses, 
for $682 million. The acquisition marks a new direction for Sithe Energies 
and a continuation of an aggressive generation expansion plan on the part 
of Exelon. 
This divestiture by Sithe Energies signals its withdrawal from power 
production. 
Only two years ago, Sithe Energies was one of the largest independent power 
producers in the United States, operating 43 power plants from New Jersey 
to California. Sithe Energies had made a decided effort to purchase vast 
generation assets in the Northeastern United States, believing that there 
would be value in having critical mass in the deregulated generation market 
in that region. Until last year, Sithe Energies was the primary subsidiary 
of French mega-utility Vivendi, which had been creating a reputation as 
an industry powerhouse due to its assets in electric energy services, thermal 
energy supply, water distribution and wastewater management. Interestingly, 
Vivendi did not own a gas or electric utility anywhere in the world, and 
instead used Sithe Energies as the vehicle to accumulate generation assets 
as its primary entry into the energy industry. 
Indications that the company's strategy was changing began to surface earlier 
this year. In February, Sithe Energies sold 21 power plants to Reliant 
Energy for a total of $2.1 billion. The sale generated an immediate capital 
gain of about $450 million for Sithe Energies, indicating that its generation 
assets were bringing strong shareholder value for its investors, even if 
the company appeared to be exiting the generation market.
Then, in June, Vivendi announced that it had entered into a "strategic 
business combination" with Canal and The Seagram Company Ltd to form a 
new company called Vivendi Universal, a communications conglomerate for 
wired and wireless markets owning the world's largest music company, second 
largest film library, major film production studio, and a PC-based software 
game publishing company. (Note that just yesterday Vivendi Universal entered 
into an agreement for the sale of Seagram's spirits and wine business to 
Diageo and Pernod Ricard for $8.1 billion, subject to regulatory approvals Vivendi also continued to expand its significant water business, through 
its subsidiaries U.S. Filter Corporation and G,n,rale des Eaux Group which 
recently won water treatment contracts New Zealand and Indonesia. In a 
separate development, Vivendi, supported by Sithe Energies, developed a 
partnership with a company named Softbank to establish a unit called K 
Road Ventures. This company represented Vivendi's strategy of creating 
an Internet company specializing in B-to-B services for utilities and energy 
services.
All of these developments indicated that, although Vivendi planned to remain 
involved in the energy industry, its focus was no longer on building a 
generation portfolio through Sithe Energies. Rather, Vivendi is building 
on its role as a major player in communications and environmental services. 
The subtext of this new direction for the company is probably Vivendi's 
attempt to reduce the debt of its subsidiaries to a reported 11 billion 
euros by the end of this year. Yet, most financial analysts agree that 
the continuing divestiture of Sithe Energies marks Vivendi's complete 
withdrawal 
from the energy production business. Vivendi has been in the process of 
spinning off a new utilities arm named Vivendi Environnment, which will 
provide energy services such as equipment installation and maintenance, 
as well as water and wastewater treatment. The K Road Ventures unit probably 
will be operated within Vivendi Environnment; however, it appears fairly 
certain that generation is no longer a part of the company's primary strategy.
According to Vivendi, this divestiture confirms the exit of Sithe North 
America from the consolidation scope of Vivendi Universal. Including the 
divestiture of GPU, which took place at the beginning of the year, the 
transactions represent a total debt reduction of around 4 billion euros 
and a net capital gain of 170 million euros in the financial statements 
for 2000.
Presently across North America, Sithe Energies still owns and operates 
about 27 power generation plants with approximately 3,800 MW of net merchant 
generating capacity. Further divestiture of these assets is expected as 
Sithe and Vivendi continue to move away from power generation. PECO (now 
Exelon) and Reliant are two companies that have quickly picked up the 
generation 
assets divested by Sithe Energies, and has been a wise move for both 
companies. 
There should be a continuing high value placed on generation assets in 
the Northeastern United States, particularly since competitive markets 
are developing more rapidly in that region of the country. Reliant's purchase 
of the Sithe Energies' 21 plants supports its strategy of acquiring 
generation 
assets and developing a strong retail capability. 
Purchasing 49.9 percent of Sithe Energies, with the option to buy the rest 
of the company in as little as two years, is also a smart move for Exelon. 
The Power Generation Group (PGG) of PECO, which remains a subsidiary under 
the new Exelon holding company, is the business unit responsible for managing 
the fossil and hydro generating stations of the company. PGG manages a 
fleet of 72 generating units that can provide 5200 megawatts (MW) of power 
using a variety of fuels. These units include coal, natural gas, oil, 
landfill 
gas, and hydroelectric power plants. Under deregulation, this variety of 
fuels is helping PECO to remain competitive and prepared to meeting the 
energy needs of diverse customers. Presently, Exelon is the largest energy 
company in the United States, but will trumped by the Entergy/FPL Group 
combination, which is expected to close over the next year. 
The addition to Exelon's generation arsenal that it gains from almost half 
the shares of Sithe Energies should factor in nicely to Exelon's overall 
position in the industry. Exelon estimates that the initial investment 
in Sithe will contribute approximately $0.01 per share to its consolidated 
earnings in 2001 and 2002. And it certainly appears that Exelon aims to 
acquire the totality of Sithe's assets, based on comments coming out of 
the company's headquarters. If Exelon were to purchase the remaining 50.1 
percent of Sithe (as soon as two years from now), Exelon anticipates that 
the transaction would contribute approximately $0.15 to its annual 
consolidated 
earnings. This may be just the move that Exelon has in mind as a complete 
acquisition of Sithe's assets would increase Exelon's generation portfolio 
to 46,500 MW, which is perhaps just what it needs to secure its place as 
one of the nation's top generating companies and keep it in the running 
with FPL / Entergy.
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH 
information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive 
our free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their 
full name and email address or register directly at:
be sent to wmcnamara@scientech.com
Reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day. Your 
company can schedule a sponsorship of IssueAlert by contacting Nancy Spring 
at nspring@scientech.com or (505)244-7613. Advertising opportunities are 
also available on our website. 
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by 
SCIENTECH 
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not 
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to 
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose 
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective 
regarding 
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing 
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please 
reply to this message and type "delete" in the subject line.
Steve asked that I forward this revised version to you.   I have incorporated 
Michelle Cash's changes.
I like it.  Do you think we could aggregate information regarding EES' demand 
side management opportunities and prepare a release announcing the results of 
those efforts?  Normally, we wouldn't do such an announcement without a 
specific deal to report, but in light of the special circumstances in 
California perhaps we should consider it.
Karen Denne
12/19/2000 02:26 PM
The CEC is scheduled to vote tomorrow on ENA's Pastoria project.  The 
attached news release has been prepared in anticipation of CEC approval of 
the project.  Although the CEC will issue its own release, ENA's release 
references the Pittsburg project and also our other plans for generation in 
the state (which will give us a chance of better coverage from California 
reporters).  If you have any questions or concerns, please let me know by 10 
a.m. Wednesday.
Thank you.
Karen
See revised version attached and let me know what you think.
Tom Briggs
12/19/2000 10:46 AM
Attached is a draft letter.  I tried to get it down to one page, but it can 
use more reduction. I also need info on when the 750MW of capacity will be in 
service.  I am leaving on holiday, so someone (like Rick) will have to 
complete the letter.
Let me know what you think of the attached version.
Karen Moore
12/19/2000 03:56 PM
Michelle Cash made some changes which I have incorporated into this revised 
document.  Please let me know if there is anything else that I can do.
Thanks,
Karen
I talked to Peggy and her messages seem to be the same as ours.  Call if you 
want to discuss.
have we reponded?
Richard Shapiro
12/15/2000 05:51 PM
Jkellihers@aol.com on 12/15/2000 05:48:31 PM
Rich, I am on a leave from LeBoeuf and working on the Transition Team as part 
of the Energy Policy Group for the next few weeks.  We request Enron's views 
on electricity issues.  I regret the short notice and tight deadline for your 
response (Monday COB), but time is short and there is a need to flesh out 
Administration positions and prepare nominees.  Please consider responding to 
the questions as an attachment to your response, which should use the 
requested template.  Until we move in the D.C. Transition office on Monday or 
so, the best way to reach me is cell phone (202-255-6803) or email  
Thanks for the idea.  I'll pass it on to Mark Metts
Mark Schroeder@ECT
12/18/2000 05:10 AM
I meant to send you an article some time ago on the UK water business (now 
cannot find it).  I do not make it my habit to follow this sector, and we 
have never discussed my following this here in the UK.  However, I just 
wanted you to be aware, and you can pass along as you see fit, that recent 
developments in the UK water sector should create new business opportunities 
for Wessex (and, indeed, trade press here reports as much).  I am also not 
trying to "end run" either Colin Skellett (CEO) or Keith Harris (reg. affaris 
at Wessex), both of whom I have a high regad for.  just wanted to get this 
into the right circles.  The development is the "mutualisation" of water 
distribution companies.  This was proposed last year by Kelda, in England, 
and turned down by the water regulator.  It is essentially securitising the 
future income streams of the pipes business, servicing bonds, and making the 
customers the owners (there is essentially no equity stake).  Thus, the 
license obligation to invest in infrastructure is on the customers themselves 
(raises interesting enforcement problems).  The "services" part of the 
business is "outsourced" on a competitive basis (this is where Wessex would 
come in).  As I noted, such a proposal has previously been rejected.  Now, 
though, it is proposed to "mutualise" the Welsh water company.  Normally the 
regulator would reject this, for being unsound along the same lines as the 
earlier proposal.  However, the leaders of this "mutualisation" effort in 
Wales are 200 of the "great and the good" leaders of the Welsh business 
community, and it is seen as a source of Welsh "national" pride to take back 
ownership of their water industry, i.e., meaning it is going to happen.  We 
now have a new water regulator who is smart enough not to stand in the way of 
Welsh politics, and has said he thinks the proposal has some merit and he 
will look not reject it out of hand.  Wessex could bid on the "services" 
agreement for this company, and if approved, this "mutualisation" will open 
the door for others to follow, and and hence more opportunities for Wessex Hope this is of some interest and use to you.   mcs
fyi
Rebecca McDonald@_DEVELOPMENT
12/18/2000 09:32 AM
Pete,
I would like to weigh in on this, if you don't mind.  First of all,  I 
requested meetings with the audit and EHS folks to understand our procedures 
and our status.  So, no fair ranting at Don.  Secondly, your note brings to 
mind what I find the most troublesome about our process as it currently 
stands.  It is not now, nor will it be in the future the audit department's 
responsibility to ensure that corrective actions are taken as a result of the 
audit process.  It is the responsibility of the business leader and the 
business management.  So, follow up with the companies should have been a 
communication from you to the business unit head, not from Don to the 
business and Don to you 
But, we are going to work all of this out and in the meantime, we aren't 
going to get crosswise with each other.  This is going to be an "open kimono" 
kind of place and no information is going to be managed away from me.  I will 
be staying on top of things and I will be involved with all of the support 
groups, with the business leaders and with the executive managment..  And, 
problems that are uncovered will be owned by all of us responsible for the 
business and the appropriate handling of those issues will be a matter of 
performance between the business and myself.
So, please, calm down and let's all get off on the right foot.  Enjoy your 
holiday, darn it!
Rebecca
Peter E Weidler@
12/17/2000 05:55 PM
Don - really - this kind of upsets me - I thought you were going to call me 
if we were having any problems - this report looks like crap and is not 
reflective of actual status - I know TGS has completed most of its 
outstanding items -  Does your team call and follow up with the individual 
companies - requesting a status report ?    If so give me the names of who 
called and who you talked to  and the date of the call.   What is the concern 
about Cuiaba - they got a 90 + score -  TGS and Centragas are in South 
America - not carribbean.   Why did you not list the scores ?     Really - I 
think this report and the handling of transmitting this information is 
completely different from my understanding of our understanding of how this 
is supposed to work.    You were going to follow up with the companies and 
let me know if there were any problems and I was going to go fix the problems 
-  Report says there are problems and the first I hear of it is when  you go 
and report to my bosses.   This does not begin to reflect the concepts we had 
discussed.
Pete
Don Hawkins
12/14/2000 11:10 AM
Guys, for your information and a heads up.  I am going to be visiting with 
Rebecca and Jim this afternoon on their support going forward on timely 
completion of action items as well as support that the audit program is 
mandatory not optional.  We have always had both of you guys support so no 
problem there.  David, you may want to talk to Stephen about IGL. and Pete 
you may want to look at Cuiaba.  If I can help, please let me know.
Don
Janice Hollaway
12/14/2000 11:02 AM
Please go ahead with preparation of the talking points.  I'll give Ken a 
heads up.
Richard Shapiro
08/10/2000 06:11 PM
I agree w/ chris's recommendation- you too?
Chris Long@
08/10/2000 05:12 PM
At his request, I met Lee Sachs, Assistant Treasury Secretary, who had 
requested the meeting after a brief conversation recently.  Lee said that 
senior-level negotiations led by Secretary Summers were initiated last week 
between the CFTC and SEC and that progress was being made on the single stock 
futures issue (the major issue postponing movement of the legislation 
As you know, the House completed committee work on HR 4541 before it 
recessed.  The bill will now is pending before the Rules Committee where 
differences will be worked out between the three different Committee versions 
(Agriculture, Commerce, and Banking).  The Senate Agriculture Committee 
passed out the Senate version in July.  However, the bill is not moving 
quickly in the Senate due to Senator Phil Gramm's desire to see significant 
changes made to the legislation (not directly related to our energy 
language). Last week at the Republican Convention, I asked the Senator about 
the bill and he said they were working on it, but much needs to be changed 
for his support.  More telling perhaps, were Wendy Gramm's comments that she 
would rather the current bill die if a better bill can be passed next year What this means is that we must, at the least, remove Senator Gramm's 
opposition to the bill to move the process and more importantly seek to gain 
his support of the legislation.
Lee Sachs message was just that.  I told Lee that we shared his desire to 
move the legislation as long as it contains a full exclusion for all 
non-agriculture commodities (including metals).  He said that we would have a 
difficult time defending the metals provision politically. But, Lee said  "we 
would not find Treasury opposition to the House Commerce Committee language" 
(which includes favourable language on energy and metals).   This is a 
positive development, because it isolates the CFTC from its key defenders and 
I hope ensures no veto threat on our issues.  However, I do not expect 
Treasury to be vocal in support of our position.  It is clear that 
Congressional leaders and the Administration want to get this bill done this 
year and there remains a good opportunity for enactment.
However, with less than 20 or so legislative days left, we need Senator Gramm 
to engage.  A call from Ken Lay in the next two weeks to Senator Gramm could 
be an impetus for Gramm to move his staff to resolve the differences.  Gramm 
needs to fully understand how helpful the bill is to Enron.  Let me know your 
thoughts on this approach.   I am prepared to assist in coordinating the call 
and drafting the talking points for a Ken Lay/Sen. Gramm call.
calendar as fyi
James D Steffes
12/18/2000 09:58 AM
Please add these dates / times to your calendar.  It will be critical to 
attend.  We are trying to set up once a month meetings with East Power to go 
over continued RTO efforts 
Please come prepared to discuss key issues in your RTO / region.
Jim
Tamara Jae Black@ECT
12/15/2000 03:03 PM
Please mark you calendar for the Monthly Regulatory Meeting to review the RTO 
Progress and Measures Scorecard.  The dates are as follows:
Jan. 4th  rm 30C2 3 - 4pm  Conf. number to call if out of the office rm 30c2 
713/853-0302
Feb. 6th  rm 30c1  3 - 4pm  Conf. number to call if out of the office rm 30c1 
713/646-8670
March 6th rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
April 3rd rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
May 1st  rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
June 5th rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
July 10th rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
Aug. 7th  rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
Sept. 6th rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
Oct. 2nd rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
Nov. 6th rm 30c1  3 - 4pm
Dec. 4th rm 30c1  3 -4 pm 
Please forward all questions to Lloyd Will at x33383.
Thanks Tjae
Question:  why do we need from jan 8 to jan 31 to respond to staff comments I think we should squeeze that time dramatically to take a shot at Jan or 
early Feb resolution.  If there is slippage, I don't want our earliest target 
date to be the end of Feb 
Sarah Novosel
12/18/2000 05:27 PM
"JOANNE RUTKOWSKI"  	12/18/2000 11:53 AM
Enclosed is a memo that's been vetted by Bill Weeden.
Best
Joanne
- #189265 v1 - enron -jt memo re PGE timing.doc
Our recommendations on possible FERC Commissioners for Ken's next discussion 
with Cheney.
Allison Navin
12/19/2000 08:57 AM
Per your request.
I would very much like your help on this.  I agree that we should follow up 
on the others and if it doesn't work, then pursue some Bush people.  the 
evening before for Pres -elect Bush is a good idea too; can yu follow up?
Linda Robertson
12/19/2000 09:07 AM
I talked to Phil Cassidy.  The meeting dates cannot be moved, as you probably 
suspected.  I would suggest that we make calls to find out the availability 
of the congressional leaders given that they will likely be in recess Gephardt has already declined.  Once we know their status, we may want to 
consider inviting key members of the Bush Cabinet.  We may want to also 
explore the availability of key Committee Chairs.  Phil also noted that we 
should consider having the President-elect during the evening program of Feb. 
21.  Let me know if you want us to handle next steps from DC 
Philippe A Bibi@ECT
12/13/2000 05:39 PM
Steve,
Let me know if you agree that we switch to a uniform range of numbers 
Philippe
Proposal for Single Number Range for the New Enron Campus
For the opening of the New Enron Campus and the changing of the street  
address from 1400 Smith St to 1500 Louisiana, we propose that 
Enron elects to take a single DID number range for all in-bound 
telecommunications.
This single number range would bolster the strategic plan of allocating a DID 
to an employee
and that employee can take that number anywhere within the campus in a "Plug 
n Play" environment.
Currently we have over 21000 DID's in operation in the following locations EB 
, 2AC , 3AC , 500/600 Jeffersen and Penzoil Place The numbers are spread across three different ranges :
- 713 853 xxxx ( 6300 numbers )
- 713 345 xxxx ( 10,000 numbers )
- 713 646 xxxx  ( 5,000 numbers )
The proposal is to take a 70,000 number range to cover current and future 
requirements. The benefits are :
- less confusion to Enron customers and internal users
- sufficient numbers to allow Enron to expand in the downtown area
- increased capacity from one  range of numbers to cater for Fax or 
multimedia applications
- have a new identity to fall in line with ''One Enron'' philosophy
Due to the high utilization of DID numbers in the downtown area, we will not 
get a (713) area code allocation, and we will be looking at the new ( 832) 
area code.
We have been investigating (832) 363(ENE) XXXX as the range, however this 
cannot be guaranteed.
To take this forward, I require high level approval of the scheme, we will 
then pressure the suppliers and regulatory committee's to meet Enron's 
requirements.
fine with me
Pattye Sanders
12/15/2000 04:54 PM
Here are the engineering companies we will begin contacting Tuesday, December 
19, to participant in our external job fair.  Please let me know before we 
begin making calls at noon on Tuesday if there are any of these companies you 
do not want included.
ABB Lummus Global Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Black & Veatch
Dresser Engineering Company 
Fluor Daniel, Inc.
Foster Wheeler Corporation
Halliburton
J. Ray McDermott Engineering
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Kvaerner Process
Parsons Energy & Chemicals Group Inc.
Raytheon Engineers & Constructors
S & B Engineers & Constructors
Schlumberger 
Stone & Webster Engineering Corporation
Technip USA Corporation
3D/International
The external job fair will be held at the Doubletree, Granger B Room, on 
Wednesday, January 10, from 1:30 to 3:30.  If you have any questions, my new 
extension is 56871.
calendar ... also please RSVP for melissa and I to the Lay's party.
Julie Clyatt
12/15/2000 04:55 PM
We invite you to have a drink with us to celebrate the end!
When : Wednesday, December 20th
Where: Hyatt Regency - The Park Bar
Time :   5:00 - 8:00pm
Please RSVP by Tuesday, December 19th
Please forward this on to anyone I might have missed!
FYI.... Jane Wilson is our government affairs person in Mumbai.
Jeffrey Sherrick
12/15/2000 06:28 PM
We were served summons by the Customs Office in Surat asking for meetings 
with our platform managers and on Dec.12th we sent two representatives 
(operations mgr & legal) to answer their questions.  Over a two day period 
they inquired about production and logistical issues and asked a number of 
questions regarding product delivery points, pricing formulas, etc.   In 
summary, they are trying to build a case that the gas and maybe even the 
crude we sell in India is subject to a 10-12% customs duty since it is 
produced outside of the 12 mile territorial limit.  They are trying to make 
the case that we are importing the gas and oil into India.  Obviously this is 
not the case and there is no merit for such consideration, but we don't want 
to let this idea get entered as a show/cause filing against Enron and our 
partners.  There would be remedies such as court or arbitration, but the 
timing to resolve this is probably 1-2 years.  Furthermore, this issue would 
most likely impact current efforts we have on-going.  Therefore, we are 
taking the issue very seriously and plan to meet in Mumbai next Thursday to 
chart an appropriate course of action.  Once we meet, we will get back to 
Cliff and Jim Derrick regarding our recommendation on Thursday morning 
December 21st Houston time.  Cliff and Jim, if you are planning to be out of 
the office, please drop me an e-mail where you can be reached.
Meeting in Mumbai next Thursday will be Chris Walker of Linklaters, local 
Indian counsel (Saberwal ?), myself, Mike Stewart, Dominic Carolan (EGEP 
legal), and certain representatives from EOGIL.  We would also like to have 
Jane Wilson(EIPL Gov't & Regulatory affairs for India) present if she is 
available.  Jane it is not mandatory that you are present, but if you can't 
attend could you send me an e-mail where I could reach you if necessary.  The 
meeting will be at EOGIL's office and Fatima Samuel will confirm the time and 
place once Chris Walker's schedule is known.  It is my understanding that 
Chris Walker will be in India on Tuesday and Wednesday working with Wade's 
group on other matters. 
This issue came up originally in 1997 right after we started producing gas at 
Tapti.  At that time we had 3 legal opinions prepared and the legal team 
tells me the positions were very strong in our favor on a variety of fronts After a few meetings and a couple of letters the issue went away and never 
resurfaced again until now.  We suspect that this issue has been an open item 
since that time and for a variety of reasons (ongoing activities ?) someone 
feels it needs to be checked off the list.  Hence, the revived interest at 
this time 
The reason we are giving this such a high level of attention is probably 
obvious, but the reason we want to act upon our plan immediately once we get 
together next Thursday may seem less necessary.  However, today our office 
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.  This time they have asked for our 
production manager, logistics manager and lead accountant.  We have requested 
an extension due to the short notice and holiday season and expect to have it 
granted, but we will not know if it is postponed before Monday.   (If we have 
to go we will have legal counsel attend with the individuals named)  This 
level of back to back activity for a government office at this time year is a 
concern.  Going into the meeting with the legal guys on Thursday, we are 
thinking that we need to have a highly respected person(such as Saberwal) 
deliver  our message (to multiple groups, i.e., Surat customs, Ministry of 
Finance, Mopng) as to the lack of validity for this potential claim and what 
we would do if they proceed.   By Thursday I think we will have all of the 
necessary "color" on this issue and with the team mentioned above we will be 
able to develop the right plan of action.  However, due to the level of 
interest and activity of the Surat Customs group, we anticipate that our 
recommendation will be to move quickly, hence, my desire to contact Cliff and 
Jim next Thursday for approval to proceed 
I have included Wade and Rebecca(EIPL) as well as Steve and John(PR) for 
information purposes at this time This first stage plan we will be seeking approval for next Thursday will be 
to meet with certain people in an attempt to keep this from becoming an 
issue.  This should be a fairly quiet issue (for Indian standards) next week 
and even the subsequent meetings that I'm anticipating would take place in 
the following two weeks ought to be very low keyed items.  However, in India 
you never know and considering some of the existing press of recent we should 
get prepared and make sure we are co-ordinated.   John, following our 
Thursday decision we should probably talk about our plan so if you'll leave 
me a note where you can be reached, I'd appreciate it 
In summary, the odds are we will be able to manage this and it won't become a 
big issue.  However, we need to take this very seriously and deal with it 
proactively and quickly before someone files something without understanding 
the consequences of the action.  I am leaving for India on Sunday and when 
possible I will pick up my mail.  I will also be checking voicemail if you 
need to leave a message.   I will be the Mumbai office on Tuesday, Thursday 
and Friday and in Delhi on Wednesday. 
Jeff 
Background information.  I'd like to talk to Ken about making the call I'll see him at Exec comm today.
Richard Shapiro
08/10/2000 06:11 PM
I agree w/ chris's recommendation- you too?
Chris Long@
08/10/2000 05:12 PM
At his request, I met Lee Sachs, Assistant Treasury Secretary, who had 
requested the meeting after a brief conversation recently.  Lee said that 
senior-level negotiations led by Secretary Summers were initiated last week 
between the CFTC and SEC and that progress was being made on the single stock 
futures issue (the major issue postponing movement of the legislation 
As you know, the House completed committee work on HR 4541 before it 
recessed.  The bill will now is pending before the Rules Committee where 
differences will be worked out between the three different Committee versions 
(Agriculture, Commerce, and Banking).  The Senate Agriculture Committee 
passed out the Senate version in July.  However, the bill is not moving 
quickly in the Senate due to Senator Phil Gramm's desire to see significant 
changes made to the legislation (not directly related to our energy 
language). Last week at the Republican Convention, I asked the Senator about 
the bill and he said they were working on it, but much needs to be changed 
for his support.  More telling perhaps, were Wendy Gramm's comments that she 
would rather the current bill die if a better bill can be passed next year What this means is that we must, at the least, remove Senator Gramm's 
opposition to the bill to move the process and more importantly seek to gain 
his support of the legislation.
Lee Sachs message was just that.  I told Lee that we shared his desire to 
move the legislation as long as it contains a full exclusion for all 
non-agriculture commodities (including metals).  He said that we would have a 
difficult time defending the metals provision politically. But, Lee said  "we 
would not find Treasury opposition to the House Commerce Committee language" 
(which includes favourable language on energy and metals).   This is a 
positive development, because it isolates the CFTC from its key defenders and 
I hope ensures no veto threat on our issues.  However, I do not expect 
Treasury to be vocal in support of our position.  It is clear that 
Congressional leaders and the Administration want to get this bill done this 
year and there remains a good opportunity for enactment.
However, with less than 20 or so legislative days left, we need Senator Gramm 
to engage.  A call from Ken Lay in the next two weeks to Senator Gramm could 
be an impetus for Gramm to move his staff to resolve the differences.  Gramm 
needs to fully understand how helpful the bill is to Enron.  Let me know your 
thoughts on this approach.   I am prepared to assist in coordinating the call 
and drafting the talking points for a Ken Lay/Sen. Gramm call.
We'll have the usual macroeconomic update from Larry Lindsay and Gavyn 
Davies, the domestic political update from Bill Kristol and some 
presentations from Gary Hamel and others focussing on Enron NetWorks.
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
08/10/2000 02:30 PM
Steve,
What is the agenda for this advisory council meeting?
Jim
The Enron Advisory Council meeting is scheduled on September 7-8, 2000.  The 
dinner meeting will begin on Thursday, September 7 at 6:00 p.m. at the Four 
Seasons Hotel in the Austin Room.  On Friday, September 8 the meeting is 
scheduled from 7:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. in the 50th Floor Boardroom.
Please let me know if you plan to attend.
Vanessa Groscrand
See attached WSJ article, particularly the last paragraph.  The message is: 
there has not been enough deregulation;  the government is still very much in 
the way.  California is a perfect example:  the market has responded to 
demand increases with thousands of megawatts of new generation, but state and 
local officials have not sited them, and companies like Enron are offering 
price protection, but utilities are not allowed to take advantage.
Gavin Dillingham@_DEVELOPMENT
08/14/2000 08:32 AM
Attached is an article about deregulation, price volatility, California power 
issues and how EES and other energy management type of companies are helping 
with solve these problems. 
Attached is an article about how PG&E is offering incentives to its larger 
customers in California that which asks them to use less energy, in turn the 
customers are guaranteed to be blackout free. There is a little controversy 
over this issue because the incentive is not offered to small business or 
residents. 
As I promised this morning at the executive committee meeting, below are some 
talking points for your use.
Overall message:  the market is working, regulation is not.
In California, peak demand rose by 10% over the last 4 years while new 
capacity grew by only 2%.  But, as you would expect, the market responded by 
proposing 8,000MW of new generation - - more than enough to offset the peak 
demand growth.  The regulatory process, at both the state and local level, 
has failed to site this new generation.  The problem is regulation, not 
deregulation.
When San Diego customers began experiencing the effects of higher prices, 
Enron responded with a fixed price which would have shielded San Diego 
customers from price volatility and provided prices below their current 
summer levels (Enron's price was about $55/MWH).  After publication of 
Enron's offer, nine other companies made offers.  Again, the market responded 
where regulation failed.  San Diego has not accepted any of these offers 
because of regulatory/legislative restrictions on its ability to buy outside 
of the PX (i.e. the spot market).
In markets where siting is easier, suppliers have moved to build additional 
generation.  Enron built 3 plants in response to the 1998 price spikes Those plants were planned, sited and built in less that 12 months - - in time 
for the summer of 1999.  Where regulatory hurdles are lower, the market 
responds.
The solution to current pricing and reliability issues is more competition 
not reregulation.  Policy makers should:
Open the transmission grid so that power can get from where it is to where it 
is needed.
Expedite interconnection of new generation.
Expedite siting of new facilities.
Give customers a choice, so that they have better access to demand side 
solutions.
Also attached is a more detailed discussion of California, prepared by Jeff 
Dasovich of our San Francisco office.
Please see the attached memo.
Have you solicited comments fromo EES?
Enron Energy Services
Please see the attached e:mail below from Nancy Hetrick and respond directly 
to her.
thanks
gngr
Nancy Hetrick
08/14/2000 11:15 AM
Ginger, would you please forward the following request to the State Goverment 
Affairs group for me.  Thanks.
Attached for your review and comments is the second group of recommended 
practices worked on by the UBP group.  The Suppliers that have participated 
in the UBP plan to submit joint comments to this report and I would like to 
be able to incorporate any comments that individuals in Enron's State 
Government Affairs Group may have into the overall Supplier comments.  In 
order to meet the deadline for comments, I need to receive your comments no 
later than noon, August 28th.  The best way to submit these comments is by 
red-lining the actual document 
You can also review and download the entire UBP report, including the 
finalized chapters and the chapters "out for comments", on 
Please feel free to contact me (712-366-3399 or pager 888-912-1426) if you 
have any questions.    and consideration.
STEVE KEAN
Katherine Brown@
08/15/2000 11:24 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, August 21
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___X____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
August 18.
Thank you, 
Katherine
A typical utility luncheon.
Enron Energy Services
- Lunch(1).jpg
I believe we should back Massey as well.  Who do we weigh in with now?
Joe Hartsoe@
08/15/2000 08:27 AM
Steve/Rick/Jim  ---  Talked to John Anderson yesterday.  He had just gotten 
off the phone with Massey.  Massey believes Linda B.  is spending time at the 
White House lobbying to be Chair.   Have we decided whether to back either 
and if so which?  I would prefer backing Massey.  Thoughts?   JOE  
202.466.9150 janderson  Joe,
As you are probably aware, Jim Hoecker is considering leaving FERC
relatively soon.  The President will then name a new Chairman.  Bill Massey
is quite interested in receiving the nomination.
Please call to discuss.
John
fyi
The current schedule contemplates sending a draft of the Disclosure Schedules 
to Skadden by the end of the day on Friday.  Please provide any remaining 
comments to the draft Schedules as soon as you can.  I realize there will 
still be some holes, as we continue to negotiate the Purchase and Sale 
Agreement.  No doubt it would help to have the Appendices to the Purchase and 
Sale Agreement completed, or say maybe a dollar amount or two completed in 
the Definitions section.  Thanks for all the help.  Lance.
Cindy Derecskey@
08/14/2000 03:43 PM
Probably not.  Let's communicate Breathitt's interest to Bone and stay out of 
it for now.
Richard Shapiro
08/16/2000 08:42 AM
Is this the right time to weigh ?
Steven J Kean
08/16/2000 06:56 AM
I believe we should back Massey as well.  Who do we weigh in with now?
Joe Hartsoe@
08/15/2000 08:27 AM
Steve/Rick/Jim  ---  Talked to John Anderson yesterday.  He had just gotten 
off the phone with Massey.  Massey believes Linda B.  is spending time at the 
White House lobbying to be Chair.   Have we decided whether to back either 
and if so which?  I would prefer backing Massey.  Thoughts?   JOE  
202.466.9150 janderson  Joe,
As you are probably aware, Jim Hoecker is considering leaving FERC
relatively soon.  The President will then name a new Chairman.  Bill Massey
is quite interested in receiving the nomination.
Please call to discuss.
John
We have our first round United Way BIG WINNERS (of the valuable $25 gift 
certificates to the Enron Signature Shop 
Margaret Carson
Karen Denne
Pat Keene
Lisa Feener
We will have another drawing early next week, so please logon now to 
UnitedWay.enron.com 
This act of giving makes us all winners!  Thanks!
For your reading pleasure . . . .  Enron stories.
Thanks for the note and congratulations.  Sorry we didn't get a chance to 
talk before you left.  But, I'm still here; give me a call when you get a 
chance - 1586.
Robert Bryngelson@AZURIX
08/16/2000 12:05 PM
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I'm outta here!
Today is my last day in the office here at Azurix, and in the coming months, 
I will start in a new position as SVP in the LNG development group at El Paso 
Energy.  This happened very quickly, and I wanted to make sure that I let 
everyone know before I left.
I don't have any contact information yet for my new job, but if you want to 
reach me, you can do so at RobBrnglsn@aol.com or at 713-664-7478.
I enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at Enron Azurix, and I wish you all of the best.
Take care.
Rob Bryngelson
PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street (just west 
of the Met Garage) beginning around 5:00.  If you can make it, please come!
Traci Warner@MUNICATIONS on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 PM
Steve, Rod and Elyse 
Just wanted to confirm our meeting on Tuesday Aug 29th from 1:30 -2:30 to 
discuss Uof H's endowment proposal.  We will meeting Rod's office EB4054
I look forward to seeing you all there.
Sincerely, 
Traci 
Traci Warner
Enron Broadband Services, Inc.
Phone (713) 853-3242
Cell (713) 705-7201
Dear Colleagues,
=20
On numerous occasions this past year, Enron Government Affairs (EGA) support=20
provided to commercial groups resulted in substantial increases in project=20
economics and enhanced the overall value of many deals. The Regulatory Risk=20
Analytics group has been tasked to help you quantify EGA=01,s portion of this=20
value added over the past year. For budgetary reasons, it is critical for=20
every EGA member to participate in this exercise and document his/her share=20
of significant value added.  Please contact Gia Maisashvili or John Neslage=20
to discuss the  methodology for determining EGA=01,s value added as soon as=20
possible.   The contact information for Gia is (713)  853-4346, and for John=20
its (713) 853-6827.
The dead line for this effort is Friday,  September 1st
Thank you for your cooperation
Steven J Kean
08/14/2000 05:42 PM
Sent by: Maureen McVicker
As I promised this morning at the executive committee meeting, below are some 
talking points for your use.
Overall message:  the market is working, regulation is not.
In California, peak demand rose by 10% over the last 4 years while new 
capacity grew by only 2%.  But, as you would expect, the market responded by 
proposing 8,000MW of new generation - - more than enough to offset the peak 
demand growth.  The regulatory process, at both the state and local level, 
has failed to site this new generation.  The problem is regulation, not 
deregulation.
When San Diego customers began experiencing the effects of higher prices, 
Enron responded with a fixed price which would have shielded San Diego 
customers from price volatility and provided prices below their current 
summer levels (Enron's price was about $55/MWH).  After publication of 
Enron's offer, nine other companies made offers.  Again, the market responded 
where regulation failed.  San Diego has not accepted any of these offers 
because of regulatory/legislative restrictions on its ability to buy outside 
of the PX (i.e. the spot market).
In markets where siting is easier, suppliers have moved to build additional 
generation.  Enron built 3 plants in response to the 1998 price spikes Those plants were planned, sited and built in less that 12 months - - in time 
for the summer of 1999.  Where regulatory hurdles are lower, the market 
responds.
The solution to current pricing and reliability issues is more competition 
not reregulation.  Policy makers should:
Open the transmission grid so that power can get from where it is to where it 
is needed.
Expedite interconnection of new generation.
Expedite siting of new facilities.
Give customers a choice, so that they have better access to demand side 
solutions.
Also attached is a more detailed discussion of California, prepared by Jeff 
Dasovich of our San Francisco office.
Another bit of background re Frankfurt (see below).  I would be a little bit=20
more insistent on German Consulate support than Herr Sturm suggests=20
(otherwise this could become a black hole for your time).
=09
Dear Mr. Kean:
I would like to thank you and Mark Schroeder very much for your time and
outstanding hospitality in Houston.  I very much enjoyed meeting with you
and your message, that your Chairman Kenneth Lay confirmed for dinner with
our Mayor Petra Roth was very well received and we are all very excited and
looking forward to November 30.
However it raises great interest in the question of organization of the
dinner and the additional participating chairpeople of other companies. Will
Enron now invite for that dinner, which I understand will be the gathering
of 10-12 major decision makers in the energy field? If you could be so kind
as to share with us the thoughts of Ken Lay=01%s office with   to that
point, or give me a contact there, I would very much appreciate.
An alternative we discussed or as an addition the next day (Lunch), would be
that a business-group would host an event, which could include a wider
audience of business people of Houston.  After having spoken with the German
Consulate in Houston and with the German American Chamber here, it
unfortunately appears as if they will not be capable for s.th. we achieve.
Everybody recommended to work with the reputative Greater Houston
Partnership, whose President was on vacation last week.  I would welcome any
assistance in getting us in contact with them.  Probably it would not take
too many efforts for Enron, to have them consider supporting out idea of
promoting our ideas. To help you pass them, I again include our plan for
Houston (see attached doc).
I will be in contact with your colleague Mark Palmer with   to the
press-coverage. Thank you for your response to your earliest possible
convenience.
Yours Sincerely
Michael Sturm
Wirtschaftsf"rderung Frankfurt-
Frankfurt Economic Development GmbH
Hanauer Landstr. 182d
60314 Frankfurt am Main
Tel: +011 49 69 212-38764
Fax: +011 49 69 212-36230
E-Mail: st@frankfurt-business.de
Ken Lay is confirmed for dinner with the mayor on the evening of November
30.
- Houstonplan.doc
Janine Migden
12/13/99 03:57 PM
Thom and I have just completed negotiations in West Virginia involving APS, 
AEP and other stakeholders.
The settlement, being filed today is a compromise on all the issues and is 
the result of negotiations.  Enron was the only marketer involved in the 
process.  While we weighed in all the issues, there are a number of items 
that but for our persistence would not have been included in the final 
agreement.  These items include the following:
1.  Native load language
2.  Competitive metering and billing for industrial and large commercials as 
of day one, with other customers following no later than within the next four 
years.
3.  Addition of competitive bidding for default service at end of 5 years.
4.  Change from functional separation to a requirement to corporately 
separate as soon as possible but no later than within the next five years.
5.  Strong codes of conduct that form the base for more detailed rulemaking (A special thanks to Lara Leibman for her assistance).
Below is a summary of the entire settlement:
1.  All customers can exercise choice beginning January 1, 2001.
2.  All utilities including IOU's, munies and coops can opt in.  APS has 
committed to opt in whereas AEP is not because it did not get any stranded 
cost and it also did not get a guarantee of full recovery of all costs 
resulting from the environmental lawsuits against them irrespective of their 
financial condition 3.  Competitive metering and billing as described above.
4.  Generation is deregulated.
5.  PSC continues jurisdiction over implemention, rate unbundling, 
reliability, codes of conduct, supplier licensing, construction of 
transmission lines and eminent domain authority.
6.  Native load language - Requires utilities to provide service to 
affiliated and unaffiliated suppliers only under the applicable distribution 
tariffs and proformatransmission tariffs.
7.  RTO's - Each utility must join a FERC approved RTO or its equivlent by no 
later than 1/1/03;  best efforts requirement to eliminate pancaking by 1/1/05 
if IOU's are in separate RTO's.
8.  Competitive bidding process for  default service customers at end of year 
5 for remainder of transition period.
9.  Rate unbundling requirement
10. Rates capped for first 4 years with any FERC change in transmission being 
applied as an offset to distribution.
Rates continue to be regulated through the 10th year with the rate gradually 
increasing during the second six years for the residential and small 
commercial customers.  For the large commercial and industrial customers, the 
rate regulation ends 12/31/07.
11.  A rate stabilization deferral fund is created to facilitate the 
transition to competition in years 11, 12 and 13, under which APS must 
contribute $56.75 million and AEP must contribute $81 million to be used as 
an offset to the prices paid by small residential and commercial default 
customers.
12.  Large commercial and industrial customers receive for the first 4 years, 
rate decreases in an amount to be determined by the Commission for AEP 
customers and 3% for APS customers.  The rate decrease is allocated to 
distribution.
13.  No stranded costs (either generating or regulatory assets) for AEP or 
APS, however APS gets a ten year PURPA surcharge starting at 2.6 mills per 
kwh in year one and declining to .75 mills per kwh in the last two years.
14.  Usual licensing requirements.  (AEP fought for the right to have a 
second tier of licensing where they would have the ability to certify 
marketers but we defeated that).
15. Corporate separation and codes of conduct as described above 16. Consumer protection and education requirements typically found in other 
plans.
17. Low income protection provisions providing a .2 mil surcharge with the 
minimum being $.40 and the maximum being $300.
18. Utility worker protection plan.
Below for your information is the plan.
At this point the plan goes to the PSC for approval and then on to the 
legislature for a resoulution approving the PSC order.  We expect that AEP 
and labor will oppose it, so it will be a close call.
Janine
Here are some more thoughts:
FERC should take a hard look at why the ISO is almost always in an "inc" 
situation in real time.  Without structural incentives to go short into real 
time, I would expect the CAISO to "inc" in some hours and "dec" in others with no consistent patterns.
The IOU's have four choices for purchasing power:  PX Block Forward, PX Day 
Ahead, PX Day Of, and CAISO Ex Post.  They had ample opportunity to purchase 
lower cost power in the PX Block Forward but didn't buy enough.  That left 
them short in the Day Ahead.  They can reduce Day Ahead prices by moving some 
of their load to the Ex Post market.  Dave Parquet did an Econ 101 
presentation on this incentive at the CAISO board meeting in June.
The ISO remains primarily in "inc" mode even during the shoulder months when 
prices are lower, another indicator that the real time "inc" problem is 
driven by the load side rather than the supply side.  The IOU's continue to 
go short into the ISO Ex Post market even when the CAISO Ex Post price is 
consistently above the PX Day Ahead price.
There is evidence that the IOU's are not willing to pay above the CAISO price 
cap for energy from the PX in the Day Ahead market.  Does it matter that the 
price cap for the ISO also acts as a PX price cap?
The NOx market in California is very tight.  How has this contributed to 
higher costs and has the complete lack of available NOx credits prevented any 
generators from running?
How large was the impact of the below normal water year on the supply side The attached presentation quantifies this effect in the Northwest.  (I have a 
theory on how hydro capacity completely overstates reserve margins in the 
west from an economic perspective.  I can go into more detail if you wish.)
Friction between California PX and ISO markets and other western markets For example, why are actual flows going into the state yet prices out side of 
the state are higher?  Another example of anomylous behavior is at COB on 
8/11 and 8/12.  There was congestion from California TO the northwest those 
days in the Day Ahead market.  In real time the NW ended up being a net 
seller of about 3,000 MW from the NW TO California.
Demand Side - we really need to press on this issue because all of the 
proponents of price caps claim that as soon as the demand side is "workably 
competitive" then there is no need for price caps.  Is large-scale economic 
demand response required for a competitive market?  What if demand response 
is there, but at very high prices?  The demand response in California is a 
joke.  With 2700 MW of interuptible, why did the utilities and the CAISO only 
get around 600 MW of economic demand response.  Much of this response comes 
at $1500/MWh.  The assymetric treatment of supply side resources and demand 
side resources can be justified on environmental grounds, but not economic 
grounds.  So why this assymetric treatment?  This gets to the question of the 
fine line between "scarcity rents" which are ok, and market power which is 
not.  If power is scarce, and demand truly values it at $1500/MWh then 
shouldn't that be the price.  At what price would the rest of the 
interuptible load economically curtail?  Bottom line -- there are about 2,000 
MW of load that should be able to respond to price signals that chooses not 
to or values power at more than $1500/MWh.
Burden of proof -- what empirical measures should be used to assess market 
power?  The reports published to date have been unimpressive.  The Market 
Analysis Unit report, for example, does a bunch of handwaving and then 
concludes that there is market power.  But they never explain why.  I would 
think that proof might be something like this:  Generator X sets price y% of 
the time when loads exceed Z MWs.  Or, four generators set price 80% of the 
time when prices exceed $200/MWh.  They have all the data to be able to tell, 
yet they don't provide any empirical measures.  The only test I've heard of 
so far is the UC Energy Institute report that demonstrates that generators 
are submitting bids above their marginal cost.  The PX report states that 
supply bids are fewer and at higher prices than last year.  They fail to 
mention the fact that there are 5,000 fewer MW of hydro this year relative to 
last.
James D Steffes@EES
08/17/2000 06:18 AM
As we begin to meet with FERC Staff on the Wholesale market issues related to 
CA problems, I think that we need to put together a list of questions that 
FERC needs to be asking Western power market participants 
The following are some questions that I think are important to have FERC ask; 
I'm sure there are more.
1. Were California utilities underscheduling load into the PX day ahead 
market 2. How many MWs did the CA ISO procure during each hour during the Summer 
2000?  How does this compare with CA ISO procurement during 1999?
3. Has PG&E changed its bidding behavior associated with its Hydro facilities 
in 2000 3. Are there baseload facilities that were operated differently in 2000 than 
in 1999?
4. Were any generation plants off-line due to unplanned maintenance during 
Summer 2000?
5. How did the CA ISO demand side program work?  Why didn't more load 
participate 6. What options did SDG&E have to "hedge" its retail rates?  What were prices 
in the CAL PX block forward market on Jan 15, 2000 and May 15, 2000?
7. How high did natural gas prices go in California for generation during 
Summer 2000?
8. Were other Western power markets prices higher (year-on-year)?
9. Did the CA ISO Board face political pressure to reduce bid caps?  Is this 
appropriate for a FERC jurisdictional entity?
10. What specific details is SDG&E referring to in its Complaint on 
"unworkably competitive" CA ISO markets?  Can these be fixed "quickly"?
Please add other questions.
Jim
UPDATE:  AT THIS TIME, OUR GROUP PARTICIPATION IN UNITED WAY IS ONLY 50% 
PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO FILL OUT YOUR UNITED WAY PLEDGE TODAY 
You can do so by clicking on the following link 
Thanks for taking the time to discuss the Enron Advisory Council today.  I 
think the second topic you mentioned "Escaping the Inherent Limits of 
Success" would be a great discussion starter.  I'll add it to the agenda and 
look forward to seeing you there.
I've made some changes (shown in bold).  Bracketed text indicates a deletion
.
Jeannie Mandelker@ECT
08/18/2000 05:34 PM
Steve -- great guidance.
Cynthia -- hope we're in time.
Jeff -- the fifth paragraph has some supply/demand figures for the early part 
of this week that I heard but can't track down the written source. Any 
suggestions?
Please review and don't hesitate to call me this weekend. Best bet is home 
number -- 914-736-9504 or cell phone -- 914-318-1568.
Jeannie
In my interview I stressed that a big part of the communication problem is 
the narrow and impermanent nature of the information about what's going on at 
Enron.  Narrow because for every significant activity there are only a few 
who are in the loop and "impermanent" because very little information is 
committed to writing (most of it is exchanged in person or over the phone This is, I believe, what lies at the heart of complaints about 
cross-department communication.  We now have some solutions emerging software that enables more people to record and post information in HTML 
format on company intranet sites.  I suspect that using such tools will face 
two obstacles: learning how to use them (ie there's a huge need for training) 
and making it part of our culture as a knowledge/learning organization
Richard Amabile
08/18/2000 05:20 PM
This is a reminder that we would like your feedback/input on the items 
mentioned below regarding the Computer Based Communications Training 
Initiative.  Please respond by the close of business Monday, August 21 
otherwise we will need to move ahead with the responses received by that time.
Dick Amabile 
Richard Amabile
08/16/2000 02:40 PM
As agreed in our V&V meeting today I have attached two items for your review:
1. A list of those who have been interviewed or have been part of a focus 
group on this subject.
The input from individuals on this list will be the basis for developing the 
5-7 key scenarios that will be a part of the training.  Please let me know if 
you feel we should include more people from your unit to insure that your 
unit's unique circumstances are appropriately taken into account.  If so, let 
us know either their names or how you would like them to be identified.
Some of the individuals on this list will be contacted as Subject Matter 
Experts to help provide real Enron contexts for the scenarios as they are 
further developed.
2. A list of the "first draft" objectives for the program and 10 possible 
scenarios.
Since we will only be able to have a total of about 5-7 scenarios in the 
final version, identify the 5 - 7 on this list of high level scenario ideas 
that will have the most impact on improving communications and the most 
applicability to a range of managers across the Enron organization.  Any 
other feedback you can provide on the objectives or scenarios would be 
greatly appreciated.
We are seeking to move forward with the development of scenarios by the 
beginning of next week.  Therefore, if you could provide your feedback on 
both of the items above by Friday, August 18th, it would be greatly 
appreciated.
Dick Amabile
My message cut off...  The conclusion is that while we continue to need to 
address the kinds of issues laid out in your recommnedations, we need to look 
at solutions which may go deeper to adress our communications problems solutions which have become available only recently.  Why not have these guys 
focus on an online training program to both teach people how to make 
information available and accessible (eg by recording information and 
updating on the intranet) and demonstrating the importance of this activity 
to the success of the organization.
I think you and your team have done a fine job dealing with the traditional 
(and perhaps largely insoluble problems) that this group wants to take on.  I 
am pessimistic that the program outlined below will provide anything other 
than marginal improvements.   I am somewhat optimistic, though, that we may 
be able to bypass many of these problems (and get to the heart of what people 
are really complaining about in the survey) by instituting real knowledge 
management at Enron.
Richard Amabile
08/18/2000 05:20 PM
This is a reminder that we would like your feedback/input on the items 
mentioned below regarding the Computer Based Communications Training 
Initiative.  Please respond by the close of business Monday, August 21 
otherwise we will need to move ahead with the responses received by that time.
Dick Amabile 
Richard Amabile
08/16/2000 02:40 PM
As agreed in our V&V meeting today I have attached two items for your review:
1. A list of those who have been interviewed or have been part of a focus 
group on this subject.
The input from individuals on this list will be the basis for developing the 
5-7 key scenarios that will be a part of the training.  Please let me know if 
you feel we should include more people from your unit to insure that your 
unit's unique circumstances are appropriately taken into account.  If so, let 
us know either their names or how you would like them to be identified.
Some of the individuals on this list will be contacted as Subject Matter 
Experts to help provide real Enron contexts for the scenarios as they are 
further developed.
2. A list of the "first draft" objectives for the program and 10 possible 
scenarios.
Since we will only be able to have a total of about 5-7 scenarios in the 
final version, identify the 5 - 7 on this list of high level scenario ideas 
that will have the most impact on improving communications and the most 
applicability to a range of managers across the Enron organization.  Any 
other feedback you can provide on the objectives or scenarios would be 
greatly appreciated.
We are seeking to move forward with the development of scenarios by the 
beginning of next week.  Therefore, if you could provide your feedback on 
both of the items above by Friday, August 18th, it would be greatly 
appreciated.
Dick Amabile
Yes.  Contact either Gia or John and get the ball rolling.  Thanks
Michael Terraso
08/18/2000 04:20 PM
Steve, I received this note from Jeff Keeler who is on the government affairs=20
distribution list.  Would you also want the EHS groups to work with Gia or=20
John in developing value added documentation for this year's budget process? =20
Mike
Mike:   here is a message from Steve Kean that is very relevant to the part=20
of our call the other day in which we discussed the need to determine what=20
EHS' (or Environmental Strategies') role should be in communicating with JIm=20
Steffes' group and documenting the value we add.   I will talk to Jim, but I=20
am planning to have my group provide this information and meet the deadline=20
in this memo.   You may want to inquire with Steve as to whether others in=20
EHS should participate as well.
Jeff
Steven J Kean@EES
08/18/2000 02:39 PM
Sent by: Maureen McVicker@EES
Dear Colleagues,
=20
On numerous occasions this past year, Enron Government Affairs (EGA) support=20
provided to commercial groups resulted in substantial increases in project=20
economics and enhanced the overall value of many deals. The Regulatory Risk=20
Analytics group has been tasked to help you quantify EGA=01,s portion of this=20
value added over the past year. For budgetary reasons, it is critical for=20
every EGA member to participate in this exercise and document his/her share=20
of significant value added.  Please contact Gia Maisashvili or John Neslage=20
to discuss the  methodology for determining EGA=01,s value added as soon as=20
possible.   The contact information for Gia is (713)  853-4346, and for John=20
its (713) 853-6827.
The dead line for this effort is Friday,  September 1st
Thank you for your cooperation
Should we (or ESCA) start looking for opportunities like this now to get the 
word out?
EEI is pleased to announce a three-conference series addressing RTOs and 
electricity market design.
*  RTOs and Market Design:  How to Get Electricity Markets to Work.
September 28 and 29, Hilton Washington Embassy Row.
Current draft agenda attached.  This conference features a star-studded cast 
of speakers addressing market design issues from all around the country Keynote by Commissioner William Massey.
*  RTOs:  The October Filings
November 2 and 3, Washington D.C. (hotel information to come).
Team leaders from each of the RTOs under development that must file in 
October will present their RTO plans.  EEI will have summaries of all of the 
major filings available.   This conference will give everyone a chance to be 
on the same page as to what the RTO filings propose and to learn what is 
being developed around the country.
*  RTOs:  The January Filings
February 8 and 9, Washington, D.C. (hotel information to come).
Team leaders from each of the approved ISOs that will file in January will 
present their RTO plans.  EEI will have summaries of all of the major filings 
available.  This conference will complete the initial tour of the RTO plans, 
nationwide.
These three conferences will give you the information you need to understand 
tomorrow's electric business and a chance to network with leaders in the  
industry.
For further information and conference registration materials, email Judy 
Mastin, jmastin@eei.org.
We   there,
Christina C. Forbes
Director, Federal Commercial and Regulatory Policy
Edison Electric Institute
P 202 508 5104
F 202 508 5445
cforbes@eei.org
- RTOMktDesAgenda.doc
Please forward to public affairs group Nailia Dindarova@ECT
08/18/2000 09:43 AM
Please see attached as promised by Peter Styles just now.
fyi
Joseph P Hirl
08/16/2000 05:39 PM
Steve,
Thanks for your voice mail the other day.  Your memo certainly helped in 
better understanding the situation.  Locally, we have not seen any additional 
articles on CA or on dereg, but will let you know if we do. I will also take 
onboard your other comments.  I speak with Mark tomorrow to go over Nick's 
review.
thanks,
Joe
I don't really have a problem with this, but I thought that all VP promotions 
were supposed to go through our year end process.  That's what I have been 
saying in response to the inquiries I am getting.  Ken, being newly back in 
the fold, likely didn't know about the process.
Kurt S Huneke@_DEVELOPMENT
12/12/99 08:31 PM
First I heard about this.  I assume it is a reward for the PTC extension Hope it makes sense to you.
Ken Karas@
12/10/99 01:50 PM
I am pleased to announce that Hap Boyd has been promoted to Vice President Governmental and Regulatory Affairs for Enron Wind Corp. reporting to me. Hap 
will be responsible for managing our worldwide governmental, legislative, and 
regulatory needs. Hap has been a valued member of our team for since 1994 and 
recently has lead the successful effort to extend the Production Tax Credit. 
Hap has made a number of significant contributions to our business and I am 
delighted that he is taking on this expanded role.
Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other 
jurisdictions, we have developed the following training program:
1.    Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for 
traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary.
2.    Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is 
being scheduled in Houston and Calgary.
3.    Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but 
needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues.  It also needs 
to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary. 
Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local 
power pool rules.  There is a similar program being prepared in London.  A 
meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.
Mark Haedicke
fyi
Per our conversation on coordination of our efforts on California and other 
jurisdictions, we have developed the following training program:
1.    Anti-trust -- we have completed anti-trust training in Houston for 
traders and have scheduled it in Portland and Calgary.
2.    Sales Practices -- this training has been completed in Portland and is 
being scheduled in Houston and Calgary.
3.    Anti-manipulation -- this training has been completed in Portland, but 
needs to be expanded to cover local law manipulation issues.  It also needs 
to be scheduled in Houston and Calgary. 
Also, the above training needs to be supplemented with training on local 
power pool rules.  There is a similar program being prepared in London.  A 
meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.
Mark Haedicke
We handed the Oped to DeLay's staff at lunch.  I think we're finished for 
now.
Any interest?
Marcus Mclaughlin  > Dear Mr. Kean,