__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
COMED is always SLOW 
the kid!
mjmoreland@aep.com on 05/22/2000 09:23:47 AM
Rusty Parks  
Dear Abby,
I am a sailor in the United States Coast Guard. My parents live in the suburb 
of
Philadelphia and one of my sisters, who lives in Bensonhurst is married to a
transvestite. My Father and Mother have recently been arrested for growing and
selling marijuana and are currently dependent on my other two sisters, who are
prostitutes in Jersey City. I have two brothers, one who is currently serving 
a
non-parole life sentence in Attica, for the rape & murder of a teenage boy in
1994, the other currently being held in the Wellington Remand Center on 
charges
of incest with his three children.
I have recently become engaged to marry a former Thai prostitute who lives in
the Bronx and indeed is still a part-time "working girl" in a brothel, 
however,
her time there is limited as she has recently been infected with an STD.  We
intend to marry as soon as possible and are currently looking into the
possibility of opening our own brothel, with my fiancee utilizing her 
knowledge
of the industry working as the manager.  I am hoping my two sisters would be
interested in joining our team.  Although I would prefer them not to 
prostitute
themselves, at least it would get them off the streets and, hopefully, the
heroin.
I love my fiancee and look forward to bringing her into the family, and of
course I want to be totally honest with her.  This is my dilemma:  Should I 
tell
her about my cousin who graduated from RICE University?
Signed, Worried about my reputation
what is up!!  did you move or something??  How is the BBQ place going??
mc
I've gotten this joke for every school ,,,,,, I  thought the KU one was  a 
lot more funny of course!
Life is all about a "Six pack and a Sun-tan!"
MC
I love my house....Are you coming to Oklahoma in June with your Dad??  We 
were thinking about going fishing 
Mike
KenRCars@aol.com on 05/20/2000 07:48:11 AM
<A HREF="  here: Radio
stations from around the world 
This is a good site to quickly find worldwide radio stations on the
internet....can sort any way first by continent then by news, talk, type of
music etc.   Can be very interesting to "tune in" to say a world hot spot
when something is happening.  I go to KOMA and Bob Brinker and Guam from
here.   For instance, there was some news on a possible military takeover on
the island of Fiji this morning...i went to a Fiji news station.
Kenny
I am trading power still ... but with a lot bigger "BAT" to play with I 
guess!   We are doing fine ... actually we are trying to buy a house.....and 
oh yeah ..... Heather is pregant!
mc
Where are you at now 
Did you come in town this wk end..... My new number at our house is 713-668-3712...... my cell # is 281-381-7332
the kid
When is your big day again?????  keep me informed!!
First of all I can't believe you have a girlfriend.......  does she shave her 
legs 
MC
Just give me a call when you want to go!    713-807-7507
mc
dirty 
what time are we meeting at your place tonight 
Heather and I just had the sonogram yesterday,,,, and it is a boy!!!!   He is 
due in October 
MC
NO can do on the 23rd....I thought you said the 17th...... heather's 
grandparents 50th anniversary is the 23rd!
MC
I'm in!!!!   I really need a beer!
MC
Any plans for the "green holiday 
I think we are going to name the baby after your new boss at 
KOCH......."Uday 
MC
Yes ,,,, still trading at ENRON.... very big company but it seems very 
strong.....   when were thinking of having a party for Michaelis??
my wife will be out of town,,,,, but that means more beer for me!
give me a call at work sometime.....713-853-6203
Heather's b-day is june 24th
please send this info to Rob Benson as well
Just got your voice mail at the house this wk end.... We have just moved into 
our house and had not checked that # for a couple days.......  I had wondered 
why I never got a reply from you on the e-mails I sent......  I guess we know 
now!
Update...... if you did'nt already know ,,,, Heather and I are having a baby 
boy due in October.... We are both very excited 
Got to go....stay in touch
MC
perge!
Michael Carson
4114 Riley
Houston, TX 77005
FYI---  Kenny's girl friend is throwing him a surprise party tonight at 
Cadillac Bar(7:00)...... call me for info....713-853-6203 or cell: 
281-381-7332
MC
Heather
So,,,, will you guys be up for a few brewskies on Friday??
what time and when do we get the pork 
Saturday sounds good!!
Doug Towns  Any pork loins?  If not, bring on the chops.  If you bring them by on Sat AM
I will marinate them for the grill.
any lips and a-holes with that??
rlmichaelis@hormel.com on 06/13/2000 10:58:03 AM
No need to marinade.  The tenderloins will be delivered by the
pork man, already marinated and always tender ... guaranteed
Ryan
what is up with you??  the baby is doing great!   Are you still at Power with 
smelly hands 
still partying like a rock-star
CARSON!
It's a boy...........and he is hung like a horse!
WHAT IS THE CROSS STREET ON RICHMOND??
Are you guys up for a little guys night out tonight?? Call me 713-853-6203  
or leave a message for me at home 713-668-3712.
MC
And it is on!
It's all about the he said, she said bullshit
Are you guys up for a little guys night out tonight?? Call me 713-853-6203
or leave a message for me at home 713-668-3712.
MC
WHAT IS YO # @ WK??
what is up?? ..... we need to have a beer sometime!
MC
give me a call: at home 743-807-7507,,,,,,mobile: 281-381-7332 
giddy
mc
are you up for golf saturday or sunday??
got us a tee time at Hermann @ 11:17am saturday morning...anyone else want to 
play??
Go vote for the Cats 
SORRY...just got the email this morning...i was out of town 
giddy-up
MC
what is the id and password??
total damage for the wk end is $170.00
MC
I'm coming up on the 8th for the ceremony.... I got the air tickets 
yesterday.... I am arriving in Baltimore at noon and driving down to DC I need directions from BWI to the air base I guess.   As far as 
accomidations,,, just let me know 
giddy up!
MC 
You guys are coming down the 29th of July????  right 
Did you get your B-day present??
yes
Are you the ex-avista employee party coordinator or something 
Joh,Rogers and Mike,
The attached details a fishing trip we would like to invite the three of you
to.  We need to reserve boats and hotels soon so check and let me know if
you can make it.
Thanks
Chris and Buck
- Fishing trip 81500.doc
can i sleep on your lawn??
Chad Starnes@ECT
07/19/2000 12:21 AM
This Saturday I am having an informal gathering at my house for those of you 
that are free to attend. People should start arriving around 8:00, so stop by 
whenever you want.
Directions: We live off Memorial
Coming from 610 towards downtown stay on Memorial, go
past the Park and take a Left onto Detering. You will
go through a stop sign then you take a right on a
street called Floyd. Floyd will end directly into our
complex. Our house is in the back left. The address
is:
662 Lester
Houston Tx 77007
Thanks!
LOVE YOU MY LITTLE POD!!
YBGF
mc
Wus up!!   Just wondering if you give me directions from BWI to our 
accomidations on the base??  I will be arriving at BWI @ 12 noon.  I rented a 
car ,and I am driving down to DC.   I will then take a cab from the base to 
the pentagon ,,,, I guess.    Can't wait to see you , Jan , and the kids!
MC
perge!
I will be taking a vacation day on August 8th, and a half day on the 9th.
thanks,
mike carson
Some friends of my wife and I are throwing a little bash on the evening of 
September 9th for my upcoming baby BOY.   I would like to invite you all to 
attend.  I believe there will be a margarita machine 
If you want to come,, please reply by sending me your address.  You will then 
recieve an invitation by mail.
there,,
Mike
comed sucks!
713-853-6203
i'm in 
GOLF THIS WEEKEND ANYONE??
Some friends of my wife and I are throwing a little bash on the evening of 
September 9th for my upcoming baby BOY.   I would like to invite you all to 
attend.  I believe there will be a margarita machine 
If you want to come,, please reply by sending me your address.  You will then 
recieve an invitation by mail.
there,,
Mike
bring the kids.... but they can't have any booze!
Mike Carson
07/31/2000 04:22 PM
Some friends of my wife and I are throwing a little bash on the evening of 
September 9th for my upcoming baby BOY.   I would like to invite you all to 
attend.  I believe there will be a margarita machine 
If you want to come,, please reply by sending me your address.  You will then 
recieve an invitation by mail.
there,,
Mike
what is your address??
What is your address??
Cesar is at Tractebel  ........   Him and Jason Armenta together ,,,,,,, what 
a combo!
Here it is 
yep
Is it going to Melissa again
Doug Sewell
I will be out Friday 8/24/01 to attend a wedding.  Paul Schiavone will be running my products.
Thanks,
MC
Cell: 281-381-7332
Page: 877-306-6979
It looks like they may be wavering a bit.  The only catch is that the redirect must be done 2 days ahead of time..  Also, there must be firm transmission available on the redirected path.  Currently, in the short term at least, there is no firm transmission to any place of value,,,,ie SOCO, AMRN, TVA.  Entergy is still, unfortunately, LONG JAIL If you guys read this notice any different, please let me know.
CARSON
Does this mean Ent is wavering on the firm point-to-point argument?  maybe pressure being felt through the RTO process?
RH
Date:=09August 21, 2001
Effective 10:00 AM, Wednesday August 22, 2001, Entergy will begin accepting partial term REDIRECTS on a firm basis.  Entergy believes the guidelines listed below are necessary to manage the redirects on a firm basis, and successfully allow the recalled portion of the original reservation to become available for other customers to purchase. If you have any questions, please call David McNeill at 870-541-3931 or Cameron Warren at 870-543-5497.
Section 22.2 - Modification on a Firm Basis
a) As available, Entergy's transmission customers may modify the source/sink or POR/POD of confirmed firm point-to-point service on a firm basis at no additional cost per section 22.2 and Attachment 'M' of the OATT.
b) Requests to modify on a firm basis will be treated as a new request for firm service.
c) Requests to modify on a short-term firm basis must be submitted via OASIS using the REDIRECT function no later than 12:00 noon two days prior to the start of the redirected service. Requests to modify on a long-term firm basis (twelve months or longer) will be processed according to the current business practices for original long-term firm service.
d) Request to modify on a firm basis must be pre-confirmed.
e) The REDIRECT request must include the assignment number of the original request in the related reference field.
f) Requests to modify on a firm basis must specify the exact same capacity as the original request.
g) Requests to modify on a firm basis must not be for an interval of the original reservation in which a previously submitted schedule exists.
h) Requests to modify on a firm basis may be submitted in daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly service increments.
i) Requests to modify on a firm basis must be within the time interval of original reservation (the REDIRECT cannot start before the original start date or end after the original end date).
j) Upon acceptance of a REDIRECT request, the customer loses their rights to the redirected interval of the original request and Entergy will release the original reserved capacity back to the market. If the customer wishes to revert back to the original path they must submit another REDIRECT subject to the same guidelines as all other new REDIRECT requests.
k) When applicable, rollover rights will be given on the original reservation only.
Actually I am going to his wedding this wk end in Nebraska.......Here is his email: WentaPB@phoenix-cement.com
I'll have to come and visit!
What up Mike!  Did I send you the email that I am moving to San Fran., well
if I didn't, here it is.  Yes, CJ is going to live in Homoland, but it's
better than Spokane!  Anyway, is Wenta still in Sacramento?  Shoot me his
email and # if you have it.  Hope everything is going well.  CJ
_________________________________________________________________
JCS is a K_Stater 
MC
HE MAKES US  PROUD!
You should be proud to know that General Richard  Meyers '65 has been nominated by President Bush to the post of Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Mitzi Frieling, Alumni Office, has forwarded this  website address to read more about the General  
DON'T FORGET THE HAPPY HOUR!
The last Happy Hour of the KSU Alumni Club for the 2001 season  will be this Thursday, August 30, from 6 to 8 pm.  The Happy group gathers  at the Champps American in Uptown Park near the Galleria.  Hope you can be  there to say goodbye to summer and hello to football season!
HELLO  FOOTBALL!!
All of us folks in Houston may not realize it, but fall is  almost here!  And what does that mean?  Football!! Football!! and More  Football!!   KSU is ranked high again this year so let's get out to  our Watch Parties to cheer the team on!  First Watch Party is on Saturday, September 8, at 5:30 pm  when KSU defeats the mighty USC team.  Where are the Watch Parties?  At the new  SRO in Northwest Mall at 290 and 610 West intersection.  It's a great new  location with wonderful tv's and sound.  If you can't go to California for  the game, this is the next best thing!  We have a great time!  New  shirts for sale!  Other surprises!  GO CATS!
FALL  BARBECUE
October 14 is the date to remember.  That is our club's  4th annual bbq and scholarship dinner.  Your invitation should be placed in  your mailbox by around September 13.  Mark it down now.  It's a fun  event and also helps us raise money for our club's scholarship given  annually  
Check our website for more information on all the above events  sponsored by the Houston Alumni Club and the Kansas State University Alumni  Association.
What is our website address?   houalum.zk-state.com
EVERY MAN A  WILDCAT!
Joyce and Ken Nesmith
Co-chairmen of Houston Alumni Club
281 444-5361j.nesmith@prodigy.net 
K-Stater ,, as the CJS ,,,, What is the world coming to 
MC
HE MAKES US  PROUD!
You should be proud to know that General Richard  Meyers '65 has been nominated by President Bush to the post of Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Mitzi Frieling, Alumni Office, has forwarded this  website address to read more about the General  
DON'T FORGET THE HAPPY HOUR!
The last Happy Hour of the KSU Alumni Club for the 2001 season  will be this Thursday, August 30, from 6 to 8 pm.  The Happy group gathers  at the Champps American in Uptown Park near the Galleria.  Hope you can be  there to say goodbye to summer and hello to football season!
HELLO  FOOTBALL!!
All of us folks in Houston may not realize it, but fall is  almost here!  And what does that mean?  Football!! Football!! and More  Football!!   KSU is ranked high again this year so let's get out to  our Watch Parties to cheer the team on!  First Watch Party is on Saturday, September 8, at 5:30 pm  when KSU defeats the mighty USC team.  Where are the Watch Parties?  At the new  SRO in Northwest Mall at 290 and 610 West intersection.  It's a great new  location with wonderful tv's and sound.  If you can't go to California for  the game, this is the next best thing!  We have a great time!  New  shirts for sale!  Other surprises!  GO CATS!
FALL  BARBECUE
October 14 is the date to remember.  That is our club's  4th annual bbq and scholarship dinner.  Your invitation should be placed in  your mailbox by around September 13.  Mark it down now.  It's a fun  event and also helps us raise money for our club's scholarship given  annually  
Check our website for more information on all the above events  sponsored by the Houston Alumni Club and the Kansas State University Alumni  Association.
What is our website address?   houalum.zk-state.com
EVERY MAN A  WILDCAT!
Joyce and Ken Nesmith
Co-chairmen of Houston Alumni Club
281 444-5361j.nesmith@prodigy.net 
When  you have 5 minutes you have to read this e-mail about shitting at work.  It  is the funniest thing I have ever read.
Larry Martin 
1999 SURVIVAL GUIDE FOR TAKING A DUMP AT WORK. 
ESCAPEE 
Definition: 
A fart that slips out while taking a leak at the urinal   or 
forcing poop in a stall. This is usually  accompanied by a sudden wave 
of panic/embarrassment.  This is similar to the hot flash you receive 
when  passing an unseen police car and speeding. If you release an 
escapee, do not acknowledge it. Pretend it did not happen. If you  are 
standing next to the farter at the urinal, pretend  that you did not 
hearit. No one likes an escapee, it  is uncomfortable for all involved. 
Making a joke or  laughing makes both parties feel uneasy. 
JAILBREAK (Used in conjunction with escapee) 
Definition: When forcing poop, several farts slip out at a machine  guns 
pace. This is usually a side effect of diarrhea  or a hangover. If this 
should happen do not panic,  remain in the stall until everyone has left 
the  bathroom so to spare everyone the awkwardness of what just occurred COURTESY FLUSH 
Definition: The act of  flushing the toilet the instant the nose cone of 
the  poop log hits the water and the poop is whisked away to an 
undisclosed location. This reduces the amount of air time the poop  has 
to stink up the bathroom. This can help you avoid  being caught doing the 
WALK OF SHAME. 
WALK OF SHAME 
Definition: Walking from  the stall, to the sink, to the door after you 
have  just stunk-up the bathroom. This can be a very uncomfortable moment  
if someone walks in and busts you. As with all farts, it is  best to 
pretend that the smell does not exist. Can be  avoided with the use of a 
COURTESY FLUSH. 
OUT OF THE CLOSET POOPER 
Definition: A  colleague who poops at work and is damn proud of it. You 
will often see an Out of the Closet Pooper enter the bathroom with newspaper or magazine under their arm. Always look  around the office for 
the Out of the Closet pooper  before entering the bathroom. 
THE POOPING FRIENDS NETWORK (PFN) 
Definition: A group of coworkers who band together to ensure  emergency 
pooping goes off without incident. This  group can help you to monitor 
the whereabouts of OUT  OF THE CLOSET POOPERS and identify SAFE HAVENS. 
SAFE HAVEN 
Definition: A seldom used  bathroom somewhere in the building where you 
can least  expect visitors. Try floors that are predominantly of the 
opposite sex. This will reduce the odds of a pooper of your sex  entering 
the bathroom. 
TURD BURGLAR 
Definition: A pooper who  does not realize that you are in the stall and 
tries  to force the door open. This is one of the most shocking and 
vulnerable moments that occur when taking a dump at work. If  this 
occurs, remain in the stall until the TURD  BURGLAR leaves. This way you 
will avoid all  uncomfortable eye contact. 
CAMO-COUGH 
Definition: A phony cough  which alerts all new entrants into the 
bathroom that  you are in a stall. This can be used to cover-up a 
WATERMELON or to alert potential TURD BURGLARS. Very effective when  used 
in 
conjunction with  an ASTAIRE. 
ASTAIRE 
Definition: A subtle toe-tap  that is used to alert potential TURD 
BURGLARS that you  are occupying a stall. This will remove all doubt that 
the stall is occupied. If you hear an ASTAIRE, leave the  bathroom 
immediately so the pooper can poop in  peace. 
WATERMELON 
Definition: A turd that  creates a loud splash when hitting the toilet 
water.  This is also an embarrassing incident. If you feel a WATERMELON  
coming on, create a diversion. See CAMO-COUGH. 
HAVANA OMELET 
Definition: A load of  diarrhea that creates a series of loud splashes 
in the  toilet water. Often accompanied by an escapee. Try using a 
CAMO-COUGH with an ASTAIRE. 
UNCLE TED 
Definition: A bathroom user  who seems to linger around forever. Could 
spend  extended lengths of time in front of the mirror or sitting on the  
pot. An UNCLE TED makes it difficult to relax while on the  crapper, as 
you 
should  always wait to drop your load when the bathroom is empty.This 
benefits you as well as the other bathroom attendees. 
FLY BY 
Definition: The act of scouting  out a bathroom before pooping. Walk in, 
check for  other poopers. If there are others in the bathroom, leave and 
come back again. Be careful not to become a FREQUENT FLYER.   People may 
become suspicious if they catch you  constantly going into the bathroom. 
CRACK WHORE 
Definition: A crapper that  has seen more ass than a Greyhound Bus. 
Tell tale  signs of a CRACK WHORE include hairs, stains and streaks. 
Avoid CRACK WHORES at all cost. Try finding out when the janitor  cleans 
each particular bathroom. Don't forget with a  good cleaning,a CRACK 
WHORE 
can become a SAFE HAVEN 
give me a ring today or tomorrow.  713-853-6203
Mike:
Please send me your resume or call me. I have senior position that I would like to discuss.
,
Craig Jefferies
President
CKB Energy, Inc.
(917) 445 1189
Mike:
Please send me your resume or call me. I have senior position that I would like to discuss.
,
Craig Jefferies
President
CKB Energy, Inc.
(917) 445 1189
Doug we have another deal at the Houstonian today.... could you take care of this again.
thks
MC
I have a UBS orientation meeting this morning.  So if you could make sure the wire is completed, it would help me out.  Also, send the wire confirmation email to :  melissa.beckett@entergykoch.com
Her Ph # is 713-544-5618(Please call to confirm she got it)
Thanks
MC
I know things have been crazy, and you have had alot on your mind.  I just
wanted you to know Steph and I have thought alot about Heather and yourself,
and if there is anything we can do please let on know.  You know I am always
happy to help.  Hang in there, and when you get a chance give me a shout.
Take care.
DG
(W)713-544-5447
(H)713-783-8626
Mike, here is the copy of the invitation. Sure hope you can come. Meredith
Rall is having a tough time with their first pregnancy. If Heather would,
Meredith could use a call, especially from someone who has been there.
Charles
Charles E. Ruehl
St. Paul's United Methodist Church
Minister of Finance and Administration
Houston, TX
713-528-0527
 Brian Long has invited you to "First Thursday's Christmas Party".