Please, take a look at his results. Another model for CA PX.
Vince
Joel Brown  Vince,
Thanks for taking the time to look at these initial results.  They are
based on the Cal PX volumes and unconstrained market clearing price
(UMCP).  Any commercial application would involve Cal ISO loads and
zonal prices, a relatively straight-forward extension of the work.
Currently I'm working on modifying the deterministic portion of the
power price to account for the sharp increase in oil and gas prices
since last year.  I'll let you know if I make any headway in that
effort.
I'd appreciate any feedback you might have regarding these results.
Thanks Again,
Joel Brown
EnergyRisk, llc
- SimResults.xls
Sheridan Titman  Hi Vince:
I haven't talked to you in a while and wanted to touch base with you on a
couple of issues.
1. Is there someone at Enron who would be interested in speaking to our
MBAs about real options? Jim Dyer from our management science group is
interested in having someone for his decision analysis class this spring.
Also, I am thinking about having a panel discussion in the Fall on
valuation issues.
2. I recently received a phone call from the editor of the Journal of
Applied Corporate Finance, which is a practioner journal sponsored by the
Bank of America and Stern Stewart which is distributed to academics and
major corporations.  They are doing a special issue on Energy and are
interested in an article on how energy derivatives are used for risk
management.  Are you aware of anyone from Enron who has written such an
article?
3. Last fall when you visited us at UT we discussed the possibility of
giving lectures to Enron employees on valuation.  Ehud and I sent you a
proposal but didn't get a response.  Is there still an interest in this.
4. Murray Carlson and I are developing a general equilibrium model that we
think is potentially useful for valuing oil and gas derivatives as well as
real investments.  If you think this approach might be potentially useful
for Enron, we would be interested in presenting our model to your research
group.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
,
Sheridan
Sheridan Titman
Department of Finance
College of Business Administration
University of Texas
Austin, Texas 78712-1179
512-232-2787 (phone)
512-471-5073 (fax)
titman@mail.utexas.edu
Stinson,
Yes, makes perfect sense. Brad can start the process.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
03/10/2000 02:15 PM
Vince:
Now that Paulo is a manager, I think we can start the process for trying to 
get him a permanent resident status.
Should I contact Brad McSherry about this?
--Stinson
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/13/2000 12:08 PM
Vince:
Kevin Moore and Jose Marquez would like to take a course entitled
"Wellhead to Burnertip" which is scheduled monthly.  The first course 
available would be May 18th and the cost would be $600.00 each.
Is this ok?
Thanks!
Pam,
We don't think Wendi has skills required for this job.
Vince
Please complete the attached form and also let me know if you have an 
interest in proceeding with Wendi.
Thanks!
Pam
Tom,
I am forwarding to you a copy of the message from Nick Bambos. I shall try to 
catch you 
for a few minutes today (Monday) to close the loop on this effort.
Vince
Nick Bambos  Hello Vince,
It was nice seeing you at Stanford and many thanks for the lunch
we had together. I really enjoyed our discussions, both at the
technical level and otherwise.
I promised to send you an e-mail regarding possible dates for
a visit to Enron. I delayed it for a week till my schedule was
clearer. Let's see if we can get a match with your schedule -
mine is rather terrible:
Friday, 21st of April looks good. But April 23rd is Easter
Sunday, so that may make it difficult for some people at Enron
to be around. Let me know if that is the case. I am willing to
visit then, because the week after that I am scheduled to be in
Japan and in the previous weeks I am all committed on Fridays.
Friday, 19th of May is the next possibility, but this probably
is too far out. The main problem is that I am operating within
a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this
research. This window closes by the end of April, and it would be
important for the student support funds to be in place then, so
that I can make hard commitments to students and attract top
talent. I am already reviewing files of students who have
approached me for PhD advising, and I am in a mode of doing "soft
commitments to star-level students" to get this research and its
potential on their radar screen. Top students are highly sought
after by advisors and I want to be an early player in this
competition.
Does my visit to Enron have to happen before we can set up the
project and student support at Stanford? If so, doing it before the
end of April is important for getting top people. If the visit can
happen after we get the ball rolling, then we can schedule it in May.
I assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets
going. Please let me know what you think.
,
Nick
Shirley,
Please, register me.
Vince
Public Relations@
03/10/2000 07:33 PM
* * * * *    Information Break 
Do you recognize the techniques people use to elicit trade secrets and other 
business information from Enron?
Learn to combat industrial and economic espionage.
Speaker:
John Nolan
Founder of Phoenix Consulting Group, 
a Business Intelligence solutions firm
John spent 22 years in intelligence collection and counterintelligence 
special operations
in the United States, Asia and Europe.  Today, he is recognized in the 
mainstream business community
and featured in media such as Forbes, George and CNN.
When:  Friday, March 17, 2000, 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.  Where:  EB5C2
To make a reservation, call 3-1941 and select option 1.
(Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own.)
Lenos Trigeorgis  This is a last-minute reminder send us all of the following (to be included
in the conference package for the participants):
a. Copy of the transparencies/slides for your talk
b. A one paragraph (10-15 line) bio description
c. A one paragraph (10 line) abstract and 4 one-liner bullet points
There are still missing items in your case. As tomorrow is our last day
before travelling over the Atlantic, and the material still needs to be
organized and sent to a copier to make 100 copies in time, we ask that you
send us the missing items by tomorrow latest.
We appreciate your collaboration in preparing a professional conference for
our corporate colleagues.
Lenos
PS If for any reason you have to send us something after Friday, please cc to
amicaliz@sda.uni-bocconi.it
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Vince,
Dziekuje bardzo za artykul.
Troche sie go wystraszylam dzis rano, gdyz nie slyszalam, zeby Aiesec mial
jakis back up plan Przepraszam za moja gwaltowna reakcje.
Tymczasem zycie toczy sie dalej.
Zalaczam moje resume, postaram sie poprawic jego forme na poniedzialek niestety tresci juz nie poprawie, wiec mozesz poczytac... ha, ha
Rozumiem, ze czas najwyzszy poszukac "rozsadnej" posady 
pozdrawiam,
Patrycja
- resume.doc
John,
Here are the addresses:
mark.palmer@
gene.humphrey@
Vince
Vince:
Do you have email addresses for Gene and Mark Palmer?
I look forward to seeing you next week.
,
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/10/2000 07:25 AM
Vince:
I just found out that it is Friday, April 7 and not Friday, March 31st 
that I want to take for vacation.  Is this alright?
Thanks!
Shirley
Vince J Kaminski
03/08/2000 06:18 PM
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
03/08/2000 03:56 PM
Vince:
I would like to take the following days as vacation:
Wednesday, March 15th
Friday, March 31st.
Please let me know if this is ok with you.
Thanks!
Shirley
VKaminski@aol.com on 03/01/2000 07:37:32 PM
2000 00:39:04 -0500
Exactis.com, Inc. 2000) with stdio id INFOBEAAAAAA13531; Tue, 29 Feb 2000 
22:34:58 MST
We thought you might like to know about two new attractions at
www.economist.com : The Economist Mobile Edition, and our survey
of E-commerce, "Shopping around the web". Both are free.
MOBILE EDITION
In partnership with the AvantGo network, The Economist Mobile
Edition is now available for Palm Computing and Windows CE users,
letting you catch up with the latest from The Economist while
you're on the move. Using AvantGo's free software you can download
The Economist's editorials along with authoritative summaries of the
week's main events in politics and business when you synchronise
your handheld computer.
Subscribe now - it's free
1. Go to AvantGo.com  
to download the software. (If you already have AvantGo software
installed, go to step 2 below.) The process should take only a few
minutes. AvantGo provides software for your handheld computer,
and a small Windows utility to manage the channels you subscribe
to, which is installed on your computer during the sign-up process.
2. Subscribe to The Economist Mobile Edition channel
to get content
designed for your palmtop.
If you are not sure whether you can access The Economist Mobile
Edition, click here  
or the AvantGo.com system-requirements page.
Require any further assistance? You can view the AvantGo help
section here 
SHOPPING AROUND THE WEB
Electronic commerce is still so young that teething troubles were
only to be expected. But just watch it grow, argues our survey:
Where e-commerce wins hands down, and where it doesn't:
There may be room online for established firms and for virtual newcomers.
But which ones?
Amazon's amazing ambition:
Can the web merchants deliver the goods?
Everything has its price. The web can help you find out what it is:
Before e-commerce can go global, it needs to overcome a few tiresome
obstacles:
Retailers must change---or bite the dust:
When you registered with The Economist website, you indicated an
interest in receiving email regarding updates to the site. If this is no
longer the case, or if you wish to amend your registration details
including changing your email address or signing up for our weekly
text or HTML newsletters, please click here:
Celeste,
I was under the impression I sent you a message regarding Brad Romine but
I cannot find a copy in my msg folder. There might have been a glitch in the 
CC-mail
and the message did not go through and wasn't  stored.
I wanted to make the following points:
1. Brad will not show up on March 15. He is still working on his dot-com 
business and wants to
pursue this opportunity.
2. My recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand. Either Brad 
or a stipend
refund check should show up on March 15.
3. I told Brad that  a failure to show up on March 15 will not imperil his 
future employment opportunities
with Enron. We just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource 
needs. If he decides to re-apply
at some point in the future, we shall not hold his  decision  to pursue him 
entrepreneurial plans against him.
Please, let me  know what you think.
Vince
Lenos Trigeorgis  Please find attached the final program for an exciting conference on "REAL
OPTIONS VALUATION IN THE NEW ECONOMY: Internet/E-commerce,
R&D/Pharmaceuticals, Energy." The conference, organised in New York City
March 13-15 by the Real Options Group and co-sponsored by Ernst & Young
LLP, is addressed to a corporate audience.
The chairman of the conference is Prof. Michael J. Brennan of UCLA who will
deliver the opening address, and the keynote speaker is Prof. Stewart C.
Myers of MIT.  Many of the world/s thought leaders in real options
analysis, along with prominent experts from many leading corporations will
also share their ideas and experiences.
Please note that the deadline for hotel registration is February 21 (see
the attached brochure for hotel details) and conference fees increase by
20% for those registering after March 1. The (full) conference brochure and
on-line conference registration are available at our website www.rogroup.com
We hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you
could also communicate this announcement among other interested colleagues.
In fact, it would be most helpful to us and would be greatly appreciated, if
you could send me (also cc. to amicaliz@sda.uni-bocconi.it) a list of 5-10
colleagues to whom we can send the electronic version of the brochure.
Best wishes,
Lenos Trigeorgis
President, Real Options Group
- ROGNYConference.pdf
Lenos Trigeorgis
Professor of Finance
University of Cyprus
Dept of Business
75 Kallipoleos, PO Box 20537
CY 1678 Nicosia CYPRUS
Tel: +357 2 892261
Fax:        339063
Ravi,
The proposed dates work for me.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
03/09/2000 02:22 PM
Vince,
I will not be able to attend on this weekend (April 15), but I think the main 
point is for John's guys to meet the rest of our group.   Most of them know 
me already.
--Stinson
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/06/2000 04:29:34 PM
Hi John, as per our discussion and e-mails, I am suggesting the following 
dates for the subject offsite:  April 14 & 15 th (Friday & Sat).  Place and 
agenda to follow once this date is nailed up.   The heads of each group will 
decide who will attend.  We would also invite Kevin Hannon, Scott Yeager, Tom 
Gros, Ted Seitz and Jean Mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by 
the Technical folks.
As before, the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups 
within Enron and to exchange ideas and issues.  The Enron research team will 
provide trading and modeling presentations and the Optical Network 
Engineering team will present networking and components related topics.
Take away from the two days will be to provide John Griebling's group with 
better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general 
and energy markets in particular via Enron (i.e.,  how the sausage was 
made!).  Likewise, John's group will provide us with better understanding of 
optical networking from a technical perspective.  Particularily, how EBS is 
planning to develop the Puplic Switched Optical Network (PSON) that John has 
'branded' our pooling point based network!
Please reply ASAP if these two days (April 14 & 15) will work.  Additionally, 
John, is the original suggestion to hold it in Scott Yeager's cabin somewhere 
up in Colorado mts. still holds?  If yes, I should probably let Scott know If not, I'll try to find other places--any suggestions, anyone? 
,
Ravi.
Ravi,
It's fine with me. I think the expense is justified (as it's equal to the 
cost of the alternative).
Vince
Ravi Thuraisingham@MUNICATIONS on 03/09/2000 12:44:01 PM
FYI, I may have to stay over weekend. Vince, if that is the case, I may have 
to bring my wife or allow her to go to her sister for a week etc.  I may ask 
John to cover some of that cost as (I think) he is done with other people. 
I've seen other guys family members showup. This cost would equal what EBS 
would have spend to send me home and bring me back again, etc.
Ravi.
Jeanette Busse
03/09/00 10:16 AM
Team,
All meetings with Hamachi during March 14-17 are located at the Hamachi 
campus. 
NEGOTIATIONS
-- The Negotiation Meeting room is 21-10.  This is in Building 2000 (main
building with circular drive), the conference room is on the ground floor,
right hand side.
-- All morning drinks, lunches and afternoon refreshments are scheduled (20
people)
-- The schedule is as follows: 
Tue   3/14   1:00pm - until both parties agree to end.
Wed  3/15    9:00am - until both parties agree to end.
Thu   3/16   9:00am - until both parties agree to end.
Fri   3/17   9:00am - 3:00pm
The Negotiation Team includes:
John Griebling
Steve Elliott
Stewart Seeligson
Tom Huntington
Kenton Erwin
BREAKOUT MEETINGS
The following rooms reserved for full days, Tuesday through Friday in 
Building 3000.
34A-302
34A-702
34A-703
34A-705
-- Coffee, lunch and afternoon drinks for 25 people, starting Tuesday @ 1pm
is also scheduled for delivery in 34A-302 as well.
The Breakout Team Participants include:
Laura Beneville
Jeanette Busse
Kenny Burroughs
Jim Irvine
Rebecca Lynch
Dayne Relihan
Scott Smith
Ravi Thuraisingham
Rob Kolosvary
Kelly Williams
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Jeanette
Stinson Gibner
03/09/2000 01:13 PM
Here is this prof's home page at Rice.  His name is Richard Baraniuk.
--Stinson
Celeste,
We shall match the tuition cost. We are very anxious to have Gappy here at 
Enron
supporting EBS. 
Vince
Celeste Roberts
03/08/2000 06:49 PM
Would you be willing to pay for this?  Since he is a Ph.D. and specifically 
for your group, this should be your call.  Let me know if your business unit 
agree to pick up this additional cost.
Celeste
Giuseppe Andrea Paleologo  03:23:24 PM
Please respond to gappy@stanford.edu
Sent by: gappy@Stanford.EDU
Ms. Roberts, thanks for the quick reply! I received the offer on Thursday, 
and I
am very excited about joining Enron this summer. My research group is
establishing a long term collaboration with Dr. Kaminski and Dr. Gibner, and I
hope to help foster this relationship this summer.
I would just like to discuss one issue that is very specific to my status of
international student. As an international student, I am required to enroll 
part
time at Stanford University during the summer quarter in order to be 
considered
eligible for a summer internship ("optional practical training"). The cost of
the part-time tuition will be approx. $2300 for this academic year. The past
summer, my employer (AT&T) matched this tuition cost in an effort not to
discriminate between international and domestic Ph.D. students. The offers for
summer employment I received this year have also been very flexible in this
respect. I would like to know if Enron could do the same; it would be of 
course
very much appreciated (given the notoriously precarious financial condition of
Ph.D. students). Yet, to make things clear, please rest assured that my
acceptance of your offer is not conditioned on your reply regarding this 
issue,
and that I intend to be at Enron this summer.
All the best,
Giuseppe
--
::Giuseppe A Paleologo 
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: MIKE JUDE and NANCY MEACHIM
on APPLICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS
Today's focus: What=01,s holding back ASP adoption?
03/08/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Today's focus: What=01,s holding back ASP=20
adoption?
The application service provider (ASP) market has been growing by leaps
and bounds.  What used to be a nascent market has expanded from
addressing niche enterprise needs to providing significant IT support
for many Fortune 500 companies.
However, there are still significant impediments to wide acceptance of
applications outsourcing.  Two major deterrents have to do with older
business concerns.
One significant problem that has been addressed only tangentially by
ASPs is the fact that corporate IT departments are, more often that not,
dependent on less than cutting edge technologies.  Many established
companies have, over the years, made significant investments in legacy
technologies.  The fury over Y2K attests to the high number of mainframe
computers still using first-generation code.  Such organizations may
have added a great deal of newer technology, but concerns over the older
applications may be preventing them from taking advantage of application
hosting.  Even if there were an ASP willing to address the entire
solution, including legacy systems, doubt about the viability of handing
off archaic yet mission-essential systems may prevent an enterprise from
handing over support of these applications.  While the ASP may offer a
more cost-effective solution, the fear is that it may not be able to
offer the depth of experience necessary to work with older technology.
Security is the second dynamic that tends to retard ASP acceptance.
Although most ASPs are able to maintain the proper level of security
necessary for critical information, many IT departments find the idea of
putting that information in the hands of a third party too daunting.
There are some businesses with huge IT investments that absolutely
cannot take chances with information leakage.  Local telephone service
providers, because of their Federal Communication Commission regulators,
come to mind.
A simple pitch of cost avoidance or cost reduction is rarely sufficient
to sway IT mangers in such organizations.  They are thinking about the
care and feeding of cranky old mainframes that run a million lines of
COBOL and manage highly proprietary customer information.  Only when
ASPs are willing to spend the time to understand the needs of such a
complex IT environment will they truly be able to introduce services
fully capable of addressing all the security and legacy issues involved.
Until such an enlightened ASP comes along, there are still several ways
to start moving to outsourcing for IT managers coping with a legacy or
highly sensitive environment.  First, consider whether a full
outsourcing solution is the only option.  It may be that there=01,s a
subset of the IT architecture that is appropriate for an ASP to take on.
It may also be possible to find an ASP to partner with and gradually
migrate support of legacy systems as the ASP learns the systems and
their requirements.
One thing is certain: legacy systems are not going away anytime soon.
It=01,s also just as certain that application service provision is the way
of the future.  ASPs let enterprises offload an expensive and time-
consuming technical function.
As the ASP market matures, this column will examine issues such as these
from both the user and the vendor perspectives.  To ensure we address
the topics you are interested in, we invite your comments and questions.
Please contact us at the e-mail addresses listed below.
To contact Mike Jude and Nancy Meachim:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
The ASPs' Impact on the IT Industry, International Data Corporation
A report offering definitions, identifying trends and issues, and
highlighting the implications for software and hardware vendors,
services firms, communications companies, and channels partners.
ASP Industry Portal
Contains ASP providers database, ASP-enabled software database, ASP
industry news
ASP News Review
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Ludkam@aol.com on 03/09/2000 12:09:17 AM
2000 17:04:17 1900
Wed, 8 Mar 2000 22:04:15 +0000
a to zarciki od mojego dziecka
m
Piotr Krawczyk wrote:
Jinbaek Kim  Thanks Dr.Kaminski,
I forgot that I'll understand it as
I may identify work that I think will be
beneficial to both of us.
Actually,
I have more ideas on the work, beyond the suggestion.
I'll work on it and send it in more formal way again.
(I mean, work list, schedule, deliverables etc)
I'll take steps to get work permit for those two months.
And please tell me know what you can support
and what I should start to do to find a place to stay,
rent a car etc.
Warm Jinbaek
ps. and thanks for forwarding the message.
Go Bears!
:"'._..---.._      :      a   a      :                 __....._
:     _.-0-._           : `._`-'_           __    .'      __.'      .'`--..__      _._   
On Thu, 22 Mar 2001 Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: