I've requested a prepayment for Wed in the amount of $42,000.00 due the rise in cash prices.  I've also added a new and exciting "Summary" tab to the worksheet.  That shows when the wires are made and my summary purchases for the month.  One thing I don't have access to is any information that identifies the wire 
Jim, Pete, Shawn, let me know if you have anything you would like me to add to this worksheet and go ahead and hit Jim up for a free lunch.  That's what I plan to do.
Moved the prepay to Wednesday.  The amount is $42,000.00 due to the spike in pirces.
Per my discussion with Sherry Glazebrook at Tennessee, she wasn't real specific since I don't have an EES ID on Tennessee but this is what I found out.
CONTRACTS
Balancing Agreement K# 31905 (OBAD)  This is a balancing agreement for Bethlehem on the 200 leg in Zone 5, probably meter #20816.  This balancing agreement should have been cashed out every month.  She wouldn't tell me the current balance.  ENA had a term sale to EES (sitara #1003036).  The volume was 1,200 dth per day in Tenn Zone 5 and the name of the point was Bethlehem Sales.  The term of the sale matches the term of the capacity release from Boston Gas.
Firm Gas Storage Service K# 38454 (FS-MA Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & Gas Company
Gas Transportation Agreement K# 38535 (FT-A Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & Gas Company
Gas Transportation Agreement K# 38539 (FT-A Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & GAs Company   All 3 capacity releases from NYSEG are non-recallable.  In my opinion, this capacity should be the property of the customers EES was serving behind the NYSEG city gate and the capacity should go with the customers.  But, I believe we need to address the LDC tariff issues along with the pipeline issues.
Gas Transportation Agreement K#27848 (IT Supply Aggregation Servic e Agreement K# 80265 (SA)
Of all the items shown above, I am more concerned with the Balancing Agreement k#31905.  We need to know what has happened to the sales customers EES had at this point.  I believe it was just one customer.  How is this customer currently getting its gas?  If Enron is still the operator of the balancing agreement at this point, does it "appear" that Enron is still using this agreement?
Tennessee Gas Pipeline has made a global Enron bankruptcy filing.  We have checked the information that EES provided earlier to Maria and there was no retail contracts on Tennessee Gas Pipeline shown.  Tennessee shows the following six active contracts with Enron Energy Services, Inc.  Please provide some additional clarification including the following information so that Enron can decide how to best respond to the filing.
CONTRACTS
Balancing Agreement K# 31905 (OBAD)
Firm Gas Storage Service K# 38454 (FS-MA Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & Gas Company
Gas Transportation Agreement K# 38535 (FT-A Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & Gas Company
Gas Transportation Agreement K# 38539 (FT-A Assign) -- Assignment from New York State Electric & GAs Company
Gas Transportation Agreement K#27848 (IT)
Supply Aggregation Servic [Germany, Chris]   e Agreement K# 80265 (SA)
INFORMATION REQUIRED
Is the contract active or how/when did EES dispose of it?
Did EES nominate under the agreements since November 30, 2001?  If so, provide nomination by day.
Does EES need to retain the contract?
How much pre-petition and post-petition claims are due to Tennessee?
Are there any contract imbalances remaining that need resolution?
For transport assignments, can contract be re-released back to NYSEG?
Can EES provide a copy of the contract, capacity posting and back-up information for the bankruptcy files?
As always, there is a short turnaround time to complete Enron's response to the filing.
Please respond by Monday, March 4th.
Thanks,
Ruth Concannon
x31667
Please take away my access.  And I believe the following people are no longer with Enron, Martin Cuilla, Brad McKay, Denver Plachy, Sylvia Pollan, and Kevin Ruscitti.
Thanks
All -
You are receiving this email because you are listed as a current CQG user. The Market Data group is in the process of re-negotiating our existing contract. The approximate ongoing cost for your workstation will be $545.00 per month excluding taxes, exchange fees, and circuit costs. Our monthly cost for circuits is approximately $1600.00 and will be divided among all remaining users.
Please respond to this email with your company number and RC indicating your ongoing acceptance prior to March 11.
Thank you
Paula Corey
Sr. Contracts Manager
Please take away my access.  And I believe the following people are no longer with Enron, Martin Cuilla, Brad McKay, Denver Plachy, Sylvia Pollan, and Kevin Ruscitti.
Thanks
All -
You are receiving this email because you are listed as a current CQG user. The Market Data group is in the process of re-negotiating our existing contract. The approximate ongoing cost for your workstation will be $545.00 per month excluding taxes, exchange fees, and circuit costs. Our monthly cost for circuits is approximately $1600.00 and will be divided among all remaining users.
Please respond to this email with your company number and RC indicating your ongoing acceptance prior to March 11.
Thank you
Paula Corey
Sr. Contracts Manager
FT Demand from SL to Z4	$.3522
FT Commodity from SL to Z4	$.0296
Fuel from SL to Z4		3.03% Winter     3.35% Summer
Good news.  Williams still has the "Fitness Specialist" position open.  I think this job has my name all over it.  What do you think?
Job Title: Fitness Specialist I - TWC
Location: TX-Houston
Job Requisition: 002103
Date Posted: 1/11/02
Duties: 
This job is responsible for providing integrated health and work/life services that enable employees to achieve their personal best in health, work performance and quality of life, which will lead to superior performance results. Coordinates community and company-wide health/wellness activities. Provides individual and group health education and exercise counseling, recommendation and instruction. Create participant communications including newsletters and educational materials. Develop, implement and monitor facility procedures and programs for adherence to national standards. 
Requirements: 
This position requires previous experience in a health services related field, corporate wellness experience is preferred. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written are required, as well as the ability to multi-task and coordinate activities. A bachelor's degree in Health Sciences or related field is required. ACSM certification is preferred. 
I believe our new Tennessee rep is Sherry Glazebrook at 832-676-2635.  If she's no longer there then call Andy Armstrong in the bid room and he will find out who our rep is.  His number is 832-676-5120.  Anyone that answers the phone in the bid room should be able to tell us how our rep is.
Our rep at Iroquois is Robin Zaleski at 203-925-7274.
looks like its working.  Thanks
hi chris, i copied a shortcut onto your desktop to the Iroquois online website ... let me know if it works.
jimmy
thanks, i have a 1:00 deadline today, I'll see if the pipeline can help me out with that.
keep me posted because I will need this once a month until we are invited to leave.
Chris, i too was unable to get to the login screen even after following their website's instructions ... Web Operations is currently looking into this problem.  i will keep u posted.
Jimmy
According to Iroq the problem is on our side.  Please call me first think Monday morning at 3-4743.  Following is the address that I'm starting at.  I go to this address and click on "Customer Activities" and that's when I get the error message.  It should ask me for my ID and password.
I'm at ECS 04425 if you decide to come by my desk.  I'm out for the rest of the day.
Thanks
Hi Chris, are you still having problems with a Citrix Client application?  Lemme know and i will stop by.
Jimmy Manguba
Enron Desktop Support
Robin is at home.  She tried to call you this morning and I suggested that I just send you an email of some of the items she wanted to discuss and you could call her when you have time.
Melissa, Daniel, didn't know if you had her number on file.  Her number is 713-721-0709.
GELP - Gordonsville Energy, L.P. (deal 599653)
CALP - Commonwealth Atlantic Limited Partnership  (deal 599646)
In connection with Deloitte & Touche's annual audit of MGAG, Deloitte & Touche is trying to confirm what MGAG has billed ENA for the year ending December 31, 2001.  I would normally send this request directly to settlements.  However, it is my understanding that all request should be coordinated through you due to our circumstance 
If I don't hear from you by 2:30 PM this afternoon, I will send you the 13 page fax I received from Deloitte & Touche and I will give them your name and number as the contact person to comply with their requests.
Thanks
Chris L. Germany
Manager, Gas Trading
Phone 713-853-4743
Fax  713-646-3037
Steve is working with the admins to see who needs what, CQG, Reuters,..... things like that.
Hi everybody. It's Steve Cooper. It's Friday afternoon, March 1. I hope everybody has had a great week. I want to update everybody on a number of things that have gone on this week, so that you all will be fully in the loop. 
The week started in a rough-and-tumble fashion. I went to a town meeting Monday night to meet with a number of our ex-colleagues. Their disappointment, upset and anger is very understandable. I, along with the entire management team, have committed that we are going to try to do whatever we can to fashion a reasonable resolution to their various issues. 
In order to make sure that those that are truly in need have something to fall back on, we asked the court later in the week and got the judge to approve an emergency $5 million fund. We are now going to fish around for an independent administrator to evaluate the needs and disperse those dollars to former employees. I wanted you to be aware of that. I really do appreciate and understand everybody's upset. 
Last Friday, February 22, we presented to the Creditors' Committee a formal proposal on a retention and severance program. As can be expected, there was some push back from the committee -- there were issues about some of the data, there were requests for additional data and further clarification. 
The Creditors' Committee formed a subcommittee. We provided to them more data. Jeff McMahon and I met with them on Wednesday, February 27, and we met with them again on Thursday, February 28. We are scheduled to meet with them again on Monday and Tuesday to resolve all the open issues and to get the full support and endorsement of the Creditors' Committee on this program. 
I have indicated to the subcommittee that getting a plan in place is Jeff's and my highest priority. It is not right or fair for anyone to be in a state of ongoing uncertainty about their future, their future compensation, and any financial safety net, so we are going to have to move on this at light speed. I told the creditors' subcommittee and asked that they tell the full committee that we want to be in a position by the week of March 11 to motion this up to the court. I'll keep you posted on progress. I am comfortable that the committee wants to put in place the retention and severance program and now we are just working out the bugs. Hopefully, by the time we have the employee meeting, we can walk through the composition of the program in detail. 
The powers that be - management in conjunction with the human resources group - are working on merit increases and promotions. Hopefully all the details of a program will be finalized next week. Then, the process is typically that business unit managers begin to calculate salary increases. And it works its way through the review, approval and communication process. So hopefully, we'll have that all resolved in the next week or two and everyone will know where they stand with respect to promotions and merit increases. 
We reached an accord with the Astros this week to repatriate to Enron $2.1 million for the release of our rights to the naming contract. It is a shame we won't be in a position to support the naming of the field, but it is probably in the best interest of the estate. I got a great suggestion from one of our colleagues about auctioning Enron Field signs and contributing net proceeds to the ex-employees' fund. I'd like your input on that. I thought it was a great idea and very generous. 
We are moving forward with plans for an employee meeting later this month. Hopefully I'll be able to meet many of you there. I've tried to get around to say hello here and there. And again, I would encourage you if you have any questions, concerns or issues just give me an email or a buzz. Sometimes it takes a few days for me to get back to you, but I'm making a very concerted effort to answer everybody's inquiries. 
Other than that I don't have a lot to report. We'll continue to hammer out with the committee the retention program. Hopefully by next Friday I'll be able to report very substantial progress in this area. I want to thank everybody for their efforts, all their hard work and their focus on moving things forward. 
One other thing We did have a bank meeting on Thursday afternoon. We have described to the banks what we believe is a very reorganizable entity here. We'll be sharing more about that at the employee meeting. I told the bank group, and it was echoed by management, that we believe there is a reorganizable, viable entity in Enron's future. I'll bring you all fully up to speed on that at the employee meeting. 
Anyway, as I was saying Thanks so much for all your hard work, your efforts, your dedication. I hope you have a great weekend. I'll chat with next week. 
Cash prices have jumped over $.20 since Friday.  I may need to make my prepayment on Wednesday for Reliant and I've bumped up the amout to $42,000 for this week.  I will have a much better idea by 9:00 tomorrow of course.
I am micro-managing this deal and I don't want it to catch you by surprise.  If you look at my schedule for March, you will see that it is possible for ENA to have a negative cash balance with Reliant before I make the Thursday prepay based on the daily spike in prices.  I get the estimated prices from Jim.  Do you want me to make a prepayment on Wednesday or are you comfortable with the regular Thursday prepayment?  I need to know by tomorrow morning.  I have to request prepayments the day before the wire goes out.
Thanks
The tariff sheets do not line up on the page so well, I did a cut and paste.  You should see the following sheets
No		Comment		File
28B		PAL Rates		CGAS_PAL_rates.doc
227-229		Rate schedule		CGAS_PAL_Tariff.doc
could you please send us the PAL tariff sheet for columbia?  thanks
Mark C. Ellenberg
Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft
1201 F Street, NW
Washington, DC  20004
202.862.2234
"Germany,
I'm not aware of an AP rate schedule.  AS (tariff sheet #205) and IPP
(tariff sheet #215) are separate rate schedules in the tariff.  AS pools
are used to aggregate production meters on CGAS's system and are assigned a
specific geographical location on the pipeline.  AS pool meters can be used
as primary receipt points on firm transportation agreements whereas IPP
Pool meters are not.
   > NOTE:  The information in this email is confidential and may be legally
privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use
or disseminate the information.  Although this email and any attachments
are believed to be free of any virus or other defect
 that might affect any computer system into which it is received and
opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is
virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
 & Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.