- Sample letter of recommendation.doc
John/Dave,
Frank and I would like to recommend assigning Phil Demoes outside of our new 
group as part of the upcoming reorganization.
Please let us know if you would like to discuss further and how we should 
proceed Frank W Vickers
10/23/2000 09:56 AM
Scott, hope all is well.  I will get to the point.  What are your suggestions 
on the individuals that we have been assigned ?  I need to rely on you for 
any input that might suggest that we not take someone on.  I understand that 
Dave wants any personel changes as soon as possible.  What do you think ?  We 
do not want to begin with HR problems if we can avoid it upfront.
Please e-mail or call at 503-464-3940.
Frank
i think gil muhl wants to meet with us on Monday at 4pm to discuss PSEG.  he  
will let us know monday morning.
please print the attached letter on my letterhead.  thank you.
Suggestions for offsite:
1)  Non Enron speakers/presenters
2)  Cabo San Lucas, The Biltmore in Coral Gables,FL, The Broadmoor in 
Colorado Springs
Hello everyone.
In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late 
June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to 
go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success. 
I would like suggestions as to:
1)  Where to go.
2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.
3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. 
climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain. 
4)  And any other ideas you have.
In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your 
schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, 
Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference 
John
Haven't forgot about you yet.  I will have the information for you this 
week.  Thank you for your persistence and 
patience.
Sincerely,
Scott
Scott-
Hey there, this is Chris Graeter.  I wanted to check with you to see about
getting in touch with the person in charge of internships.  I am sure he or
she is busy, but in the mean time I was not sure if you or the person who
would be contacting me had my email address.  It is cgraeter@tamu.edu.  I
know that sometimes it is easier to get in touch with someone by email so I
wanted to make sure you had this information.  Thank you again for all your
assistance.  I hope to talk to you soon.
Sincerely,
Chris Graeter
Any ideas on who to talk to regarding a possible summer internship?
Scott
Scott-
Hey there, this is Chris Graeter.  I wanted to check with you to see about
getting in touch with the person in charge of internships.  I am sure he or
she is busy, but in the mean time I was not sure if you or the person who
would be contacting me had my email address.  It is cgraeter@tamu.edu.  I
know that sometimes it is easier to get in touch with someone by email so I
wanted to make sure you had this information.  Thank you again for all your
assistance.  I hope to talk to you soon.
Sincerely,
Chris Graeter
We will get working on this.
I have no problem with you sitting in on the PRC process.  We are scheduled 
to have this meeting on Nov. 29, however I think there is some chance this 
date might change due to bid week activities.
Frank W Vickers
11/12/2000 02:16 PM
Scott, great to see you last week even if it was only for a short period.  I 
hear that the Org announcement is scheduled for Tuesday November 14th at 
3:00.  Have you heard the same ?  I will be back in Houston early next week 
for the announcement.  I suggest that you and I plan to meet with the group 
either immediately after the announcement or perhaps after trading the 
following day.  I tend to think that the next day may be better.
In addition, as we discussed I would like to get one of the 
analysts/associates working on pulling the following information together.
List of our states.  maybe there is some overlap with the mid-west but as you 
know this new organization will have everyone focused and we do not want any 
confusion.
Master list of ALL gas users within those states.  If there are any LDC's 
etc. that cross state boundaries or cross regional boundaries we will need to 
know that and make sure Enron coverage is appropriately assigned.  Delainey 
continues to say that he wants to make sure that everyone is covered and 
nothing falls through the cracks.
From the master list we can determine our current level of business and 
relationship with that particular market, high, medium, low.
From Master list we can determine 2001 assignments.
This is fundamental but important in my opinion.
Another issue that I was thinking about is that it would be helpful for me to 
sit in on this years PRC for all members of our staff.  I will not add 
anything but it will give me a sense of how they are doing and what to expect 
as we move forward.  Do you approve of that ?  When is that scheduled ?
I did not get the metrics from Janet yet but am scheduled to do that when I 
am in next week.  I will get you a copy at that time.
Thanks
Frank
I have prepared  a recommendation letter as  you have requested.  It is my 
pleasure to do so.  Please advise as to when to send, etc.  I am available to 
visit on the phone any time after 2:3opm any day this week.  However, I will 
be out of the office on Thursday and Friday Nov. 16-17.
Scott:
I hope that all is well.  India is still going strong with additional 
involvement in commodity trading (electricity, fuels...etc 
Please advice of the best time to phone you this week to seek your help in 
reference to compiling letters of recommendation for the Green Card 
application.  The application, supported by Enron, will be under the "Alien 
of Extraordinary Ability" Category.   I am sure that your recommendation will 
go a very long way and I am hopeful that you will agree to help 
I am enclosing the email I received from the lawyer and the sample letter 
suggested. I am trying to highlight--where the lawyer indicated--the attempts 
to safeguard and promote US investment in Argentina,  the rapport I had with 
the various echelons of authority in that country, and shed light on 
character and ability.  Please feel free to add/delete as you see fit and 
advice of any comments and/or suggestions 
Needless to say, and regardless of outcome, I really appreciate your help and 
advice 
AI
713-839-3037
 _______________
 Tindall & Foster, P.C.
 Email Message from Tamara D. Bruce