yeah, i got it.  thank you.
I  can go but I was waiting to hear from Shanna to see if she can go
I will let you know
love,
e
Hi Boys,
?
Your father and I have decided to tell you what  your Christmas present is 
early.? We will provide to each of you roundtrip  airfare, lodging, groceries 
at the condo, car and lift tickets for our ski  trip.? We are not certain 
where we will go but have selected the  dates.? We will leave Houston on 
Sat., 12/09 and return Thursday  12/14.? Now, what we need to know as soon as 
possible, i.e., today, so that  we can book the air.? If you will accept our 
Christmas present, accompany  us at this time and whether we should book 
airfare for 4, 5 or 6.? (I need  to know the ages of the girls.)? The airfare 
costs will be $300-$500.?  If I book it for 4 or 5, the tickets need to be 
paid for within 30  days.
?
Merry Christmas.? Let us hear from  you.
?
Love, Mom and Dad
What it the abbreviation for our website?
heard anything?
my parents want to go skiing from 12/09 - 12/14 can you take off time then the package is probably around $700-900/
Let me know
-e
Remember - all pickup requests must now be sent through Pat Ryder at 
pryder@.
alright, no williams
can i interest you in a receiver and say lamar smith for robert smith or ron 
dayne
so basically what you are saying is that had you had the 3rd pick in the 
draft you would have taken r williams
No, I think stephen davis will come back to earth this year and I really 
think ricky will have a big year 
just out of curiousity, would you do stephen davis for ricky williams 
straight up?
I know everyone will think I'm nuts but I want to hold on to Williams and 
Moss 
Stephen Davis, Terry Glenn and Bill Schroeder for Williams, Moss, and Travis 
Taylor?
just out of curiousity, would you do stephen davis for ricky williams 
straight up?
I know everyone will think I'm nuts but I want to hold on to Williams and 
Moss 
Stephen Davis, Terry Glenn and Bill Schroeder for Williams, Moss, and Travis 
Taylor?
did she try your patience?
I got my little review today.  It was a positive experience.  She didn't 
really say anything negative at all- and she even commented that she felt bad 
not giving me any constructive criticism- but that she was really surprised 
at how good of a job I did- with only being a rotator and having such limited 
work experience.  She said that after I finish my third rotation in EES she 
would like for me to consider taking a permanent position in her group.  We 
will talk about it more towards the end of this rotation.
So- I am currently NOT irritated.
Shanna
Stephen Davis, Terry Glenn and Bill Schroeder for Williams, Moss, and Travis 
Taylor?
Dear Sooners -
School is back in full swing. Apart from the heat, everything is going great
in Norman and we are all looking forward to seeing OU play this weekend at
home. Here's something you might have already seen, but wanted to get it out
there anyway. Take care!
 Go to the ESPN web site and vote for College Gameday to be at the OU-Texas
 game this year. Scroll down the page to the box.