Dear Dr. McMullen,
A few weeks ago I received a call from your University
regarding employment opportunities at Enron.
I called back and summarized the  needs of my group (an ideal profile of a
candidate):
1. mathematical finance
2. computer programming (C, C 3. understanding of the energy markets
I shall appreciate any information about potential candidates.
I have also given some other suggestions regarding potential
opportunities for graduates with different profiles.
Please, feel free to call me. My number is 713 853 3848.
Vince Kaminski
Dear Dr. McMullen,
A few weeks ago I received a call from your University
regarding employment opportunities at Enron.
I called back and summarized the  needs of my group (an ideal profile of a 
candidate):
1. mathematical finance
2. computer programming (C, C 3. understanding of the energy markets
I shall appreciate any information about potential candidates.
I have also given some other suggestions regarding potential
opportunities for graduates with different profiles.
Please, feel free to call me. My number is 713 853 3848.
Vince Kaminski
Dear Mr. Ray,
I regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend
the Power Systems Engineering Research Center's
upcoming Industrial Advisory Board meeting in Oak Brook 
Our  work load does not leave us much time to get involved
with PSERC at this moment. We would very much like to stay
in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year.
Vince Kaminski
Mr. Kaminski,
Greetings. Bob Thomas, Shmuel Oren and I invite you to attend the Power
Systems Engineering Research Center's upcoming Industrial Advisory Board
meeting in Oak Brook, IL. It will be held on May 31 - June 1.
As you know from Lance and Alex, this is an opportunity to meet university
researchers and industrial members of PSERC. The meeting also has
presentations on PSERC activities and research projects, PSERC business
discussions, current topic discussions, and a tutorial. Our current topics
discussion will be on ISO/RTO issues, and will involve executives from
several ISOs in dialog with university researchers.
Please let me know if you have any questions. We   there so
that we can talk about any questions you might have about PSERC.
Dennis Ray, Ph.D.
Executive Director
Power Systems Engineering Research Center
608-265-3808
- Directions.doc
- IAB_Meeting_May2001.doc
- IAB_Registration_Form.doc
- PSERC Members.doc
Shmuel,
The date of our trip to Berkeley has been set. It will be October 16th and 
17th
(Monday and Tuesday).
I shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets 
(development of the markets in the US and Europe, valuation difficulties, 
Enron's role
in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity).
Please, let me know if this topic would be of interest to you. If this is the
case, I shall follow with a title and an abstract.
By the way, are you free for dinner on Monday?
Vince
Great. Our seminars are 3:30 to 5PM. If it works for you please send me a
title and abstract.
Shmuel S. Oren, Professor
Dept. of Industrial Engineering
and Operations Research
4117 Etcheverry Hall
University of California
Berkeley, CA 94720-1777
e-mail: oren@ieor.berkeley.edu
phone: (510) 642-1836 or 5484
Fax:      (510) 642-1403