- jen,jamie,tabi and stacey.jpg
1400 smith st.
houston, tx 77002-7361
Stephanie Miller@
01/08/2001 09:40 AM
Here it is 
Julie 
Mike Grigsby
01/09/2001 02:26 PM
Kristian J Lande
01/02/2001 06:15 PM
i have to hold off until vegas.  my liver is sore from this past weekend.  i 
have to go home and nurse it at night 
shooters.
are you going out tonight or something?  i think chad has a good opp in 
austin.  now i have somewhere to stay when i go to austin every other 
weekend.  i did have a good date the other night.  i haven't spoke with her 
since so i don't know if i am going out with her or not tonight.
for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend?  what did you do did you go to central and regulate some punks.  what are you doing this 
weekend?  i am going to vegas.  i haven't been home at all this month except 
for last weekend.  i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a 
wedding 
val is getting married there.  his fiance, celeste, is from there mississippi is so cool.
i got your jacket from bass
means you got a lot of ammo
nevermind
i haven't watched them at all.  every time i try to watch hockey they are not 
on.   i am gonna watch their next series.  who are they gonna play?
i don't remember the bet
are you hurting this morning?  my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 
years or i will be dead.
i feel like a champ today
your past few months have been just as bad.  at least i didn't close uropa 
b/c i was puking in the bathroom.
is your dad ok?  what is hines?  is that a development firm?  i just didn't 
call her last night.  you can't call them the next night.  that looks 
pathetic if you do.  this way she can sit around and think about me for a 
day.  she is a cool chick.  nice, cute sorority chick.  well let me know if 
you go out.
i don't remember half of that night, but i do remember you in the bathroom sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it?
by the way, my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday.
who is better for the avs to play?  what has been going on in denver?
should be 7.20.
i hate notre dame.  tim, i need to get down to your office today.
maybe i will come home the 16th of may.  let me see and i will get back to 
you.
i can't come the last week b/c of work.  that is when prices get set for next 
month gas.  it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of 
it.  when are grandma and grandpa coming?
are you on crutches
i don't understand that last email
if it is real estate development i would like to look into it.  let me know i want to see what type of work it is. 
i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley.  i 
think he heads up the trading track program.  this is the best way to get 
into trading now.  you have to do 3 6mo. rotations in different trading 
support roles.  contact him and he should be able to get you more info.  hope 
that helps you out.
it is so good to finally get one of these state of the unions again.  i don't 
know if i can speak for everyone, but i sure have missed it.    it is just 
good to read all the smart, witty humor again.  i especially thought the part 
about screaming "who let the dogs out" was quite funny.  it makes it 
especially funny b/c the employees play along instead of yelling out "shut up 
nerd".   as most of you know chad and i no longer live together.  it was real 
tough to see him go b/c we are pretty close, but not as close as maziarz and 
i evidently are.  but every now and then i still get reminders that i used to 
live with chad  like the other day when i was vacuming.  i decided to vacum 
behind the couch b/c i had never cleand back there.  when i looked behind the 
couch the floor was littered with about 50 toenails.    at first i was pretty 
freaked out and i was thinking how could these toenails possibly get here but then i remembered i use to live with chad and he had a nasty habit of 
pulling off his toenails.  i should have figured that he didn't dispose of 
them properly.  it is good to see that chad has figured out how to use the 
email system again.  last week enron sent out a company wide email and our 
boy chad replied back to the whole company.  i felt pretty embarrassed for 
him after he sent the first reply, but went he replied to the whole company a 
second time i just thought that he was an idiot.  now he will be known as the 
guy who replied not once but twice to a company wide email.  well, i sure am 
looking foward to the next state of the union.  i know i will since i am 
going to vegas to spend all my money at the strip clubs 
MFL
nope.  we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out, but last 
time i called she didn't call back.  she sounded like she has a situation w/ 
her ex or she just might not like me.  that is hard to belive though.
how was mitch's bday?
i didn't get thrown out of a casino.  i had to leave this bar b/c they over 
charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave.  i 
was pissed, but i didn't get physically removed or anything.  these guys at 
this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed.   i didn't out do my birthday 
either.  we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time.  it wasn't like 
on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could 
did you talk to her recently or something?  i have been out of time a lot 
this month.  i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now.  i had 
fun with her, but i really didn't hear too much from her so i  just took it 
as an indication.
did you get a stripper 
that is nasty
i got a few of them.  i have a rash now in my lap.
you should see the rash
ho w have you been?  i haven't been up to much just going out and stuff.  are 
you going home for the holidays?  i am heading to denver this weekend and 
will be there through next week.  what are you doing over new years?
it isn't oozing, just itching.  it was worth every penny.  i think this 
hooker really liked me.
thanks.  i heard boone was in rare form though.  i am dead tired right now.
i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi.  i am not looking foward to that 
but don't tell val.  the following weekend i will be ready to rock.
i don't know but i don't want to make it.  i just want to stay home.
Phillip K Allen
04/23/2001 09:40 AM
Have him send his resume to Karen Buckley in HR.  There is a new round of 
trading track interviews in May.
tim should have it.  so are you getting nervous.  vegas rocked.  what time 
does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it?  i bet you're nervous let me know if we need to keep  a car running out front.
merlinm@uswest.net on 04/23/2001 07:57:00 PM
Please respond to merlinm@uswest.net
Hey everybody.  Enjoy!