FYI 
I believe Dave N. and Sue had a conversation regarding help in the risk mgmt area.  I saw Dave in the hallway earlier and he indicated that he wanted to rally with you and me to discuss. 
I've got two calls into Tom Armstrong with SW Gas.  I hope to get him to send in a request this week.  Also, James has been running numbers today, so I should have a term sheet for you tomorrow The Agave Christmas Party is on Tuesday, December 11.  Is it possible to take a company plane out with reps from mgmt, mktg, gas logistics and operations We are also running a few more scenarios for TransPecos.
Thanks, Kim.
Lindy, FYI, I have a call into Tiny to discuss this picture and the ownership of the pipe in question.  Thanks, Kim.
The Interconnect would be downstream of the El Paso take off from the Ignacio lateral..   The drawing attached if pretty crude but....... this is what I was talking about..
The legal description for the proposed Southern Trails interconnect north of the Blanco Hub is Sec. 13, T29N, R11W, San Juan County, NM.  This is on the old NWPL receipt line coming off the 30" Ignacio - Blanco line into the Blanco Hub upstream of the El Paso Blanco measurement.  Bottom line is it's the same place we talked about earlier this week.
Ron Matthews
FYI, Kim.
Please review the attached outage report.
Jerry Graves
713-345-8923
Thanks for setting this meeting up.  K.
Audrey, here they are 
FYI. K.
Texas A&M football practice was delayed this morning for nearly two hours.
One of the players, while on the way to the locker room happened to look
down and notice a suspicious looking, unknown powdery substance on the
practice field. Head coach R.C. Slocum immediately suspended practice while
the FBI was called in to investigate. After a complete field analysis, the
FBI determined that the white substance unknown to the players was actually
the goal line.  Practice resumed when the FBI agents decided that the team
was not likely to encounter the substance again.
Ha! Ha!
Lindy, thanks for looking into this.  I agree with your comments.  Kim.
After discussing with Lynn and Glen, we think that we would like to file comments in this proceeding concerning an issue we have had since this has been implemented on Nov 1.  In instances where SoCal happens to call their OFO in the Intraday 2 cycle, it can cause Transwestern to have Shipper imbalances because we do not have an opportunity to pass-along these reductions to our upstream parties.  We think we would like to file a letter that may mention our general support of the "direction" of SoCal's changes, but that we do have an issue that has developed since actual implementation that we are currently working on with them.  Lynn & I worked on this rough general description we thought could be incorporated into a brief letter.
"If SoCal calls an OFO in the Intraday 2 Cycle, an allocation is passed to Transwestern through the confirmation process with SoCal.  Due to the timing of these OFO's, Transwestern is unable to confirm such reductions with Transwestern's upstream parties."
Lynn thinks if we are unable to resolve this issue with SoCal, TW could have high Shipper imbalance exposure.
Lindy , can you please take a look at this and let me know if we should file comments. Thanks. You might see if Glen has looked at it yet.
Steve
Glen and Steve:
The attached supplemental advice filing by SoCalGas replaces the  changes to Rule 30, Transportation of Customer-Owned Gas, proposed by AL2837.   The purpose of this filing is to  describe the new internal receipt point operating procedures that SoCalGas is  implementing, and to request Commission authorization to include the revised  operating procedures in Rule 30. SoCalGas says this step is being taken in  anticipation that it will be replaced with a system of firm tradable intrastate  transmission rights in Gas Industry Restructuring (GIR) proceeding, I.99-07-003 During  the GIR panel hearings, several parties requested that SoCalGas publish its  windowing criteria in tariffs to facilitate a better understanding of the method  used to allocate receipt point  capacity.  SoCalGas agreed to make  such a filing, and D.99-07-015 directed SoCalGas to file an advice letter adding  windowing information to its tariffs.  To comply with this directive, on August  6, 1999, SoCalGas filed AL2837, which has not been acted on by the Commission Customer complaints about SoCalGas' windowing  procedures have convinced SoCalGas that it should replace its internal  windowing operating procedures with a system that is open to the maximum  operating capacity at each SoCalGas receipt point.  SoCalGas is making these internal  operating changes effective November 1, 2001.  SoCalGas held meetings with upstream  pipelines on October 17, and with interested customers and stakeholders on  October 18, regarding the upcoming changes.  They were invited to ask any questions in  the days leading up to the meetings. 
Comments and/or protests are due on November 21.  Have a good  weekend!
Dan
Law Offices of Daniel W. Douglass
5959 Topanga Canyon Blvd.  Suite  244
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Tel:   (818) 596-2201
Fax:   (818) 346-6502douglass@energyattorney.com  - AL2837-A.PDF  
Hi Dot.
Audrey is our secretary.  Her phone number is X35849.  I wasn't aware that she books 49C2, but give her a call and see what she says.
Happy Thanksgiving.  Kim.
Kim -- Do you know someone named Audrey Robertson?  She books the 49/C2 room.  I need to know if someone 
turned in a purse and a briefcase this morning (left there).  And, if not, who booked that room after Stan's 8 am -9:30 
staff meeting was over.
(I've tried to call her; got her no. from Cindy Stark, but no answer.  I don't know if she is in today or not.  I went up to 
49/C2 and no purse or briefcase is there.  Yes -- I am losing it!)
--Dot
Thanks for the link.  Sounds like they are doing well.  I'm sure that it is 
due to our analysis and advice.
I assume Mary has had her baby?  How is everything?
As for deer hunting,  it's been really exciting as we've been seeing lots of 
young and middle aged bucks and a bumper crop of fawns for the first time in 
my memory of over 15 years of hunting there.  I have not taken anythin but 
our hunters have gotten a 9, 10 and 11 point.  The 10 point grossed 135 B&C 
swhich is not giant but a darn respectable deer anywhere in the US and outr 
third largest ever.  (For calibration, mine grossed 166). I have one good 8 
point that's about 18" wide and 4.5 yeears old but I may let Weldon shoot him 
as he has not gotten a deer there in 6 years of hunting.  I'm still open to 
you going there to take pictures.  It may be hard to schedule but I really 
would not mind if you wanted to go down there and  tkae some pics on your 
own.  I've got one blind at which the feeders are close and the deer move 
nearly all day.  You could drive down for the day and easily snap some good 
photos from sunup to sundown or from noon to sundown, whatever.  Call me at 
281-807-6802 if you are interested and we can work it out.
Melissa and Hunter are doing well.  He's 4 now and will start pre-school next 
year.  We may have another one on the way but we're not sure yet.
Enron is great and everything I hoped for really.  I will be rotating as 
scheduled to a new role in Feb/Mar.  How are things at Dell?
Later,
Charlie
Thanks!
I believe that I inadvertently added the trading calendar request to my other 
e-requests.  You may consider my request withdrawn.
Thanks,
V. Charles Weldon
Enron Messaging Security@
01/23/2001 09:34 AM
Good morning Ms. Adams,
Please see the note below from Iris Meunier regarding the Gas & Power Trading 
Calendar.  Please advise of the following three questions:
would you like to take ownership of the Calendar;
should the Calendar still be in use; and
can V. Charles Weldon be given access to the Calendar.
We thank you for your time and assistance.
Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Enron Messaging Security
Iris Meunier@ECT
01/23/2001 08:37 AM
Hi everyone, and sorry for the delays all this is causing 
The G&P calendar has not been used for months (ie.:  at least for the past 2 
years...!).  I would not foresee any inconvenience with anyone using it.
The request originally came almost 3 years ago from when I was working in 
London (for the Gas & Power Trading groups).  Since then, I have moved to the 
Madrid office and Lauren Urquhart has replaced me (with ext. 7359).
I would suggest you maybe get in touch with Rachel Adams and see if she would 
like to become the new "owner" of this calendar (if she sees any current 
benefit in still having one), considering her important role on the trading 
floor in London 
You can go ahead and erase my name from the owner list once you have a new 
one.
,
Iris
Enron Messaging Security@
23/01/2001 15:31
Good morning Ms. Meunier,
V. Charles Weldon has submitted an eRequest to access the Gas & Power Trading 
Calendar.  Please advise when the client has been given access or please 
advise if the request should be rejected.  Thank you for your time and 
assistance.
Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Enron Messaging Security
European Notes Administration@ECT
01/23/2001 08:12 AM
Sent by: Sandra Freeman@ECT
Hi Gary,
Please contact Iris Meunier/MAD/ECT as she is the owner of the group and will 
update any access.........she is listed below in my previous memo.
Sandra Freeman
Enron European Messaging
Good morning ENA,
Please advise if V. Charles Weldon has been added to the ACL or if the client 
needs to contact your Group to request access.  Thank you for your assistance.
Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Enron Messaging Security
European Notes Administration@ECT
01/23/2001 04:31 AM
Sent by: Sandra Freeman@ECT
Gas & Power Trading Calendar
Purpose:	This database is a group calendar, offering 
appointment/event/reminder/anniversary booking and todo entry.
Owner:	Gas & Power Trading.  Contact Iris Meunier at ext. 7359 for more 
information.
Designer:	This database is maintained by the Enron Europe Lotus Notes 
Development Group. For information or maintenance call 6777.
Group on ACL is as follows:
ACCESS LIST: ECT$LON Cont. Power Trading Calendar - Editors DY
Basics:	
Group name:	ECT$LON Cont. Power Trading Calendar - Editors DY
Group type:	Access Control List only
Description:	Continental Power Trading Calendar - EDITOR, Can Delete.
Members:	Iris Meunier/MAD/ECT
Nikki Slade/LON/ECT
Laurelle Hughes/LON/ECT
Rachael Adams/LON/ECT
Owners:	Iris Meunier/MAD/ECT
Administrators:	ECT$$London Database Admin
Foreign directory sync allowed:	Yes
Sandra Freeman
Enron European Messaging
Enron Messaging Security
01/22/2001 03:00 PM
Good afternoon,
V. Charles Weldon has submitted an eRequest for access to the Gas & Power 
Trading Calendar on ECTLON-LN3.  We do not access to view the ACL to see 
which group to add the client.  Please let us know if there is a group or 
when the client has been added to the ACL.  Attached below is the link to the 
Calendar.  Thanks in advance for your assistance.
Have a nice day,
Gary Sta. Maria
Sorry I did not get to call last night.  I'll try tonight after 8:00.
Can you please call Fidelity at 1-800-544-6666 and update my address?
Your duplicate statements have been going to my old address in Austin.  My 
new address is 13006 Brayton Court, Houstno, TX 77065.
You will also need to sell $2000 of stocks in your Bidwell account and make 
your 2001 IRA  contribution to this IRA account as we have done the last 
several years.  We'll talk about what to sell later.
Love,
Charlie 
The taxes that you owe will be based on any gain on whatever we sell.  It 
will be much less than $2000.  For instance, if we bought $1500 of Enron 
stock that is noe worth $2000 then you will only pay tax on the $500 gain I'll look at it tonight.
got my money back..   i offerred 2 at 3-1/8 and they were gone in 5 minutes now I'm playing with profit and can let em ride.
She hasn't heard it yet as she was feeling so bad yesterday.  I'll take the 
pix tonight and see if I can get a CD done.   I'll get the invitation next 
time I can bare to be around you.
Bobby Eberle  02:05:18 PM
Sent by: eberle@bullwinkle.jsc.nasa.gov
Dude,
When Melissa gets her pictures developed, can you see if they can put
them on a CD?  That's what Kathleen is doing, and it will make things a
lot easier since we can avoid the scanning process.
What did she think of the audio?
Finally, I still have your "invitation" that you bought at the airport.
It was a good thing to buy because the one I received in the mail is
just like it.
Bobby
1816?  I have no idea. 
I knew there was such a year but did not know which one
No problme.  I enjoy helping out.  Just tell them to send you $2000.  You 
should have at least that in cash.  If there is any extra leftover and you 
need the cash, you might as well take it too but that's up to you.  Enron is 
up a bunch again today so you should do well selling today.  Love,  Charlie
Margaret Jones  Charlie, I got your pictures - thank you - they were neat and I am
looking forward to the rest of them.  I am anxious to hear about your
trip but I know that you are probably still trying to recuperate from
your trip so call me when you feel rested.  I have class tonight and
will leave about 3:00 and won't get home until 11:00 so obviously
tonight won't be good.  When I call to sell my Merck and 5 shares of
Enron will they send me a check?  I can't remember how it works.  Once
again I want to thank you for watching out for me and my family with
these investments - I know it is time consuming but very much
appreciated.  God Bless You!  Love, Margaret
Thanks Kevin.  It has been very rewarding working here.   You are truly a 
valuable asset to this company and I appreciate all your help and efficiency.
Charlie
Kevin G Moore
01/24/2001 08:01 AM
Hey ! Charlie
Just a note to say Goodbye and wish you well.
See you around.
Kevin Moore
And the Weather Team 
Loftus,
Here's the file.  If you break the date column up into three separate columns 
for month, day, and year then you can use subtotals and/or pivot tables to 
analyze the data a little more quickly and dynamically.  For example, you 
might want to look at the extremes or averages for any particular month or 
year or whatever.  I c an help you do this if you want.    Remember that this 
is a very limited data set statistically speaking, especially considering 
that the last 3 winters were far above normal.  If you want to investigate 
what the possible extreme scenarios are based on past history then I can get 
you the data for many decades further back if wish.  Just let mw know.
Thanks,
Charlie
This should be in your Enron Favorites  
Select FX and Sovereign Risk on the dropdown box and then go to US Calendar The Global Markets Monitor link  is also good.
SCHEDULE CHANGE
A&M athletic director Wally Groff has officially signed off on a football=20
scheduling change for the 2001 season,
as the Aggies will now play at Wyoming on Thursday, Sept. 6.
The move was made to accommodate the popular ESPN Thursday night college=20
football package. The game
between the Cowboys and Aggies was originally scheduled for Sept. 8.
A&M, coming off a 7-5 season, will begin the 2001 campaign with a home game=20
against McNeese State on Sept. 1,
followed by the Wyoming game and an early Big 12 contest with Oklahoma State=20
Sept. 22 at Kyle Field.
The much-anticipated game with Notre Dame at Kyle Field is set for Sept. 29.
In another scheduling quirk, A&M=01,s traditional late-September or October=20
matchup with Texas Tech has been=20
moved to November, as the Aggies and Red Raiders will hook up on Nov. 3 in=20
Lubbock.
BAD TIME OF YEAR TO FLY TO LUBBOCK PLUS THAT'S OPENING ADY OF DEER SEASON=20
As long as you have $2000, you're fine. How many Merck shares do you have 
left, is it just a fraction 
I think so but if not we'll just leave them in there.
Margaret Jones  I think I messed up - I only sold 20 shares of Merck not all of them and I
sold 5 shares of Enron.  Merck was down and sold at market for $79 and Enron
was up and sold at 80 and 11/16.  He said this would settle on the 29th.  He
said my cash balance in the account is $2,023.  Let me know if I need to call
them back.  Please reply soon if you get this message for I have to leave for
Clear Lake at 3:00.  Love, Margaret
V.Charles.Weldon@ wrote:
 No problme.  I enjoy helping out.  Just tell them to send you $2000.  You
 should have at least that in cash.  If there is any extra leftover and you
 need the cash, you might as well take it too but that's up to you.  Enron
 is up a bunch again today so you should do well selling today.  Love,
 Charlie