--Christie.
Fernley,
Per my voicemail, are you available to meet w/Greg Whalley on Thursday, June 
5 for about an hour?
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor 
i'm certainly not opposed to training, but how does a weakly written review 
lead to an age discrimination claim?
here we go 
does it get any uglier than this 
call mark tawney.  we do occasionally make markets in precipitation.
Okay
John Arnold
03/06/2001 12:05 PM
i dont know   sounds good to me
Greg Whalley
02/28/2001 05:32 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Johnny,
What does Greg owe you for the champagne?  Is it $896.00?
Liz
the thing that i will also tell you is that both flight options and travelair 
will allow you to arrange a demo flight and will only charge you the hourly 
rate as if you were an owner.  since you are not paying monthly fees or 
capital, this is a really good deal.  i would suggest doing this with both of 
them before you decide to buy anything  --  ideally on a long flight with a 
big plane.
Johnny,
What does Greg owe you for the champagne?  Is it $896.00?
Liz
what do you think?  why don't you give him a call
James A Hughes@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 10:32 AM
Greg:
This is the resume of my friend that I dropped you a note about last week Let me know if you think we might be interested in talking to Paul.
Jim
Jim, thanks again for your help.  Paul
- Paul Nelson Enron 2-26.doc
Per your reqest 
Angela,
Greg is looking over everything.  I'll get back w/you later today.  We will 
probably have two to three slides.
Liz
02/27/2001 01:18 PM
Angela Sprock
Angela Sprock
Angela Sprock
02/27/2001 01:18 PM
02/27/2001 01:18 PM
Here is the agenda 
Enron At A Glance is an opportunity for 3-6 month employees to learn 
information about the individual business units.  March 1st will mark the 
third edition of the newly designed orientation.  Based on audience feedback, 
the New Hire Network Team is searching for creative ways to engage the 
audience and encourage deeper conversation on the stage 
The Enron Wholesale Interview needs to focus on broad contributions to Enron, 
general business processes, and 2001 goals. Most of the wholesale business 
units have sent speakers to discuss their specific commodities, goals, and  
contributions to EWS.
Enron Networks  Beth Perlman
Enron Industrial Markets Tammy Mulrooney
Enron Global Markets Mike McConnell
You may notice Enron Americas and Europe are not included.  Their speakers 
are unavailable.  Thus, I will ask questions about the gas and power industry 
as well as examples of initiatives in Europe We will also follow your interview with several pre-recorded interviews with 
lead commodity traders (i.e. Hunter Shively, Janet Dietrich, Dave Duran, 
etc).  They will focus on the trading responsibilities.
I will be interviewing you on stage.  During your interview, we will be 
interrupted by "Late Breaking News" concerning power peaker issues and 
describing how Enron makes money with this initiative.  This is a 4-5 minute 
pre-recorded video that runs on the screens behind our interview area.  You 
will not need to contribute anything to this video.
Here are the questions I have written.  Please give your feedback.
(1)  Greg, you came to Enron in 1992 while the gas market was deregulating 
and the power market was moving towards deregulation.  Tell us what you 
experienced during this time.
(a)  What risks did Enron take then?
(b)  Did the Enron leaders have a real idea of amount of opportunities that 
would open the gas and power markets?
(c)  What was the atmosphere at Enron during this time?  Excitement Frustration?  High Egos?
(d)  Do you think that EES and EBS are experiencing the same type of 
excitement while they forge into undiscovered markets?
Interruption:  ENA Investigative Report (Part 1) - Late Breaking News
(2)  In 1996, you moved into the European market and lead the trading 
divisions in the oil and refined products  (a) What was the atmosphere like in the International arena?
(b)  Has the atmosphere changed over the last 5 years?
(c)  What are some initiatives that are hot in Europe?
(3)   Enron is entering the Japanese market.  They are focusing on the power, 
foreign exchange and metal markets.
(a)  What are their goals in these markets?
(b)  What are their challenges this year?  in the next 3 years?
(c)  What other opportunities area arising in Japan?
(4)  Enron Wholesale Services was created and announced in November 2000.
(a)  What was the business purpose for this formation?
(b)  What accomplishments/successes  have been made already?
(c)  What is the business model for EWS?
(d)  What characteristics does a market need to interest EWS?
(5)  Finally, EWS and its business units have been losing its intellectual 
capital, its people resources, to the other divisions of Enron such as EBS 
and EES  (a)  What characteristics are you looking for in future employees
(b)  Recruiting is offering a $5000 incentive to Enron employees referring 
people with trading skills.  What are your needs in this area?
Conclusion of interview:  You will exit the stage while I set up the audience 
for Part 2 of the Investigative Report 
Angela Sprock
Enron Corp
713-853-6335
call liz and get on my calendar.  maybe we can grab lunch or something.  i 
heard about the ag meeting.  sounds like things could have gone better, but 
it also sounds like jeff was a little difficult.  he never has liked the 
notion of that business though.  i'll try to explain it next week.
greg
i cant open this
Cathy,
Will Shankman be able to attend that one?  Liz
Hi Liz -
Mike McConnell should be available to attend all of the weekly budget 
meetings with the exception of the meeting on March 13th.  Mike will be on 
Spring Break vacation that week.
Thank you.
Cathy P.
X-36898
Greg Whalley
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
02/22/2001 01:25 PM
Greg Whalley has requested weekly budget meetings during the month of March The meetings are scheduled for every Tuesday @ 3:00 p.m. in EB3321, for one 
hour, beginning March 6 and ending March 27.  Please advise if your executive 
can not attend 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
I have actually talked with these guys before.  More than a year ago I 
think.  I may have an old copy of their business plan.  The guy I talked to 
was Frank Levy, their CEO.  Just out of curiosity I would like to talk to 
them again to see if they have anything going.
went to the rodeo
Greg Whalley has requested weekly budget meetings during the month of March The meetings are scheduled for every Tuesday @ 3:00 p.m. in EB3321, for one 
hour, beginning March 6 and ending March 27.  Please advise if your executive 
can not attend 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Hi Chris,
Greg is located at EB3324.  He is scheduled to be in Monday - Thursday 
(Thursday til midday).  Liz Taylor
Chris Mahoney
02/22/2001 12:26 PM
running off to see the family tonight.  it was good talking last night.  i'm 
in houston monday and tuesday.
might try and chase you down in your office.  what floor are you on and will 
you be in the office?  thanks, chris.
You & Your Spouse are cordially invited
to join me at the 
2001 Houston Livestock & Rodeo
on
Monday, 26th February
with performances by
Brooks & Dunn
Event start time:  7:00 p.m.
Please RSVP to Liz Taylor (x31935)
Greg,
Hoping this email finds its way to your computer.
Please drop al line if this reaches you
Brian
John,
How do you want me to handle pmt back to Greg for your return leg on Travel 
Air from the Super Bowl.  Greg mentioned that Enron may be picking up the 
bill for you.  If yes, just advise and I'll do up the payment request.  The 
total charges are $3,621.50.
Many Thanks,
Liz
just saw that Louis Dreyfus traded with us today.  good job!!
one concern though -- several of the new names that we see coming across show 
up for 1 trade and then don't come back.
are we getting any feedback from them on the WTI product??  it can't just be 
the size.
don't know about the relationship with dave,  you'll have to work on that one.
i will talk to stan, but i can't believe he has any interest in developing 
power plants anywhere.
Portland General did just get a dash approved for building about 45 mw in 
oregon.  Stan Horton called me about it, and he was going to have someone in 
Portland (i'll remember the name in a minute)  call tim belden about our 
fundamental analysis of the region.
Stan also mentioned the there is an unregulated side of PGE that is enterring 
into these transactions.  He wondered if that part of PGE should belong in 
EWS.  Talk to tim and we'll decide how to approach that next week.
Fun Fun Fun
John,
I hate to whine, but 
EES:
Duran and I talked with Delainey yesterday.  It seems as though we are 
setting up one centralized trading/risk function but we will have overlapping 
origination functions.  I am sure I can work with whatever arrangement you 
make with Dave, but it seems as though we will be tripping over each other in 
the market.  Industrial coverage seems easy, but they want to call on IOU's 
and Munis in order to buy customers.  These are fundamentally large, 
structured short positions that are very similar to what we have been and are 
pitching 
Transport/Operations Eric Gadd came back from London and reports to Stan Horton.  He heads up an 
Asset Development group that is focusing on, among other things, power plant 
development in the southwest.  This sounds crazy - do you want to call Stan 
or should I?
Portland General:
They are developing generation in Oregon that is competing with one of our 
projects.  No one in RAC has heard of this yet.  Not a big deal, I will call 
Peggy Fowler, but thought you should be aware.
,
Chris
Chuck,
This is a read-only file.  I'm unable to print it out to show to Greg Please provide me with a hard copy.  Greg doesn't read e-mail regularly.  I 
keep an eye on this e-mail and print out things that require his immediate 
attention.  You may want to deliver me hard copies of the P&Ls.
Liz
Chuck Ames@
02/02/2001 04:19 PM
Greg, 
Here's the P&L as of last night.  When I get the newest one I'll forward it 
along.
Chuck
Sure thing.  Liz
Hi Liz -
Thanks for copying me on this message.  Mike is in Venezuela and Jeff is on 
vacation.  They should both be back in the office on Monday.  Will you please 
relay this information to Greg.  Yesterday evening I called and left a 
voicemail for Mike relaying this message.
Thanks.
Cathy P.
X-36898
Greg Whalley
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
02/01/2001 04:33 PM
Mike,
Greg is requesting Enron Global Markets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more 
than 3 to 4 each) asap 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Hi John,
Have you sent Greg Enron Europe's 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 
4 each)?  If not, he needs them asap.  I'll also check through his emails to 
see if you sent them already.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Dave,
Greg is requesting Enron Americas' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 
4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Rebecca,
Greg is requesting Enron Global Assets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 
3 to 4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Jeff,
Greg is requesting Enron Industrial Markets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more 
than 3 to 4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Louise,
Greg is requesting Enron Net Works' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 
to 4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Mike,
Greg is requesting Enron Global Markets' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more 
than 3 to 4 each) asap 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
i didn't do it 
does this mean that you are a seller at 70% of the number you put in your 
retail column??  If so 
i will take 
PJ Fluer
Dom
La Grande Dame
the cristal looks a little pricey @ 200,  but @ 140 i'll take that too.
John Arnold
01/22/2001 09:37 PM
Gentlemen:
The following champagne is available at 70% of approximate retail price. Also 
have interest in trading for red wine.  Retail prices derived from Spec's 
website or Winesearcer.com.  Wine has been stored at temperature controlled 
private wine storage facility.
Quan      Vintage  Wine         Retail
3  1990  Perrier Jouet Brut Fleur de Champagne  110 
1  1988  Piper Heidsek Reserve    65 
2  1990  Dom Perignon     125
1  1990  Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin La Grande Dame 100
1  1988  Taittenger Millesine Brut    85 
1  1992  Jacquart Millesine    29
3  1990  Roederer Cristal     200
Any interest??
by this ratio the rest ot the power group is really underperforming 
This 250K came from about 3 MW.
We tried all day to sell this volume below.  Market is extremely illiquid, 
given Annex V uncertainty and other regulatory issues: generators believe 
Parente will help them out in May, while LDCs look at their contracts and 
reduced demand.  However AES Sul accepted to buy this volume at 25% discount 
to May spot price, payment on June 25th.  We will net about R$600,000 
(US$250,000) between sale and purchase prices.  Credit is OK.
We will keep a very small, long position at MAE settlement for May.
Remi
Luis Berti
06/04/2001 05:39 PM
This is to inform that we have closed 2.200 MWh for May to AES Sul at 25% 
discount rate against spot price at southeast sub-market to be paid on Jun 
25th.
Berti
You're e-mailing me on Greg's address book.  It's because I responded to your 
first address from his e-mail and I thought I was in my address book.
Honey,  please feel better soon.  I'm saying a prayer for you right now.  I'm 
glad I put a smile on your face (and what a handsome face it is).    Liz
Going
forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine." - I don't understand.
I'm having a poor day.  Got to have thick skin in this business.
Hey, thinking of your beautiful "happy" smile makes me smile.  You certainly
deserve someone that brings that special kind of joy to your life.
He asked me to table it til this week.  Last week was full of activities
planning for the Analyst conference and tons of meetings about our problems
in CA (Power).
Sorry you're not feeling well.  Take care of yourself.    I had a lovely
weekend, thank you.  Edmond and I did dinner & dancing on Saturday night.
We had a picnic @ Allen Parkway on yesterday afternoon.  Followed by a
Super Bowl party for two.  This was a lot of fun.  We ate junk food and
drank cokes all night.  By 3:30a.m. this morning we both had a stomach
ache.
Am I sharing enough, to much?  I think I like me old way better.  Going
forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine."
Liz
I had a so, so weekend.  I'm tired, half ill, and working for some new
accounts.  Any word yet?
How was your weekend?
I'm sure you and Edmund had a blast - what did you do?
Good Morning Ken,
Good weekend?
liz
Please see below a summary of E&P weekly from CSFB research team.  The
complete report is attached for your review.
 1) Group rebounds from over-sold position advancing 4%, leaders include
 Swift, Ocean, Mitchell, Louis Dreyfus and Canadian Natural.
 2) Despite weather related selling pressure on near month natural gas
 prices, the out months remain strong between $5.50 and $6.00.
 3) With 20% of US gas production reporting, volumes declined 1.6%
 sequentially and 5.5% versus 4Q99. Volumes declined 4% in 2000 versus
 1999.
 4) Value creation update: 5 companies reported increasing value by 29%
 on average, leaders include Pogo, Ocean and Pioneer.