The bird on the other hand has got to be an informant. He has
 mastered their frightful tongue (something akin to mole speak and
 speaks with them regularly. I am certain he reports my every move.
 Due to his current placement in the metal room, his safety is assured.
 But I can wait, it is only a matter of time 
Here is the draft form for the US derivatives GTC.
I think this is the most recent version of the ETA.  Obviously, this is the 
UK version and Sullivan & Cromwell are turning it into a US document.  The US 
version will be governed by NY law and contain an arbitration clause.  We're 
also trying to figure out how much to say about the confirmation process 
since it may vary from product to product and will almost certainly be 
different from the UK version.  Speaking of which, I was surprised to find 
that they have the telephone conversation (and in this case the web site 
records) control over a confirmation which has been signed by both parties What's the practice in your part of the world?  One alternative is to insert 
the language (or something like it) that we use in financial trading which 
says that we will send a written confirm, gives the counterparty a short time 
(2 or 3 days) to respond and indicates that silence will be deemed 
acceptance.  Would that work for your deals?
Anyway, I'm in NY today and tomorrow, back in the office on Wed.  Louise is 
insistent that the GTC's be available to be uploaded this weekend.  I'll be 
calling in periodically tomorrow and will try to get you since I'm sure you 
will have issues to discuss - and now is the right time to get changes made 
to the ETA if necessary.
FROM:  Andrew Wilkinson
Dear Mark
Further to my various emails on Friday 16 July 1999, please find attached a
copy of the UK ETA which shows the amendments from the drafts I sent to you
on Friday.  All of these changes have been inserted into all Electronic
Trading Agreements for each of the primary jurisdictions.  These changes
have been made following my conference call with Scott Sefton, Justin Boyd,
Louise Kitchen and others yesterday afternoon.
I also attach a revised draft of the UK Gas Physical Beach GTC and the
Zeebrugge Gas Physical GTC marked up to show the changes to the versions
sent to you last Friday.
I would be grateful for any comments on these documents as well as those
sent to you on Friday.
Kind 
Andrew Wilkinson
- UKETA.rtf
- UKNPB.rtf
- 7tgzRED.DOC
Martin:
I am told by my assistant (Jan Dobernecker) that the Human Resources 
Department here has people who will assist you on the practicalities.  Jan 
has asked them to get in touch with you directly.  If you have not heard from 
someone by the middle of next week, please let me or Jan know so we can 
either prod them into action or get you a contact name and number to call.
We are all very much looking forward to your arrival and I'd be happy to 
discuss any questions (and I'm sure there must be several) that come to mind 
- just give me a call.
Mark
Martin Rosell
12/03/98 02:49 AM
Mark,
Following the message below, please be informed that I plan to come over to 
Houston 15 January next year and stay for 6-7 weeks (at Murphy's Montecito 
apartments).  Maybe we could change a few words on this before Christmas Also, do you know to whom I may turn in order to settle the practicalities 
(invitation letter to show immigration authorities, insurance, car, etc 
Martin 
Scott Sefton
27/11/98 17:41
We ought to investigate the possibility of having a Wikborg lawyer over every 
afternoon, with the understanding that the Wikborg lawyer would also be 
available to work on our stuff in the morning. This is our chance to develop 
a relationship with a new Wikborg lawyer who could replace Jarle Erik. Please 
confirm the dates that you will be gone. I assume that you will be back in 
Oslo by March 1. Please co-ordinate your Houston visit with Mark Taylor. 
Thanks!
Taffy - the airline called to say I have to leave a day earlier on my 
vacation (isn't that too bad).  Could you please add Friday the 27th of 
August to my vacation on the calendar.
 Subject:        Diary of a Cat