Gary S.
 Fergus
You had asked for my input on a response to a letter you received from Tom 
Donahue regarding increasing Enron's contribution to the US Chamber to 
$100,000.  I have been giving the Chamber a bit of a hard time lately and 
wanted you to know why.
I have been in touch with both Tom and his staff over the last year.  Donahue 
has done a very good job raising money and getting his membership rolls up, 
both in terms of membership and dollar contribution per member.  My 
reservation about the Chamber is that they won't take a stand on something 
which is in the best interests of the vast majority of their membership if it 
will alienate a vocal few.  Electric restructuring was a key example of 
this.  There was no doubt where they should have been on the issue, but 
instead of embracing retail open access legislation at the federal level they 
decided to have a "process".  Naturally, all the utilities volunteered to 
participate in the process and outnumbered the nonutility members when it 
came time to vote.  The vote supported wholesale, but not retail, reform 
(with heavy emphasis on ensuring stranded cost recovery).  Afterwards, the 
federal debate shifted solely to wholesale legislation (though this is not 
exclusively the Chamber's fault).
Unfortunately, Tom's forceful and competitive approach when it comes to 
raising his membership rolls leaves him unwilling to do the right thing if a 
few members will be upset.  For Enron it's a bit like paying $100,000 for a 
veto right.  The only things the organization pushes for are the things 
everyone agrees on in the business community -- eg China PNTR and lower 
corporate taxes -- things they will push for whether we pay dues or not (and 
things we will add our separate voice to in any event 
As I have explained to the Chamber, Enron makes its money challenging 
conventional wisdom, changing the way markets work, and dislocating 
incumbents.  Anything important that we stand for is likely to alienate some 
members of the business community and the Chamber is unlikely to stand with 
us.  They represent the status quo in the business community.  Tom is an 
extremely promising leader; he needs to create a new kind of voice for the 
business community.  A voice which stands for moving business to the next 
level, not just protecting its current position.
Having said all that, the Chamber (particularly its international chapters) 
has been useful to us in the past.  In previous years, Donahue himself has 
intervened on our behalf with Latin American leaders.  As a consequence, I 
have asked them for a proposal which would allow us to remain Chamber members 
at a lower dues (and policy participation) level, but with continuing access 
to their international activities.  I suggested something in the $25,000 
range.  That's why they are approaching you (they want us to double our 
current dues to $100,000).
Currently, I am inclined to just withdraw from Chamber membership, but I plan 
to defer to Linda Robertson.  I am interested in your insights, or, if you 
prefer, you can simply refer them to Linda or me.
Please provide me an update on the progress of the working group you have led 
this year.  There are several things I would like you to cover in this regard.
Did the working group function through the year or was it terminated (I 
recognize there may be good reasons for the latter, but would like to 
understand those reasons).
What did the group accomplish?
Would you recommend continuing it?   Any changes?
Are there other topics we should consider for working groups in the future Any changes to the working group process itself?
Please provide input on the individuals you worked with.  You should be able 
to do this through the PEP system.  If you cannot, please provide the 
feedback by confidential e-mail to me.  Because the PRC is coming up soon, 
please provide the feedback by December 1. 
Kelly Kimberly@_DEVELOPMENT
04/19/2000 11:55 AM
Attached are three documents for your consideration:
--Q and As if there is a leak about the possible sale, but we don't want to 
admit it (qanoadmit)
--News release if the leak runs amok and it is determined that we must 
divulge--either for shareholder reasons or severe reputation 
problems/miconceptions.  (leaknr)
--Q and As to accompany news release.  I suppose another option is having a 
statement and Q and As ready without a release, but I don't think this gives 
us the control we would need.  (qaadmit)
Please review and comment by end of next week.  Thanks.
Steve Kean is on vacation this week.  Please call me, Maureen McVicker, at 
3-1808 and I will get you on his schedule for next week.
Christopher B Hunt@_DEVELOPMENT
11/20/2000 11:03 AM
Steve -
I was hoping to grab you for a few minutes in San Antonio to get some "Enron 
career advice" but wasn't able to find you at a time when both of us were 
free.  Any chance I could grab 20-30 minutes this week or next?
Chris
calendar/mtg folder
Mary Alison Bailey@ECT
11/20/2000 05:24 PM
It is very important every Rice Team member attend the following event in 
support of Enron, Rice University and Houston Rice University is please to invite you      Thursday, November 30, 2000
and a guest to join us for a special event      6:00 pm - 9:00 pm featuring Jeffrey K. Skilling,        Business Attire
President & COO, Enron Corporation,       Enron Bldg. 50th Floor
speaking on MBA Career Opportunities in Texas 
Rice MBA Corporate Partners Reception
Please see the attached invitation  - Enron CPR.doc 
RSVP to Alison Bailey by return e-mail or ext. 3-6778.
Thanks, I have what i need.  I'm working on a project with McKinsey regarding 
the accleration of new businesses, so I wanted to look at some examples of 
employee-driven business creation.
Sarah Palmer@ECT
11/20/2000 04:11 PM
Steve, I just wanted to assure that you had everything you needed from the 
Idea Vault.  Let me know if you need more print outs of the ideas as several 
more have been entered in the past few days.  One thing I did forget to ask 
you -- what were the print outs for?!  I need to enter it into my usage 
statistics/measurements file.
Sarah.
Maureen please check my calendar
"Richard Jones"  	11/20/2000 03:18 PM
Dan & Steve,
This meeting is scheduled to be held on Friday 1 December at 
McDonalds Headquarters in just outside of Chicago. People are flying 
in Thursday night and we plan to go through most of Friday - maybe 
with a tour of Hamburger University. The participants are General 
Motors, Dupont, McDonalds, NASA, and hopefully Enron. I will be 
traveling on Tuesday, but could we arrange a time to discuss this on 
Wednesday?
Rick Jones
I have not heard
Rosalee Fleming
11/20/2000 01:19 PM
Re:  the attached.  Do we know yet whether it will be on the agenda 
Rosie
Rosalee Fleming on 11/02/2000 05:10:35 PM
Steve, Ken did sign the Advisory Council letter.  He does want to brief the 
Enron Board at the December meeting, if it can be worked into the agenda.  I 
am copying Rebecca on this also.
Rosie
p.s.  Do you want us to mail out the Advisory Council memo letter?
Please ask Ken to sign the following.  But, in the Advisory Council letter 
delete the reference to the December Board meeting and check with Ken on 
whether he still plans to brief the Enron Board at the December meeting (I 
believe he talked to Kelly Kimberly about this).
Susan Worthen@_DEVELOPMENT
10/31/2000 10:37 AM
Steve,
Per our meeting yesterday, attached are the draft letters from Ken Lay to the 
Board and Advisory Council.  l will deliver a box of Annual Reports today so 
that they can be delivered to Rebecca Carter once the letters are signed and 
returned to you. 
Please call me if there are any questions.
Susan Worthen
Director
Environmental Compliance, Enron Corp
713/646-6579  713/345-6164 fax
3AC 1525
Thanks, I also need to get some time with Shawn Cumberland... please schedule 
that too.
Christopher B Hunt@_DEVELOPMENT
11/20/2000 11:03 AM
SK - I emailed him and asked him to call me to schedule some time with you 
next week.  mm
Steve -
I was hoping to grab you for a few minutes in San Antonio to get some "Enron 
career advice" but wasn't able to find you at a time when both of us were 
free.  Any chance I could grab 20-30 minutes this week or next?
Chris
Attached is Steve Kean's presentation.
Are you available for lunch with Steve on Monday, January 8th?  Please give 
me a call at 3-1808 and we can get you on Steve's calendar.
Maureen McVicker
Steve's Assistant
Great work.  Any indication that the publication of the Stanley investigation 
is having any adverse effect?
Richard Shapiro
11/26/2000 07:53 AM
Great news and congrats!
Robert Hemstock@ECT
11/26/2000 01:19 AM
Rick,
You will recall Steve Kean participated in a conference call on Nov 14 with 
John Lavorato et al to discuss emergency Pool Rule changes that the Power 
Pool intended to implement in two days.  We developed a 5 point action plan 
to deal with the proposed Power Pool rule changes that would have a 
significant impact on the value of Enron's PPA investment in Alberta By way of update to Steve, you may wish to brief him that: 1) It appears the 
Power Pool will not proceed with the rule change designed to exclude 
importers from setting pool price.  They will proceed with dispatch risk rule 
changes but we have given input on those too and I am optimistic that Enron 
will be able to live with these rule changes, the final wording of which we 
should see on Monday, 2) We  have set up a meeting with the Minister of 
Resource Development (you, Rob Milnthorp and I will attend) on December 11 to 
encourage the Alberta Government to stay the course, and 3) This week we will 
finalize our "Lessons from other Jurisdictions" document (that Steve sent me 
materials to include in) and will provide it to the Alberta Government and 
Power Pool and then follow up with them no partnering in the project. There has been no serious negotiation on this 
to date and I don't want Scott to waste his time if we really don't have the 
turbine from EE&CC. Please advise. Thanks.
Sent by: Lisa Zarsky
Per our telephone conversation today, I have been asked by two Cogentrix 
executives if we have any General Electric 7FA turbines (for delivery in 
2002) available for sale. I believe that Cogentrix needs the turbine for one 
of the combined cycle projects it has been permitting in Entergy or TVA. They 
seen somewhat anxious.
As we discussed, I will let Cogentrix know about the availability of the two 
General Electric 7EA's and the two Westinghouse 501-D's. What about the 7FA 
that Dave Delainey loaned to EE&CC, could this turbine be available for sale 
to Cogentrix?
Scott
How could coal fired QF's play into your and George's strategy?
Delainey
David W Delainey
07/12/2000 12:02 AM
Mike, this looks great - looking forward to seeing your final thoughts.
Delainey
Dave
In response to your e mail, this is meant to update you on the status of the 
search for potential coal fired generation sites.
We have used the following criteria to screen potential sites east of the 
Mississippi including the following:
Underutilized existing coal fired generation (15 sites)
Existing coal fired generation that is on cold stand by (12 sites)
Coal units that have been retired (20 sites)
Coal fired units that at one time had planned coal unit additions that were 
delayed or cancelled (11 sites)
Undeveloped sites that had planned to build coal units (13 sites)
Undeveloped sites that had planned to build nuclear units (5 sites)
We are in the process of prioritizing each site based on infrastructure, 
transmission access, market and permit status. That effort should be 
concluded this week and the study forwarded to you. We are also talking with 
two coal operators that are in the process of developing their own coal fired 
generation in Kentucky and West Virginia.
We will keep you apprised of the progress and meet with you again as we move 
to the next stage. 
Rob, thanks for the update - I am assuming that you will come up with $23M 
Cdn ($16M USD) - "highly likely" with PML.  We do not have recorded in the 
financial statements the $8M Cdn in done deals - you may want to look into 
that 
We need the money to show up given every other Enron group is flaking - bail 
me out my friend!
Delainey 
Rob Milnthorp
11/28/2000 07:13 PM
Dave, Origination & Finance has booked roughly C$8MM Quarter to Date 
For the remainder of the quarter, I will attempt to give you a break-down 
based on probability:
"Highly Likely"
Done Deals    C$8MM
Papier Masson Service Fee Income C$1MM
PCOG Strategic Alliance Extension C$2MM
Chippawa Capacity Assignment  C$1MM
Misc. Marketing Deals   C$1MM
Total     C$13MM
"Probable"
Papier Masson Write-up/Monetization C$10MM (ECC's share only)
MAP Auction    C$2MM
Blue Range Final Dividend  C$1MM
Calpine Capacity Assignment  C$2MM (ECC's share only)
Total     C$15MM
"Unclear"
Tax Mitigation    C$10MM
Turbine Sale    C$2MM
Clarica Funding Deal for PPA  C$1MM
Total     C$13MM
Papier Masson is proceding nicely,as the owners have agreed to sell the asset 
. The owners have also agreed to a structure in principle, whereby they have 
determined a range that they are willing to sell at. If enron exceeds the 
range, they are bound to sell it to Houston P&P group. If we bid inside the 
range they then have 8 weeks to shop us, and if they dont receive any offers, 
enron buys the mill at our bid less C$5MM. If they shop us and receive a 
third party offer, they pay enron a break fee of C$5MM. If they close with a 
third party, we receive an additional C$10MM. At a minimum, this provides us 
with a fair market valuation by an independent/outside party that we can use 
as our basis for writing up the asset. Secondly, it allows the P&P group to 
bid without being a stalking horse as it provides for hefty break fees and 
significant earnings on closing. 
With   to tax mitigation, I will have a better idea by the end of this 
week. The tax guys are up from Houston and we will be working on it the 
remainder of the week.
fyi...British Energy is now worth >C$100MM at the desk's bid. We are still 
working toward a May 1, 2001 market opening. Support for a may 1 start is 
mounting and has become a very public topic consistently referring to May 1.
Milnthorp
David W Delainey
11/28/2000 01:05 PM
Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an 
orig point of view ie) deals and value.
Delainey
George, it is probably worth  speaking to them about the US assets - probably 
the smaller Virginia sites which are probably less core and may be great 
brownfield sites. I'm not sure we would have an interest in UK coal fired 
assets. I would speak to Sherriff on that one. However, I would caution that 
real value is created through RAPID brownfield development leveraging on 
Enron's development, electricity, coal and emissions talents 
For ComEd and Homer City, Mission has already paid up for these assets based 
on gas being on the margin.  Now that was before a lot of the run up so it 
may be worthwhile; however, I think it may be difficult to arb these guys As well, I think it may be difficult to get the asset out of them - I'm not 
sure that they can turn their strategy or show a loss this quickly from a 
Wall Street point of view 
We should probably take a shot at the smaller probably less core Virginia 
assets. Are they in QF, if so there may be upside in the deal from Duran's 
point of view..
Dave, given the rise in gas prices and gas being on the margin for a larger 
part of the load curve, coal assets or coal QF's may be great assets for us 
from a restructuring and power asset (expansion/brownfield) point of view Have we looked at this?  Are there many in the market?
Delainey
Dave - as we know Mission is under pressure with   to the poor 
performance of their non-regulated generation assets in the US and UK.  It 
appears their  UK coal fired assets (Fiddlers Ferry and Ferrybridge) are for 
sale.  We should consider contacting them to determine their interest to 
divest any part of their US generation asset portfolio as well.
EME owns the former Comed coal and gas fired assets in Chicago, and Homer 
City in Pa.  In addition they have small coal fired generation assets in West 
Virginia and Virginia.  It may be possible to pick up one or more coal fired 
generation assets from Mission, and expand their existing capacity.
We are continuing to work on identifying brown field coal fired sites.  This 
may be another approach to pursue as well 
Let me know if you think we need to work EME.  Thanks.
Steve, please call Jeff and go through in detail how we got to our valuation 
of approximately $39 M.  Please ensure that this is a reasonable facsimile of 
value that ENA would accreate over the short to medium term assuming your 
continued management.
Let me know where you end up.
Delainey
Jeff, I don't believe the offer I showed you of $39 M is unreasonable. In 
fact the team had recommended $42 M based on a number of measures.  I see the 
6X multiple of annualized Q2 earnings as one of the best measures of the 
potential value of this company.
I don't see it in the best interests of Enron to be transferring assets below 
a reasonable market value between business units.  You can trust that I will 
be keeping the Energy Capital Resources team's feet to the fire on the 
realization of this value if you do not purchase the company.
If you and Steve can come up with a better indication of value, I will 
support that transaction.
Delainey
Jeffrey Sherrick@
07/13/2000 07:17 PM
Dave,  I have ask Steve Harper, Jack Harmuth, Howard Selzer,and  Glenn Fox to 
work with Steve Pruitt and see if the number you offered can be supported The value for proved developed reserves and the financial/legal issues can be 
reviewed rather painlessly here in Houston.  The value for the  proved 
undeveloped reserves will most likely require a visit to the working team to 
see the program particulars, verify the acreage and , concluded the validity 
of this estimate of PUD value.  The idea of paying before tax NPV10% for an 
assumed 3.5 year program on top of the PD &PUD reserves will require a more 
indepth review 
Obviously, we want to do this as simply as possible and I was prepared to 
take the package "as is, where is" at book value which I understood to be in 
the 30-32MM$ range including debt.  Dave I understand what you are doing and 
I would support this effort if we were selling the asset outside of the 
company.   I want to do what is best for Enron at this time which I believe 
is to transfer this asset to EGEP for the reasons i outlined in my prior 
memo.  It will benefit C-gas via direct access to technology and specialists, 
it will benefit EGEP for marketing and a US presence and it will benefit ENA 
by moving the asset from your books without a loss and releasing the valuable 
intellectual capital ENA could employ elsewhere in a higher yielding business 
venture.  However, with the premiums you have placed on the properties it is 
going to be very difficult to make this transaction happen.  (However, we are 
willing to try)  ENA has had this on the market for over a year with the 
intent to sell it at book if possible.  Prices have improved, but I believe 
even your team would admit this is still a project to get book in the market 
today.  Your estimated value at the current strip at a Before Tax 10% 
discount for Appalachian reserves seems a little aggressive for the market 
let alone an inter-company transfer 
When we talked about this a couple of weeks ago we said it would be a fair 
transaction and at the time you were hedging that it would be around book.  I 
understood your logic for needing to talk with your team but I was relying on 
a fair deal to result.  Dave, I'm only sending this memo to you because I 
feel this is being pushed way past fair by your team with the intent that if 
we pay this it is a home run for your new team and since we are in a bind, 
let's see what happens.  I know this is a very small piece of business for 
you and the time it takes to read this is more than you can afford to this 
asset or transaction.  If fact,  the easy thing for you to do is get mad and 
say you don't have the time and stop the transaction.  On the other hand, if 
you believe the right thing for all parties is to do this at book, say so and 
you'll never deal with this piece of business again.  I hope in this case you 
will put the greater good of Enron in front of ENA's desire to hit a home run 
at EGEP's expense and in the spirit of ONE-ENRON move these assets to EGEP at 
book value As I said in the beginning we will try to get to your number, but I am 
concerned that we will spend a lot of time and require effort from all of the 
teams that could be eliminated if you and I decided to make this transaction 
at book.  In fact, it would be the easiest transition for the C-Gas team 
which you've indicated to be a concern for your team.  I am available through 
voice mail and I can get my lotus notes most days.  Best thing is to leave a 
voice mail and a good time for me to call you back.
Thanks Dave for your time,
Jeff  
Rick, looks like a good start - as per our discussion, this is a very 
important issue.
Janet, please assist on the UI front if necessary.
Delainey
Richard Shapiro@EES
07/13/2000 07:48 AM
Here is NEPOOL strategy: feel free to contact any of us if you have questions 
or comments. Thanks.
Daniel Allegretti
07/13/2000 07:33 AM
Per our discussion.  I ran this by Montovano, Hartsoe and Steffes.  If it 
looks OK to you please forward to Dave Delainey and Kevin Presto.
Thanks - -  I'm looking at August 28.
Thanks,
Kay
Melissa Jones@
07/12/2000 04:53 PM
Jean is available on either day - August 22nd or 28th.
I am now asking for  August 28, 2000.
Thanks,
Kay
Venita Coleman@
07/12/2000 05:03 PM
Julie is available on August 22, 2000.
Sent by: Kay Chapman@ECT
Dave and Mark have asked me to arrange a meeting, QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream 
Origination, and I would like to know if August 22, 2000 from 1:00 - 5:00 pm 
will work for all of you?
Thank you in advance for your promt attention to this matter.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Well, we have a slight problem.  Mark has just replied to my memo and he will 
not be in Houston on that date.  Could we make it for August 28, 2000 ?
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Dave and Mark have asked me to arrange a meeting, QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream 
Origination, and I would like to know if August 22, 2000 from 1:00 - 5:00 pm 
will work for all of you?
Thank you in advance for your promt attention to this matter.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Well, we have a slight problem.  Mark has just replied to my memo and he will 
not be in Houston on that date.  Could we make it for August 28, 2000 ?
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Dave and Mark have asked me to arrange a meeting, QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream 
Origination, and I would like to know if August 22, 2000 from 1:00 - 5:00 pm 
will work for all of you?
Thank you in advance for your promt attention to this matter.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Dave and Mark have asked me to arrange a meeting, QBR HPL/LRC/Upstream 
Origination, and I would like to know if August 22, 2000 from 1:00 - 5:00 pm 
will work for all of you?
Thank you in advance for your promt attention to this matter.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Ray, if Mark does not have any other comments - lets go ahead and send the 
memo out ASAP.
Delainey
Raymond Bowen
07/12/2000 12:48 PM
Dave/Mark,
Attached is a revised memo reflecting Dave's comments.  Please let me know if 
you have any further thoughts.  For the rest of the week, I am going to be at 
Edward Ondarza's offsight, but I can be reached via cell phone (713-416-6429) 
or via email.  Marsha (x33356) can also track me down.
Thanks,
Ray
Lou, are there concerns that I am not aware?  From an economic point of view, 
it is clearly not in our interest to aggregate residential or small customers 
who have retail choice; however, standard office service (like the UI deal) 
is clearly a customized, wholesale/all -requirements sale of significant size 
negotiated with the utility and the puc.
Delainey
Sent by: Anita Llamas-Granado@EES
Please attend the above subject matter meeting Monday, December 4th @ 2 
O'clock in EB872.
Please mark you calendar to reflect the following:
Date:  August 14,  2000
Monday
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  Industrial QBR
I apologize for any any inconvenience this may have caused. If you have any 
questions, please feel free to call me.
Thanks
Kay 3-0643
Due to a conflict with Dave and Mark's calendars I need move the East 
Midstream QBR to Tuesday August 15, 2000.
Date:  August 15, 2000
Tuesday
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  East Midstream QBR
Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. I am extremely apologetic for 
any inconvenience this may have caused. 
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Guys, we need to figure this out in the next couple weeks.  John do you want 
to take a stab based on manager, director and VP rankings?
Delainey
David Oxley
06/14/2000 10:30 AM
ENA Mid-Year 2000 Senior Management and High Value Contributors Equity Awards
Mary,
As discussed yesterday, I have had further discussions with Dave and John on 
this subject and we would like to proceed as follows;
- Wait for mid-year PRC discussions to conclude July 7
- Make recommendations for option grants to key first 6 month contributors 
and new management players following week
- Strike equity and communicate to recipients Aug 1
The rationale for this would be as follows:
- ENA has had a stellar first 6 months and will probably over exceed plan by 
$150mm
- 5 or 6 individuals have been instrumental in creating exceptional value and 
we would like to recognise their performance now.
- A number of people have over the last 6 months been asked to step up and 
take more senior roles following the moves to EBS and ENW. We would like to 
recognise these people now (subject to top 2 PRC performance) by granting 
them some options.
- As a consequence of some people's increased responsibilities and in looking 
at their unvested equity value, a number of people appear low in relation to 
the market.
I would anticipate that the individual awards would be of 7 year options with 
standard vesting and would mainly be of individual 5-10,000 options awards 
(or $145-$290k). These might total in the region of 150-250,000 options.
While most of the probable recipients will be commercial officers, I would 
expect a number of senior support and some Commercial Directors also to be 
recommended.
Obviously I understand that we will need to put individual cases together for 
each recipient for board submission but I would appreciate your help and 
guidance as we proceed. In particular please alert me asap if you think this 
will be a problem.
Thanks
David
Guys, any interest?
Delainey
Muralivis@aol.com on 07/07/2000 07:06:56 PM
David:
I met with you last December/January in connection with working for Enron.
At that time Enron made me an offer to work in your group.  I made the
decision to not accept the offer.  The main reason was that I could not
digest the concept of leaving BP Amoco less than six months after I had
joined them.
I am still with BP Amoco and they continue to treat me real well.  At the
same time, I now realize that I made  a stupid mistake in turning down the
Enron offer.  If you are willing to reconsider, I would love to talk to you.
Considering what I put you through the last time, if you do not want to
reconsider, I can understand.
David, I would appreciate it I can meet with you in person to discuss this
further with you.  If you are okay with it, can I buy you lunch and talk
about this.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Murali Viswanathan
Ph. 281 363 2572 (h)
713 460 0641 (w)
On the fee, let Mike manage he knows my thoughts.
Delainey
Ray, couple of comments:
a) Donahue is responsible for the portfolio management function but also 
incorporate the idea of Jeff being responsible for ENA's "capital book" (ie) 
managing existing deals and intimately involved in conjunction with Treasury 
and the various origination groups of which finance transactions get or don't 
get on our books;
b) Has Fastow clearly put Defner in the ENA Treasurer role? - if so we 
should also mention this in the note;
c) Chuck Ward ( Generation Investments); Don Miller ( Merchant Generation);
and d) with regard to commodity structuring ensure it is clear that they 
will facilitate and structure the highest priority/value transactions across 
the organization even though they report to Janet (ie) they don't just work 
on East Origination deals.
Let me see the final before release. Make sure Mark is on side.
Delainey
Raymond Bowen
07/11/2000 03:01 PM
Attached is a first cut of a memo.  Let me know if you have any comments.
Ray
Ext. 37433 
Mike, this looks great - looking forward to seeing your final thoughts.
Delainey
Dave
In response to your e mail, this is meant to update you on the status of the 
search for potential coal fired generation sites.
We have used the following criteria to screen potential sites east of the 
Mississippi including the following:
Underutilized existing coal fired generation (15 sites)
Existing coal fired generation that is on cold stand by (12 sites)
Coal units that have been retired (20 sites)
Coal fired units that at one time had planned coal unit additions that were 
delayed or cancelled (11 sites)
Undeveloped sites that had planned to build coal units (13 sites)
Undeveloped sites that had planned to build nuclear units (5 sites)
We are in the process of prioritizing each site based on infrastructure, 
transmission access, market and permit status. That effort should be 
concluded this week and the study forwarded to you. We are also talking with 
two coal operators that are in the process of developing their own coal fired 
generation in Kentucky and West Virginia.
We will keep you apprised of the progress and meet with you again as we move 
to the next stage. 
Janet, scheduling this is a nightmare - if Ben can't make it you can cover. 
Thanks
Dave
Thanks Mike - great job on the 2000's and the recovery at Doyle.  Lets 
together once the accounting is completed and determine what is appropriate 
in fee to pay.
Delainey
Laura, I would like to congratulate you and your group on a very successful 
quarter. Hats off to the team!!  Let me know how I can help.
Please forward to your organization as appropriate.
Delainey
Hat's off to the group for a very successful quarter for MEH.  I graciously 
commend everyone for the teamwork and perseverance displayed in tackling the 
array of transactions and tasks to ensure the successful start of our new 
joint business.  We continue to have many challenges ahead, but I wanted to 
take pause and in particular commend the following:
Trunkline Transaction Team - Roy Rodriguez, Russell Murrell, and Steve Curlee 
brought to closure a significant transaction with leveraged off many groups 
in the PEC and Enron organizations.  Net transaction mark to market on behalf 
of MEH was $2,286,634  with accrual and option values to be realized over the 
3 year term of the arrangement.  Team work permeated this transaction and 
thanks are due to 1) legal teams for PEC led by Mary Klyasheff and for ENA 
led by Sheila Tweed and Jeff Hodge 2) structuring group support from Steve 
Curlee,  Deirdre McCaffrey and Ed McMichael 3) Tony Compton for the 
successful closure of gas supply transactions with third parties 4) to all 
else who covered the many transaction closing issues and bookings. 
NSS and NGPL Capacity Transaction Team - Steve Richman, Roy Rodriguez, 
Richard Tomaski, Barbara Dillard and Lee Fascetti successfully proposed, 
negotiated and are now managing a 3 year storage and capacity management of 
approximately 18 BCF/year of NGPL no-notice storage and accompanying 
transportation with realized value year to date for MEH of $1,510,459  with 
an additional $1,541,835  of value to PGL ratepayers.  This transaction will 
continue to be a significant asset to leverage into the intra-day market  and 
our initial platform for on-line business (EOL).
Daily Optimization - Richard Tomaski, Barbara Dillard, Steve Richman, Tim 
Hermann, Cary Carrabine and Lee Fascetti , diligently pursued and completed 
other significant transactions for MEH totalling $1,252,584 for this 
quarter.  Richard Tomaski and Kevin Radous have spent endless amounts of time 
(and evenings/weekends) to ensure that MEH had a P&L to represent for the 
groups hard work and my many thanks extend to both.
Business Set-up - Tim Hermann, Roy Rodriguez, Paul Burgener, Gregg Penman, 
Kevin Radous, Richard Tomaksi, and Barbara Dillard have toiled diligently and 
continue to proceed in contracts/policy and procedures between PEC/ENA/PGL 
and third parties. Additional thanks are due to all groups within accounting, 
economics, and trading within PEC and ENA in support of this new business and 
we ask for your continued engagement.
Over the next month, we must get closure on the remaining requirements of 
running a tightly managed and successful business venture.  We must continue 
to take our ideas and strategies to financially successful commercial 
operation .  Momentum is now on our side 
Thanx,
Laura
FYI - action is required.
Delainey
Kevin Hannon@MUNICATIONS on 12/12/2000 06:00:02 PM
FYI
Kevin
=09winter_calvert@hotmail.com
=0912/12/00 02:43 PM
=09=09=20
Thanks for your consideration.
WC
WINTER O. CALVERT
920-1/2 Knox Street, Houston, TX  77007
713/880-3501
EXECUTIVE PROFILE
Fourteen successful years of executive, management, and technical experience=20
as Director of Project Development, Director of Engineering & Construction,=20
Program Manager, Chief Engineer, and Project Engineer.
Combine management talents with extensive technical knowledge of=20
construction for large projects.  Assisted in startup & commissioning of 23=20
power plants, worldwide.
Knowledgeable of international negotiation techniques and business=20
development.
Successfully negotiate the details of complex projects.
Thoroughly experienced in hand-picking project team members.
EXPERIENCE
MCN Energy, Houston, TX         04/98 =01) 07/00
DIRECTOR, PROJECT DEVELOPMENT
Lead all Southern U.S. project development activities for power projects,=20
including ties to corporate gas sales and energy marketing division.
o   Team leader to financial close =01) U.S. power project =01) 140 MW.
o   Negotiated EPC (engineering & construction) contracts for two
U.S. projects.
o   Asset Director for 2 U.S. projects under construction.
o   Extensive business contacts in industry, including developers,
manufacturers, & consultants.
Amoco Power, Houston, TX      07/96 =01) 04/98
DIRECTOR, ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION
Team member/leader for technical and commercial negotiations for power=20
projects of 100 to 1500 MW.
o   Lead all engineering efforts for development projects in:
-   Brazil      -   Bolivia
-   Venezuela   -   Russia
-   Argentina   -   Puerto Rico
o   Developed familiarity with country laws and regulations
concerning power generation assets.
o   Co-author of book on Cogeneration Management.
o   Participated on Task Force to develop worldwide markets for LNG
and NGLs.
GE (S & S Energy Products), Houston, TX         12/91 - 07/96
PROGRAM MANAGER
o   Managed technical support team for sale of GE gas turbines in
Sales Group.
o   Delivered sales presentations; prepared proposals; worked
closely with manufacturers.
o   Extensive international travel.
LEAD MECHANICAL ENGINEER
o   Assisted in startup and commissioning of 23 power plants,
worldwide.
EDUCATION
Stanford University,  Stanford, CA
Master of Science Degree / Mechanical Engineering  -  1986
Texas A & M University,  College Station, TX
Bachelor of Science Degree / Aerospace Engineering  -  1984
Rice University,  Houston, TX
Executive Development Program  -  1997
Licensure:  Registered Professional Engineer, State of Texas
Member:  American Management Association
Shawn, go ahead and give Dave a call to discuss strategy, resources and 
approach.
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
11/29/2000 08:32 AM
Dave,
I'd love to get together with Dave to get to know him.
Let me know when I should contact him after you've briefed him.
Shawn
David W Delainey@ECT
11/28/2000 09:12 PM
Shawn, if you are in - I would like you to work with Dave Duran on this 
item.  He currently manages the ENA IPP group and the QF Restructuring Group. 
I would like to manage this under Dave and your leadership.  He has created a 
lot of businesses and value in ENA over the years and can help.
Let me know
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
11/27/2000 04:51 PM
Dave:
and patience today.
For now, I'll park the theoretical and focus on the practical.  (we can pick 
up the other topics later over beers sometime)
I completely agree that the US coal-genco business can offer a huge near-term 
win for those that move swiftly.
Thanks for offering me the shot to capitalize on it.
Shawn
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Due to a conflict with Dave and Mark's calendars I need move the East 
Midstream QBR to Monday August 14, 2000.
Date:  August 14, 2000
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  East Midstream QBR
Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. I am extremely apologetic for 
any inconvenience this may have caused. 
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Due to a conflict with Dave and Mark's calendars I need move the East 
Midstream QBR to Monday August 14, 2000.
Date:  August 14, 2000
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  East Midstream QBR
Please mark your calendar and plan to attend. I am extremely apologetic for 
any inconvenience this may have caused. 
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held August 2, 2000 at the 
River Oaks Grill:
DATE:   August 2, 2000
PLACE:   The Wine Room
River Oaks Grill
2630 Westheimer
713/520-1738
TIME:    6:30 PM
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3X0643) or 
Beverly (5X7857).
I will look forward to seeing you there.
John J Lavorato@
07/11/2000 10:18 AM
Call me Lavo.
Sounds great!!
Delainey
John J Lavorato@
07/11/2000 10:21 AM
Dave
It looks like we hit a home run.
George Hopley
07/11/2000 09:47 AM
Ontario Power Generation and Bruce Power announce leasing agreement at Bruce 
Nuclear 
KINCARDINE, ON, July 11 /CNW-PRN/ - Ontario Power Generation (OPG) today
announced it has entered into a major agreement with Bruce Power Partnership
relating to the facilities at the Bruce nuclear site. Bruce Power is 95% owned
by British Energy plc. The transaction provides an opportunity for the two
main unions, the Power Workers' Union and The Society of Energy Professionals
on the Bruce site, to subscribe to 5% of the equity.
This public/private partnership involves a long-term lease agreement for
the Bruce A (3076 MW-currently in lay-up), and Bruce B (3140 MW) facilities.
The lease runs until 2018, with an option to extend for up to another 25
years. OPG will receive an initial payment of $625 M to be made in three
installments. A first payment of $400 M will be made on closing subject to
normal closing adjustments. The remaining $225 M will be paid in two
installments of $112.5 M each.
Bruce Power's annual payments include base and variable elements. The
variable elements include a share of the net revenue, and supplementary
payments for the management of used fuel. In total these payments are
estimated to be about $150 M in calendar year 2002.
Bruce Power will offer employment to all employees at the Bruce site,
other than those being retained by OPG. Employees remaining with OPG include
those that provide waste management and centralized nuclear operations support
services. The agreement is expected to close, subject to Bruce Power obtaining
the necessary licences, in the summer of 2001.
"Today's announcement is good news for employees, the community, the
electricity consumer and the shareholder" stated Ron Osborne, OPG President
and CEO. "This agreement injects private equity into the Bruce facilities
which in turn will provide new opportunities for employees and the community.
It is also a major step towards opening the Ontario electricity marketplace to
competition and providing electricity consumers with choice." Osborne noted
that an additional benefit of the agreement allows OPG to concentrate on
accelerating the performance improvements underway at its Darlington and
Pickering nuclear facilities while the new company focuses on the Bruce.
Nuclear safety continues to be of paramount importance for Ontario Power
Generation, and safety has been a key tenet for British Energy. Both companies
are committed to ensuring high safety performance standards.
"We are delighted to be announcing the creation of a new company. Bruce
Power will demonstrate that safety and commercial success go hand in hand,"
said Robin Jeffrey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of British Energy
Canada Ltd. "We have a high regard for CANDU technology and for the skill of
the staff at Bruce. We are confident that by working with the staff and the
unions, Bruce Power can achieve world class safety and commercial
performance."
To reduce its market dominance, OPG is required by conditions in its
operating licence granted by the Ontario Energy Board (OEB), to reduce its
share of generating capacity to no more than 35 per cent of that available to
the province 10 years after the market opens.
British Energy was selected following an extensive worldwide competitive
process over the last two years. They have significant operating experience
and a proven safety track record with a range of nuclear reactor types.
To close the transaction, Bruce Power will be required to secure licences
from the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC) and the Ontario Energy
Board. Bruce Power will be required to follow the stringent licensing and
operating requirements established by CNSC, formerly the Atomic Energy Control
Board.
Ontario Power Generation is a major North American electricity generating
company. OPG's principal business is the generation and sale of electricity to
consumers in Ontario and into the interconnected markets. OPG's goal is to be
a premier North American energy company, focused on low-cost power generation
and wholesale energy sales, while operating in a safe, open and
environmentally responsible manner.
British Energy PLC is the UK's largest electricity generator. British
Energy owns and operates 15 reactors in the UK and a further two in the United
States through its joint venture, AmerGen. British Energy's goal is to be a
worldwide electricity leader building on its "Safety First" culture and track
record of commercial success.
BACKGROUNDER INDEX
Safety:
1.  OPG'S COMMITMENT TO NUCLEAR SAFETY
2.  BRUCE NUCLEAR - SAFETY IS NUMBER ONE
3.  INFORMATION ON CANDU REACTORS
4.  EMERGENCY PLANNING IN ONTARIO
Financial:
5.  OPG/BRUCE POWER LEASE AGREEMENT
6.  NUCLEAR USED FUEL, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND
DECOMMISSIONING
7.  CHRONOLOGY OF THE PUBLIC/PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP PROCESS
Employees:
8.  WHAT HAPPENS TO EMPLOYEES
Transition:
9.  REDUCING MARKET DOMINANCE
10. TRANSITION ARRANGEMENTS
11. NEXT STEPS
General.
12. ONTARIO POWER GENERATION
13. QUICK FACTS ON BRUCE NUCLEAR POWER DEVELOPMENT
SOURCE Ontario Power Generation Inc.
I agree with Jeff - we need to have a more concrete plan and capability. Let 
me know what you want me to do.
Delainey
I think it's time to review our disaster plan with respect to trading as we 
enter hurrincane season.  As I understand, there is no real cohesive plan, or 
course of action.  We could think about the Chicago office as an evacuation 
site for redundant trading, etc. This issue affects all businesses, and Sally 
and I have been talking about this problem.  John, should I get in touch with 
Phillippe or do anything else? 
Jeff
Jeff, what exactly do you want Craig going to be doing?  Please forward a job 
scope for Jen and Craig.  Then I will speak with Max if appropriate. I 
apologize but we have spoken about a lot of different scopes - it would be 
helpful to start from a scope on a piece of paper that we both agree upon Just e-mail.  Thanks Jeff.
Delainey
One thing I forgot to mention is that if we do give Mexico mid market to 
Craig, we need to set up the organization out of Houston, (I think).  Max has 
been interviewing candidates for mid market positions there, and I would like 
those guys to report to Craig.  Is Max with us?  Jeff
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
Please join us for one of the Executive Breakfasts at DePelchin Children=01,s=20
Center, our adopted agency for this year and one of the more than 80=20
community organizations supported by the United Way of the Texas Gulf Coast. =20
The Executive Breakfasts will focus on our 2000 campaign.  To reach our goal=20
of  $2,310,000, it will take the active leadership and support of each of=20
you. We look forward to seeing all of you at one of the breakfasts.=20
Event:  Executive Breakfast
Date:  Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton)
or
Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling)
Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m.
Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center
100 Sandman (close to Memorial and Shepherd intersection)
=20
Transportation: Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street side)=20
promptly at 7:30 a.m.
NOTE: Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited onsite parking.=20
However, if you should need to drive, a map will be provided.
Please R.S.V.P. no later than Wednesday, July 26 to confirm your attendance=20
and bus transportation to Jessica Nunez=20
at 853-1918.
Guys, this is the real deal - we need to be ahead of this 
How are we making out on acquiring brownfield sites and formulating a 
strategy?
Delainey
Daniel Reck
07/10/2000 06:03 PM
FYI
=DJ Pricey Natural Gas May Alter New US Power Plant Options
HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--High natural gas prices could slow the stampede to
build
as much as 140,000 megawatts of new electric generation across the U.S. and
give
new coal technology the boost it needs to compete economically with gas in
the
future.
While market observers say the recent level of the price of natural gas -
above $4.00 per million British thermal unit since late May - may not be
sustainable, many expect gas to remain above $3.00/MMBtu for the foreseeable
future.
The jump in gas prices is blamed on a number of factors, from increased
demand
to fuel new power plants to stagnant U.S. gas production and a lack of
available
gas reserves in storage.
Pricier gas could create a variety of effects on future electric
generation:
from damping interest in building some new gas-fired plants to improving
economic prospects for investment to upgrade or build new coal-fired plants.
Current gas prices are off the chart when compared to existing forecasts
from
the Energy Information Institute, part of the U.S. Department of Energy. EIA
projects the average U.S. wellhead price of gas will only rise to
$2.81/MMBtu by
2020, up from an average of $1.96/MMBtu in 1998, a jump of 43%. EIA predicts
coal prices will fall by 28% during the same period.
Continued high natural gas prices may mean some proposed combined-cycle
gas
plants are never built, predicts a Midwest utility coal buyer. "It's awfully
hard for a combined-cycle gas plant to compete with coal. No way they can do
it
at these prices."
However, a recent report from Raymond James and Associates Inc., concluded
that gas-fired generation will still be economical this summer even if gas
prices climb above $7.00/MMBtu because of high power prices in most regional
US
wholesale markets.
Future Gas Supply Questioned; Coal Won't 'Go Away'
"The gas turbine generation trend is not over, not by a long shot," said
the
Raymond James report. "Gas turbines use gas more efficiently than the
nation's
fleet of older, conventional boiler-driven generators that are fired by gas.
The
efficiency gains enabled by gas turbine generation will be more valuable as
gas
prices rise."
While gas-fired plants are much cheaper and quicker to build than
traditional
coal-fired plants, many industry observers doubt that U.S. gas supply can
grow
to meet future demand, expected to reach 30 trillion cubic feet or more per
year
by 2020.
"Coal will not go away," said Steve Bergstrom, president of Dynegy Inc.
(DYN).
"The coal industry will figure it out. There are too many jobs involved and
it's
too cheap."
Bergstrom expects the rapidly expanding appetite for electricity across
the
U.S., which is growing 3% per year, will require additional generation from
many
fuel sources.
"You'll see gas will be used in most of the additional generation for the
next
four to five years," he predicted. "In the latter half of the decade, you'll
see
other alternatives, like coal, come into play. Technology will create
changes."
Even some independent power producers who are rushing to build gas-fired
power
plants in the U.S. admit the recent price of gas, if prolonged, is a threat.
Bob Kelly, Calpine Corp.'s (CPN) senior vice president, said his firm's
fleet
of 40,000 MW of highly efficient natural gas plants to be in place by 2004
will
be profitable even with gas at $4.00/MMBtu, but he expects owners of
coal-fired
plants to make additional capital investment to keep those plants running as
well.
"If gas stays $4.00 forever, you'll see more coal plants. It will make
sense
to put scrubbers on," said Kelly.
Southern Co. Evaluating Coal-to-Gas Technology
Gas has to compete on price with other available fuel, agreed Bob Carter,
chairman of Panda Energy International. Carter told Dow Jones Newswires late
last month that the idea of new coal-fired generation is "very possible."
In fact, the jump in gas prices has given a boost to Southern Co.'s (SO)
effort to build a first-of-its-kind coal plant that seeks to be cost and
environmentally competitive with natural gas, said Charles H. Goodman,
Southern
Co.'s vice president for research and environmental affairs.
Southern, with major DOE funding, recently announced a major advance in
its
effort to utilize coal in a more efficient and less polluting fashion to
generate electricity.
The new process combines use of a "transport reactor," a device based on
existing technology used to "crack" crude oil into lighter products, to turn
coal into a gas which is then burned in a combustion turbine much like
natural
gas.
In its gaseous form, coal can be cleaned of many of its pollutant-forming
impurities such as sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and particulate matter,
Goodman said.
The key to the technology is the ability to burn the coal gas in a highly
efficient gas turbine rather than burning it to make steam to turn a
turbine, he
added.
The new technology can produce 100 megawatts of power with two-thirds less
coal than a traditional boiler-type coal generator, said Goodman.
And higher natural gas prices could move this technology closer to a
reality.
"The urgency of getting on with this (coal technology) is the forecast for
gas
prices," said Goodman. "At $2.50/MMBtu, it's a bigger stretch for this coal
plant (to compete with gas) than at $3.00 or $3.50/MMBtu."
New Coal Technology May Also Address Emissions
Goodman said Southern hopes to make a decision in the second half of 2001
on
whether to build a commercial power plant with the coal gasification
technology
now being tested at Southern's Power Systems Development Facility in
Wilsonville, Ala.
If gas prices stay high or remain volatile, Goodman said that will
influence
the timing, size and other variables associated with building the first
full-size plant to burn coal gas in this manner.
"The $64 question is the price of gas," said Goodman. If gas is cheap and
plentiful, utilities will have a harder time investing in coal technology,
he
said.
But because the U.S. has abundant coal resources, Goodman predicts the
coal-to-gas technology could eventually be used not only for new plants but
to
repower existing coal plants in a way that addresses air quality concern.
Other partners in the Power Systems Development Facility include the
Electric
Power Research Institute, Foster Wheeler Corp. (FWC), Halliburton's Kellogg
Brown & Root (HAL), Peabody Group, Combustion Power Corp. and
Siemens-Westinghouse Power.
-By Eileen O'Grady, Dow Jones Newswires; 713-547-9213;
eileen.ogrady@dowjones.com  
(END) DOW JONES NEWS  07-10-00
04:22 PM
- - 04 22 PM EDT 07-10-00
:TICKER: CPN DYN FWC HAL SO
:SUBJECT: CNHV EUTL OILO OILE CA GA NJ TX COMM INDG
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Thank you for your prompt response.  I have arranged the following time and 
date for the East Midstream QBR:
Date:  August 16, 2000
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  East Midstream QBR
Please mark your calendar and plan to attend.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Rob can you give Om a call.
Delainey
John J Lavorato@
11/29/2000 09:24 AM
Isn't this our world 
John
Om Bhatia
11/28/2000 04:53 PM
Northland Power (a power plant operator) from Toronto has joined hand with 
Nepco to build a large cogen plant in BC with possible power off-take 
agreement for US Pacific NW (Washington/Oregon). Northland power asked me if 
Enron would be interested to quote indicative prices for this project. Would 
you please advise me with who is responsible for this kind of projects? 
Thanks for your help.
-Om Bhatia
EIM - Pulp & Paper  
The following meeting has been arranged.  Please note your calenders and plan 
to attend.
Date:  August 15,  2000
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  Industrial QBR
Thanks
Kay 3-0643
Thank you for your prompt response.  I have arranged the following time and 
date for the East Midstream QBR:
Date:  August 16, 2000
Time:  1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Location: 3321
Topic:  East Midstream QBR
Please mark your calendar and plan to attend.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Dave and Mark asked me to set up a three (3) hour meeting regarding 
Industrial QBR.  Would August 15th, from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm work for everyone?
If so, please mark your calendar and RSVP to Kay Chapman 
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Kay, why are we waiting to the end of August!!
Delainey
Kay,
John is planning on vacation the last week in August.  All other dates are 
good.
k
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Dave and Mark  would like to have a three (3) hour meeting regarding QBR and 
they have the following dates available.  Could you please let me know your 
availability  for these dates ?
August   15 -  Tuesday
August    16 -  Wednesday
August    17 -  Thursday
August    18 -   Friday
August     21 - Monday
August     22 - Tuesday
August     23 - Wednesday
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Dave and Mark  would like to have a three (3) hour meeting regarding QBR and 
they have the following dates available.  Could you please let me know your 
availability  for these dates ?
August   15 -  Tuesday
August    16 -  Wednesday
August    17 -  Thursday
August    18 -   Friday
August     21 - Monday
August     22 - Tuesday
August     23 - Wednesday
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Jeff, have you finalized how Jenn and Craig will split out the industrial 
segments? They should also come up with their business plans and a reporting 
matrix similar to what you are doing with the desks.  How are you making out 
at the desk level in implementing our previous discussions with Scott and the 
remainder of the desks?
Delainey
Craig Breslau
07/09/2000 11:36 PM
Dave,
I wanted to let you know that I really appreciate you taking the time out of 
your very busy shedule to meet with me.  It means a lot to me that you showed 
the level of interest that you did.  I went over the attached documents with 
Jeff and Fred last Wednesday and thought that I should send you a copy to 
update you on where the industrial middle marketing group stands at mid-year. 
I am wrapping up the business plan and strategy that you asked me to 
prepare.  I would still like to meet with you (as well as whomever else you 
decide) at your convenience to review.  I will check with Kay on your 
availability 
,
Craig 
Ronnie, this sounds like good news. 
I think the project team managed the #1 turbine problem heroically.
Talk to you soon.
Delainey
Ronnie and Russell,
Attached find a revised financial model for the Doyle project.  The model 
contains the changes that have occurred since this model was last updated in 
the Fall of 1999.  While the model is lengthy, I will summarize the major 
differences in the project.
1).  Capital Cost Increases:
The project capital cost has increased from the original plan.  The increases 
are dur to the following changes from our initial budget:
a) Planned purchase of the neighbor's house  $   140,000
b) Added cost of the sewer line    $      59,000
c) Output bonus on the PDA for max 5 MW   $1,725,000
d) IDC increase from increase in interest rates  $   574,000
Total       $2,498,000
2).  Total Output change from 342 MW to 351.6 MW.  This assumes that unit 1 
will test at 62.2 MW. (the same as units 2 & 3)
3).  Project Net Value Increases due to Output Increase:
Impact of the added plant output is very positive.  It increases cashflow and 
debt service coverage.  The net increase to Walton is an additional 
$2,568,000 in value.  Walton's NPV increased from $5,281,000 to $7,849,000 This NPV includes Walton's project returns, the cost of interest on equity, 
the cost and recovery of LTCTs, and the asset management fee.
If you have any question, please call.
Clay
Rick , good result in California so far -  what is the status of our plan for 
New England ICAP issues?
Delainey
Please see the attached update from Richard S. Shapiro, Managing Director, 
Government Affairs-The Americas.
Eric, this looks good.
Delainey
Eric Thode@
07/07/2000 03:40 PM
Dave 
Attached is the memo we discussed regarding the ENA Events (both customer and 
employee) and the Approval Form.  Please review and provide any comments at 
your earliest convenience.  Once you have approved it, I will have it 
delivered to all ENA employees via e-mail as a memo from the Office of the 
Chairman 
If you have any questions, call me at ext. 3-9053.  Thanks.
Eric
William Gehle Jr@_DEVELOPMENT
07/07/2000 03:46 PM
David 
I am the designated PRC Representative for Heather Alon, and I would like to 
schedule a meeting with you to discuss Heather's performance.  I would also 
like to meet Heather personally, either together with you or separately as 
best suits yourselves..
My schedule the week of July 10th is quite open, would you please use the 
Lotus Notes calendar to set up an appointment with me at your convenience 
during the week.
I look forward to meeting you both.
Thanks and 
Chip Gehle
Shawn, if you are in - I would like you to work with Dave Duran on this 
item.  He currently manages the ENA IPP group and the QF Restructuring Group. 
I would like to manage this under Dave and your leadership.  He has created a 
lot of businesses and value in ENA over the years and can help.
Let me know
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
11/27/2000 04:51 PM
Dave:
and patience today.
For now, I'll park the theoretical and focus on the practical.  (we can pick 
up the other topics later over beers sometime)
I completely agree that the US coal-genco business can offer a huge near-term 
win for those that move swiftly.
Thanks for offering me the shot to capitalize on it.
Shawn
Mike, I want to see the final costs before determining.  My understanding is 
that there is still significant expenses outstanding.
Delainey
Mike J Miller
07/06/2000 04:29 PM
EE&CC has forwarded the peaker fee ($9.1 MM) invoice to ENA (see at bottom I have sent a return e-mail to Gavin Gaul and John Normand explaining that 
final approval of this invoice will be from you.  Amy and I are waiting for a 
better breakdown of overhead charges on acceleration change orders.  Once we 
have the overhead issue framed out, I would then battle the fee, especially 
on Wilton Center, on a packaged basis with the overhead charges.
As per the Wilton Center fee, I reviewed all of the e-mail rhetoric regarding 
who is to blame for the massive construction cost overruns.  EECC/NEPCO's 
cupbability lies in their insistance from day one that Wilton Center could 
and would be built non-union.  It was only after ENA forced the decision in 
late June 1999 to build the job union (to avoid air permit intervention) that 
EECC/NEPCO even began to deal with how to build the job in a union 
environment.  Even at that point, EECC/NEPCO would not move off of building 
the job on a cost reimbursable basis and did not properly consider other 
alternatives such as fixed unit pricing (fixed price per unit quantity 
installed).  EECC/NEPCO claimed that they did not have enough time to 
negotiate with the unionsor pursue other options.  However, because of their 
insistance to go non-union, they precluded the ability to negotiate until the 
decision to go union was made.  According to our labor experts, breaking off 
union site negotiations and building non-union is worse than just going 
non-union from the start.  In any event, if you need more detail on this 
subject prior to discussing the fee with Larry Izzo, please let me know and I 
will summarize the key points.
I will continue to work with Amy Spoede to tie down the remaining cost and 
overhead issues.  If you need me to do anything else, please let me know.
,
Mike Miller
Gavin Gaul@_DEVELOPMENT
07/05/2000 05:34 PM
Amy,
Attached is the invoice for the 2000 Peaker fee.  All punchlist items should 
be completed next week, weather permitting.
Gavin
Robert Miesen
06/30/2000 11:59 AM
Gavin,
Attached below is Nepco's invoice for the 2000 Peakers fee.  If you approve, 
please forward to Amy Spoede (formerly Copeland).
Thanks,
Rob
Rickg@nepco.com on 06/30/2000 10:29:38 AM
Rob
Attached is the invoice for the Fee for the Peakers.
- Peakers-Fee.PDF
Mark, noted - early in the process.
delainey
kay please schedule
delainey
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
Please join us for the Alexis de Toqueville Breakfast at DePelchin Children=01,s=20
Center, our adopted agency for this year and one of the more than 80=20
community organizations supported by the United Way of the Texas Gulf Coast. =20
The Alexis de Toqueville Breakfast will focus on our 2000 campaign.  To reach=20
our goal of  $2,310,000, it will take the active leadership and support of=20
all the Alexis de Toqueville members. We look forward to seeing all of you at=20
the breakfast. =20
Event:  Alexis de Toqueville Breakfast
Date:  Monday, July 24, 2000
Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m.
Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center
100 Sandman (close to Memorial and Shepherd intersection)
=20
Transportation: Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street side)=20
promptly at 7:30 a.m.
NOTE: Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited onsite parking.=20
However, if you should need to drive, a map will be provided.
Please R.S.V.P. no later than Friday, July 14 to confirm your attendance and=20
bus transportation to Kathy Mayfield=20
at 853-3264.
Waiting for the number and rationale.  I will get back to you shortly.
Delainey
Steve, please provide me a reasonable offer on the C-Gas asset.  Please 
provide rationale for economics.  As per our earlier discussion.
Delainey
THERE will NOT be a Friday Meeting July 7, 2000.
Date:  Friday July 7, 2000
Time: 
Location  
Topic:    NO MEETING DUE TO PRC
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Guys, as a follow up to our meeting today, I thought I would put together a 
list of deliverables agreed to in the meeting.  The goal would be to have a 
definitive strategy for HPL and storage assets by the end of July that could 
be acted upon.
a) Elimination of the Entex contract - current value - John L.;
b) Storage value algorithm incorporating spread values, increasing intra-day 
and monthly volatility and blowdown values - Jean M, John L, Jim S.;
c) Storage acquisition targets and issues surrounding value/execution - top 
5 to 10 for blowdown and tarantula strategy - Jean M, Julie G.;
d) Structure, value, cost and issues surrounding Bammel "header" - Jean M.;
e) Project Torque - definitive balance sheet, income statement and 
contribution margin statement for HPL - Wes C.;
f) Establish viability of selling HPL assets - small private placement working with Lehman to finalize value, exection risk, timing, structure et al 
- Patrick   W.
I would like this group to get back together in the fourth week of July to 
determine a final action plan.
Delainey
Max, congrats on the Decero PPA - we need to wrestle up another 100 to 200 
MW.  This should be a priority given the profit potential of this deal as per 
Oz and Doug (+50M in 2000).  Is there an ability to let Sabine or Irvin run 
with Vitro and get your attention on this item asap.  I know that the 
Monterrey project is eating into your time.  Do we need to augment your 
resources?
On a different note, the current Monterrey control budget is showing a $5.3M 
negative variance from the original control budget.  Is this accurate?  Does 
this reduce the profitability or is it absorbed by the PPA's?
Delainey
Kay please forward to Max Yzaguirre.
Max, congrats on the Decero PPA - we need to wrestle up another 100 to 200 
MW.  This should be a priority given the profit potential of this deal as per 
Oz and Doug (+50M in 2000).  Is there an ability to let Sabine or Irvin run 
with Vitro and get your attention on this item asap.  I know that the 
Monterrey project is eating into your time.  Do we need to augment your 
resources?
On a different note, the current Monterrey control budget is showing a $5.3M 
negative variance from the original control budget.  Is this accurate?  Does 
this reduce the profitability or is it absorbed by the PPA's?
Delainey
Tracy L Arthur
06/30/2000 05:58 PM
SAVE THE DATE 
The Analyst Program will be hosting a reception to welcome the new Analysts -
WHEN: Monday, July 17 
TIME:  5:30  p.m. - 7:30 p.m.
PLACE: Doubletree - Allen Center
LaSalle Ballroom
Please mark your calendar!  More details to come soon 
Tracy Arthur
Communication Specialist
Associate & Analyst Program
x5-7853
Guys, there is quite a number of us dealing with this problem - what are our 
solutions?
Could we have a corporate jet available for folks stuck in the A&A PRC? Other?
Delainey
Sorry that my arrangements with Jana G. in the Associates Program to change 
the date of the Associates PRC were over-ruled by Charlene.  I had agreed 
with Jana that swapping the dates of the Analysts and Associates PRC meetings 
was a great solution.  Despite the fact that the program had not checked with 
us as PRC reps to see if December 13 was a convenient date, Charlene 
developed an interesting concern over potentially inconveniencing the 
directors who are PRC reps for the Analyst PRC.  And I see that you were 
drafted into facilitating the whole meeting 
I am scheduled on the 5:35 flight from IAH to Las Vegas on the afternoon of 
the 13th.  I would have to leave downtown by 4:15 to make that flight.  I 
have been asked to confirm those flight arrangements so that a ticket can be 
issued.  Since you will be in charge, will this flight time work?  --Sally 
Scott, sounds great!! Can't wait for the next one.
Delainey
Following is the agenda for the July 7 ENA PRC meeting at the  Doubletree 
Hotel, Granger B room:
8:00-9:00am    Talent Discussion
9:00-9:30am    Review Performance Distribution below Vice President 
9:30-10:00     Review promotion recommendations, Manager and above only 
10:00am-??   Preview Vice Presidents as follows (all are to  be preranked):
Technical
Specialized Technical
Commercial Support
Commercial
Please feel free to contact Cindy Skinner, X30693 or David Oxley, X33557 
regarding any questions.
NO STAFF MEETING TODAY, JUNE 30, 2000
HAPPY  HOLIDAY
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will NOT be a Friday Meeting June 30, 2000.
Date:  Friday June 30, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1  
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Mary, I'm just curious why you need that info but it is 0 outside Enron comp 
plans.
Delainey
This is a reminder !!!  If you haven't taken the time to update your GIS 
information, please do so.  It is essential that this function be performed 
as soon as possible. Please read the following memo sent to you a few days 
ago and if you have any questions regarding this request, please feel free to 
call Ted Bland @ 3-5275.
With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees 
between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to 
have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee 
data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the 
year-end Global VP/MD Performance Review Process, the  Enron VP/MD PRC 
requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their 
profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education 
need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is 
accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to 
hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com 
on the command line of your browser.
The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would 
like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned 
for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please 
contact Kathy Schultea at x33841 
Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated 
Thanks,
Dave
Jim, I agree - lets put a plan in place to ensure appropriate representation 
at these ISO's (not unlike PAC) and ensure that FERC is not abdicating their 
responsibilities.
The three of us probably need to get together and discuss tactics around a 
number of issues 
Jim, I am also curious where you are in your thoughts and plans given your 
new role.
Delainey
James D Steffes@EES
06/29/2000 04:06 PM
Dave 
To your direct question of should Enron take a more active role in supporting 
or nominating Board members, I agree fully.
I would add the following thoughts:
First, I think that Enron's key position in terms of ISO / RTO governance 
should be that Boards (or the leadership and staff of transmission providers) 
should be indifferent to the price at which the commodity trades.  ISOs and 
RTOs should only worry about transmission, not the price of the commodity 
they are transmitting.   Winning on this issue will be critical as RTOs are 
proposed throughout the country to meet Order 2000 obligations 
Also, Enron needs to really go after FERC for abdicating its wholesale market 
authority to ISOs, especially ISOs like in California that are dominated by 
state political figures.  FERC is responsible for ensuring just and 
reasonable rates, not some stakeholder Board established by state 
legislation.  We need to argue strongly that FERC must take back this 
authority in the near term and utilize its administrative procedures to 
impose any market changes 
Finally, given that it will be some period of time before there is truly a 
"financially indifferent" transmission provider under Order 2000, Enron must 
take an active role in working within and through the Boards of the current 
ISOs.   A good example is the way that Dan Allegretti works within the 
NE-ISO.  These Boards and the ISOs are fundamentally political 
organizations.  Our representatives must take the time to get to know the 
people so that when key issues arise, we are able to influence the decisions.
Thanks, 
Jim
David W Delainey@ECT
06/29/2000 12:22 PM
Guys, good job with the California issues - we didn't get everything but we 
managed the position in a very effective manner.
Jim, given our view to support the growth of the ISO structures as a 
necessary evil and given the socio-political leaning of these entities, 
should we be more actively or aggressively supporting or nominating directors 
on these boards?
Jim/Rick, we need a full court press on this NEPool ICAP issue - Allegretti 
is putting plan in place.
Delainey
Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in 
this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers 
through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has 
in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting 
signed up.
Delainey
David W Delainey
06/29/2000 12:48 PM
Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in 
this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers 
through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has 
in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting 
signed up.
Delainey
David W Delainey
06/29/2000 12:48 PM
Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in 
this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers 
through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has 
in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting 
signed up.
Delainey
Enron de Mexico
FYI, the DeAcero PPA was signed by David Gutierrez this evening.  Thanks to 
each of you for all of the hard work and creativity so far - it's been a 
pleasure working with this team and I look forward to continuing to do so as 
we fill up the rest of the interconnect.
- Max
Ed, sounds like you have this handled - I would like to use your report as 
the example to use in other groups.  It can wait until you have it all 
completed.  You may want to think about EOL as well (ie) how many companies 
have you brought on-line, etc.
summary:
- coverage metrics;
- market iniatives;
- completed deals;
- hot list;
- EOL metrics.
Thxs
Delainey
Dave:
I want to be sure I am on the right track for providing you ,John and Kevin 
with meaningful account coverage data. I envision a one page 
summary that provides you with a monthly and quarterly sub-region coverage 
ratio. I propose that the quarterly coverage standard be set 
at 100%. The monthly coverage standard would be at least 50%. These standards 
would drive consistent, ongoing coverage of commercially 
active customers. Less active or inactive customers would be contacted at 
least once a quarter to determine status changes and propose 
product structures. This reporting format would also place emphasis on each 
commercial team's coverage effectiveness or lack thereof.  I will 
derive this summary from a master customer list that will show contact dates 
and specific comments on customer status. I anticipate this master 
list to be 20-25 pages. I propose to provide you a copy of the master list 
quarterly in order to corroborate the monthly summary. Do my proposed 
coverage standards and reporting format meet your expectations?
In addition, I have asked my commercial teams to prepare regional business 
plans by July 12. A primary component of these plans will be
identification of major new business initiatives by sub-region. Tammy 
Shepperd asked me to provide you with an initial report this week. I 
don't want to provide you with something "half-baked".  Is it acceptable to 
allow my commercial teams to complete their plans then provide
you with our suggested initiatives by July 13 
Finally, I have provided Tammy with reports on 1st/2nd quarter completed 
transactions plus a deal flow "hot list 
Sorry for being verbose. Please advise. 
Thanks,     Ed
Guys, what is the contingency plan to manage these outages in the event we 
can't manage this as effectively in future situations?
Delainey
David W Delainey
06/29/2000 12:25 PM
Guys, your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with 
very few material effects to the organization.  It is noticed and appreciated 
please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate.
Delainey
Guys, your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with 
very few material effects to the organization.  It is noticed and appreciated 
please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate.
Delainey
Guys, good job with the California issues - we didn't get everything but we 
managed the position in a very effective manner.
Jim, given our view to support the growth of the ISO structures as a 
necessary evil and given the socio-political leaning of these entities, 
should we be more actively or aggressively supporting or nominating directors 
on these boards?
Jim/Rick, we need a full court press on this NEPool ICAP issue - Allegretti 
is putting plan in place.
Delainey
Nella, sorry to see you go; however, best of luck in all your future 
endeavours.
Delainey
It is with great regret that I announce that Nella has resigned from Enron 
Canada effective July 14th.  Nella has been with Enron Canada for 61/2 years, 
including many of the formative years 
Nella has been an extraordinarily valuable asset to Enron Canada and she will 
be greatly missed.  Frankly, for all Nella has done for Enron Canada, and the 
dedication, commitment and sincerity with which she has done it, she cannot 
be replaced.  Nella has been instrumental in the development and ongoing 
maintenance and administration of our contracting forms, precedent systems, 
confirmation letters, contracting files, contract diarization and data base 
systems,  and has had significant input on the development and/or 
implementation of key corporate and managerial policies and controls 
More importantly, Nella always appreciated that, because of the nature of our 
business, our core assets are our contractual rights, and with much personal 
commitment, and often at much personal expense, Nella always endeavored to 
ensure that things not only got done, but that they got done properly and 
punctually.  I know that Linda, Greg, Mark and I (and many of you) will 
discover aspects of our jobs which we did not know existed because they were 
so capably and quietly looked after by Nella.
Most importantly, Nella had great personal commitment to do all she could 
within the limits of available resources to help us achieve our personal 
objectives at Enron Canada, whether or not realistic.  Many of us, in many 
cases without even knowing it, could not have achieved many of our own 
individual accomplishments at Enron Canada without Nella's commitment and 
dedication.
Nella will be missed, and I ask you to bear with us as we continue to try 
meet your requests until we are able to hire a suitable replacement.
, Peter.
Don, in my opinion options 1 & 2 are the same and 3 is not an option.  I 
would like to provide an outsourcing deal that earns us fees and provides 
information.  We will manage the internal issues.  A properly priced and 
scoped term outsourcing deal should be doable.  Please speak with Sally Beck 
and Beth Perleman.
Delainey
Don Miller
06/27/2000 07:16 PM
Dave,
We had a good meeting with Presto today.  We came away with a broad T&M 
outline.  One concern that Kevin raised is our ability to actually do a 
"services agreement" for the risk management and back offices aspect of 
NewCo.  Apparently, he said a number of issues have bubbled up recently with 
our systems in terms of manpower, age of system, and ability to take on 
additional load.  He said throwing on an incremental 4000-5000 MWs with NewCo 
may prove to be too much to handle.  He also raised the "confidentiality 
issue".  It is his view that NewCo should have this capability in-house 
anyway (obviously that was always the long term intent, with this services 
agreement more a bridge).
Several options exist.
1.  Force a 12-24 month services agreement through the system (solve our 
problems with more people, etc).
2.  Agree to set up NewCo's system using our unique expertise and experience. 
We would do this for a fee (say $15MM?).   One issue here is just NewCo's 
ability to get this done in conjunction with everything else in time to do 
IPO.
3. Investigate what type of system FPLe is using today.  Since we are not 
increasing net merchant MWs on day 1, FPLe's system could serve as the 
platform for future MW expansion.  Maybe Enron comes in and expands/redesigns 
system for a fee?  I believe that FPLe has just recently expanded/updated 
their system.  I would like to try to learn more about their system.
Let me know if you have a preference or any additional thoughts.  I think we 
can make money off of all three options.
Thanks,
Don
Guys, as per our discussion, I am assuming that the upstream group will 
provide gross margin (not including trading) of $30.7M net of the HPL 
compressor writedown of $3.0M.
Delainey
Brian Redmond
06/27/2000 06:45 PM
Wes,
Please clarify -  I think you were a few million off on the Upstream Plan 
#.   Per the weekly earnings estimate my gross margin plan numbers are as 
follows:
Q2 Plan  
Upstream Origination  $18.423  
HPL (non Texas Trading) $10.746
LRC    $   1.690
$30.859
Texas Trading   $   7.570 
Total Upstream Plan Q2: $38.429
David W Delainey
06/27/2000 02:44 PM
Guys, we are getting close to completing the quarter, the following gross 
margin is expected from each of these groups before the end of the week.  If 
there is any issue of any type please give me or Wes a call. If there are any 
upsides to these numbers please let us know as well.
East Origination  $1.000 M
West Origination $9.086 M (inclusive of all QF fair value)
Industrial (incl trading) $12.899 M
Generation Invest $45.350 M (including fair value and accretion on ECP)
ENA Upstream  $41.112 M (including Sithe earnings plus HPL, LRC and upstream 
origination)
Coal   $4.161 M
Canada  $11.50 M
Equity Portfolio  Current MPR for quarter ($26.786M) (large positions moves with market)
plus an additional writedown of ($279K) equivalent to $27.5 M less ECP 
and West QF earnings listed above minus $10M.
Delainey
Janet, thanks for the note -
I have you down for a firm incremental $3.875 M net to Enron.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
06/27/2000 07:29 PM
Dave, yes, I have upside on this week's East Midstream earnings.  Here's how 
it looks right now:
Great River Energy  $  875,000
Keyspan split              $4,000,000
Chicago Hub               $3,000,000
Total              $7,875,000
Yes, these earnings are real. GRE will be booked tomorrow (Ozzie is signing 
the contracts tonight), and Keyspan dollars will be finalized on Thursday. 
Chicago is really moving now. The Trunkline capacity is being executed today 
and tomorrow and will be booked tomorrow (@ $1,500,000 net to ENA), we traded 
out of 15 BCF of a storage hedge with the Utility and will recognize about 
$1,000,000 net to ENA tomorrow, and will take @ $500,000 to earnings from 
numerous other deals later this week. Let me know if you wish to discuss!!
Sorry about the confusion.  Fran Mayes will be sending a memo out in the next 
day or so reflecting the times of the PRC.  In order to accommodate Dave's 
meeting with all you and to include Mark Frevert we had to move the time of 
the PRC from 8:00 am to 11:00 am.  The ONLY thing changed was the time,
the date and place remain the same.
Again, I am sorry for the confusion and I hope this helps.  If you have any 
question, please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay
Greg, it is really up to you - if you have other things to do don't worry 
about it 
Delainey
Fran was the one asking me to go to the ENA Final VP PRC on the 7th since I 
had a few months of data on Rodney, Edward, Ajello and Burnett.  Also, Rodney 
and Edward were hoping I could attend ( I guess they think my attendance 
would help them not hurt them!).  I can attend if you want and give my Q1 
observations.  However, if you think you have it handled, that is OK for me 
as well.  I am not emotional about it either way and am only concerned about 
helping if you need it or want it.  That is why Kay asked you about it today.
Let me know your thoughts.
Thanks.
GP
Ken, in response to your note, I am not aware of any official dialogue with 
Mr. Kase Lawal about a potential sale of Mariner or with the economics of the 
aborted IPO.  His $250 M valuation may have been appropriate 12 to 18 months 
ago.  However, Mariner has enjoyed a series of successful wells that are 
expected to be booked in reserve reports next March not to mention 
significant increases in gas and oil prices.  Our current valuations, in the 
$600M range is a stretch target but not incredibly out of line given reserve 
growth and current energy prices.  Our current goal, is to be able to 
demonstrate three to four quarters of increasing operating cashflow and 
reserves growth before attempting a private sale mid next year to a 
significant E&P concern that desires an offshore division.  The 
concentration, operating and exploration risk implicit in Mariner make it a 
very poor IPO candidate ((ie) I'm not sure that an IPO was ever a viable 
strategy to maximize the exit value).
I would recommend that we not meet to make the following points:
a) Mariner is not on the market at this point in time and
b)  his un-solicited offer does not warrant serious attention.
Otherwise, we would be glad to speak to him in the future if we decide to 
sell tha asset.
I hope this meets with your approval.
Delainey
Guys, we are getting close to completing the quarter, the following gross 
margin is expected from each of these groups before the end of the week.  If 
there is any issue of any type please give me or Wes a call. If there are any 
upsides to these numbers please let us know as well.
East Origination  $1.000 M
West Origination $9.086 M (inclusive of all QF fair value)
Industrial (incl trading) $12.899 M
Generation Invest $45.350 M (including fair value and accretion on ECP)
ENA Upstream  $41.112 M (including Sithe earnings plus HPL, LRC and upstream 
origination)
Coal   $4.161 M
Canada  $11.50 M
Equity Portfolio  Current MPR for quarter ($26.786M) (large positions moves with market)
plus an additional writedown of ($279K) equivalent to $27.5 M less ECP 
and West QF earnings listed above minus $10M.
Delainey
Jeff, sounds great.
Delainey
We've launched another new hourly gas productfor July--Mon-Fri only super 
peak hours (1pm central time to 9pm central time) at HPL/ ship channel Brian Redmond and I (and our teams) are going to work to figure out how we 
can offter this product on other pipes through balancing arrangements etc We've gotten a call about this product already 
.  Jeff
With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees 
between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to 
have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee 
data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the 
year-end Global VP/MD Performance Review Process, the  Enron VP/MD PRC 
requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their 
profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education 
need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is 
accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to 
hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com 
on the command line of your browser.
The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would 
like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned 
for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please 
contact Kathy Schultea at x33841 
Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated 
Guys, we are set up for a meeting with the ENA Office of the Chairman to 
discuss ENA's generation strategy and iniatives for Thursday, July 6 th from 
7:30AM to 11:00 AM.  The purpose of the meeting is to get buy -off on the 
strategy and start the approval process (DASH and Board/Skilling) 
specifically for Moore, LV Cogen and Pastoria.
Proposed Agenda:
a) Overview
- overall map
- current turbine book
b) West:   Calger/Parquet
-  Pastoria - DASH and approvals;
- LV Cogen - DASH and approvals;
- Coyote Springs - one page update - fyi;
- PSCo - one page update - fyi;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in west - fyi and 
approvals;
c) Canada:  Milnthorp/LeDain
- Project Moore - DASH and approvals;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in Canada - fyi and 
approvals;
d) East:   Dietrich/Jacoby
- Austin Energy - one page update - fyi;
- Florida project - overall proposal - many pages necessary to get approval 
- fyi and approvals;
- LIPA - one page update - fyi;
- Linden 6 - one page update - fyi;
- other - few pages on future development strategy in east - fyi and 
approvals;
e) Mexico   Yzaguirre
- Monterrey project - couple page update - fyi;
f) Genco   Miller
- overview on "Genco" strategy - fyi.
Delainey
Thxs Greg
I filled out in the PEP system a performance review on Edward Ondarza and 
Rodney Malcolm and submitted them.  Let me know if you didn't get them or if 
you wish to discuss.
Thanks.
GP
Bill, how are we making out on the credit reviews for some of these customers 
where Fred has waived his objection?
Delainey
Sounds promising - keep it moving.
Delainey
Don Miller
06/26/2000 08:47 AM
We spent three days meeting with the FPL guys last week.  The meetings were 
productive, and we are making progress.  Lew has instructed these guys to get 
down into a lot of detail on the business plan/core competencies, which we 
did!
They also floated the valuation of their existing assets - $3.1B for 3947 MWs 
or $789/kW.  We walked them through our peaker valuation as well.  We didn't 
debate the valuations, but rather we decided to go ahead and have Clement and 
Jinsung try to pull together a consolidated model for NewCo.  That is being 
done, and should be ready Monday/Tuesday. 
It is apparent from these meetings that they are looking for ENRON to provide 
several key pieces to NewCo (other than peakers and dev. projects):
1. Enron culture and emphasis on intellectual capital (including HR approach).
2. Trading and marketing expertise.
3. Enron style finance.
4. Select management spots.
5. Supplement development team.
The interesting debate is how we get compensated for the significant impact 
that the Enron "halo" is going to have on NewCo's IPO ( particularly if we 
deliver the items listed above).  I raised this incremental value issue with 
them.
FPL's key pieces include:
1. Core "operating" competencies and asset management techniques.
2. Construction management techniques.
3.  Select management spots.
4.  National development team.
The FPL risk in this whole exercise is if Lew is unsuccessful in convincing 
Broadhead that owning some % of NewCo is not a better value proposition that 
owning 100% on FPLE; and/or the decision to wait until Florida deregulates 
before spinning out FPLE.  Glenn Smith stopped by last week and he 
highlighted these issues as well.
We have a lot of work to do this week including a need to determine Trading Marketing model; develop potential services agreements (QF, back office refine our financial model and expand to include new projects, turbine capx, 
etc.; expand development framework;  pull pitch together to float NewCo by 
investment bank, etc 
I am happy to expand on exactly where we stand with FPL.  I guess we also 
need to think about staffing if both Cinergy and FPL move forward (let's just 
sell the peakers to Cinergy for $1.25B and let them do their own IPO).
,
Don
Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder to please have your calendar marked for Friday July 7, 
2000, for the ENA VP PRC Pre-Ranking Meeting. The meeting will be held at the 
DoubleTree (Granger B) from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm.
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.  Irma 
Alvarez will be following up with invitations that will have detailed 
information within the next few days.
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Forgot one:
- Austin Energy - 06/01.
Thxs
Delainey
David W Delainey
06/26/2000 09:03 AM
Guys, please come up with a plan to meet Ben's requirements.
The key sites/jobs for 2001/2002 include:
- florida - several sites - 06/01;
- LV Cogen - early '02;
- Project Moore (Ontario) - 06/01;
- Pastoria - early '03';
- Monterrey - early '02;
-Coyote - early '02;
- LIPA barge deal - '01;
- possibly - Lousiana - 06/01.
Delainey
Ben F Jacoby
06/24/2000 12:06 AM
Sent by: Ben Jacoby
Dave:
I really hate to bother you with this, but anything you can do to get these 
guys off the dime and moving (rather than complaining) would be appreciated. 
I called Westfahl as you suggested, but he never responded. At the end of the 
day, I think maybe the board approval we were talking about (Moore, Florida 
and Louisiana) is the only way to send the message. 
One highlight of interest in Coleman's e-mail is that it takes longer than 7 
months to construct a 6 - LM6000 plant. That's pretty amazing given that 
NEPCO just finished constructing four ENA plants (Gleason, Wheatland, Wilton 
and Doyle) in less than 6 months.
Anything you can do (or any advice) would be appreciated. Right now I'm 
simply ignoring the negativism and proceeding as quickly as possible.
,
Ben 
Mike Coleman@_DEVELOPMENT
06/22/2000 04:01 PM
Ben,
Reflecting on our conversation at lunch the other day, I want to re-emphasize 
my concerns about the schedule issues.  You indicated that you had an idea 
that the plant could be built in the field in 120 days, or approximately 4 
months.  This is not at all realistic.  I would expect that the most 
aggressive schedule for a greenfield installation of simple cycle gas fired 
LM 6000's would run approximately 90 days for the first unit, plus about two 
weeks for each additional unit.  This would result in an installation 
duration of aproximately 5.5 months for a 6 unit gas fired plant.  In front 
of that there would have to be site preparation and initial foundation work 
done.
The Florida and Louisiana projects can be expected to have significant piling 
requirements which will add probably a minimum of 30 days to the front of 
this schedule, and the dual fuel consideration may lengthen the incremental 
installation time per unit somewhat.  Considering these factors, it would not 
be unreasonable to expect field duration to be 7 months or longer 
I know that this is much longer than what you have had in mind.  But I think 
that this is real world.  For a 1 June start of operations, this would mean 
getting site access by 1 November, which is only 4 months from now. 
You stated that the permitting requirements may be as much as 6 months for 
Florida.  If this is correct then there is a serious disconnect for your 
schedule.  We need to make all efforts to expedite the on site date if June 
01 commercial operations is to be achieved.
Let's talk.
Mike
Guys, please come up with a plan to meet Ben's requirements.
The key sites/jobs for 2001/2002 include:
- florida - several sites - 06/01;
- LV Cogen - early '02;
- Project Moore (Ontario) - 06/01;
- Pastoria - early '03';
- Monterrey - early '02;
-Coyote - early '02;
- LIPA barge deal - '01;
- possibly - Lousiana - 06/01.
Delainey
Ben F Jacoby
06/24/2000 12:06 AM
Sent by: Ben Jacoby
Dave:
I really hate to bother you with this, but anything you can do to get these 
guys off the dime and moving (rather than complaining) would be appreciated. 
I called Westfahl as you suggested, but he never responded. At the end of the 
day, I think maybe the board approval we were talking about (Moore, Florida 
and Louisiana) is the only way to send the message. 
One highlight of interest in Coleman's e-mail is that it takes longer than 7 
months to construct a 6 - LM6000 plant. That's pretty amazing given that 
NEPCO just finished constructing four ENA plants (Gleason, Wheatland, Wilton 
and Doyle) in less than 6 months.
Anything you can do (or any advice) would be appreciated. Right now I'm 
simply ignoring the negativism and proceeding as quickly as possible.
,
Ben 
Mike Coleman@_DEVELOPMENT
06/22/2000 04:01 PM
Ben,
Reflecting on our conversation at lunch the other day, I want to re-emphasize 
my concerns about the schedule issues.  You indicated that you had an idea 
that the plant could be built in the field in 120 days, or approximately 4 
months.  This is not at all realistic.  I would expect that the most 
aggressive schedule for a greenfield installation of simple cycle gas fired 
LM 6000's would run approximately 90 days for the first unit, plus about two 
weeks for each additional unit.  This would result in an installation 
duration of aproximately 5.5 months for a 6 unit gas fired plant.  In front 
of that there would have to be site preparation and initial foundation work 
done.
The Florida and Louisiana projects can be expected to have significant piling 
requirements which will add probably a minimum of 30 days to the front of 
this schedule, and the dual fuel consideration may lengthen the incremental 
installation time per unit somewhat.  Considering these factors, it would not 
be unreasonable to expect field duration to be 7 months or longer 
I know that this is much longer than what you have had in mind.  But I think 
that this is real world.  For a 1 June start of operations, this would mean 
getting site access by 1 November, which is only 4 months from now. 
You stated that the permitting requirements may be as much as 6 months for 
Florida.  If this is correct then there is a serious disconnect for your 
schedule.  We need to make all efforts to expedite the on site date if June 
01 commercial operations is to be achieved.
Let's talk.
Mike
Guys can you give me a view on Q4 earnings ie) deals and value.
Delainey
Rob, makes sense. How does this change our view on Moore?
egards
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
06/23/2000 04:48 PM
Dave, I didnt get a chance to talk to you during your meeting but thought I 
should make you aware of the following. Unfortunately, we have experienced a 
bit of a set-back re Ontario market opening. As you know, the market was 
scheduled to open November 1,2000. We had anticipated somewhat of a delay and 
had forecasted a Feb 1, 2001 start. This week the Minister of Energy 
announced that market opening would be delayed "about 6 months". This of 
course is very dissppointing to us and Aleck Dadson is working hard with the 
Ministry and other interested parties in shoring up a date with a tighter 
time frame.
The reason for the delay is primarily due to the lack of readiness on behalf 
of the IMO. This is a frustrating situation for the minister and as such he 
has moved to appoint myself to the IMO Board. It should be noted that the 
Minister did not accept the IMO's board recommendation but unilaterally went 
with me. He was intent on appointing someone who had goal alignment re 
opening this market asap. This goes a long way in illustrating the great job 
our regulatory group (Aleck Dadson) has done/is doing  in 
positioning/developing credibility with the Ministry of Energy 
I know that you had concerns re time commitment but I believe strongly that 
Enron needs a voice at the IMO Board as this is a critical point in time to 
shape this marketplace.
Milnthorp
Bob, I know that you made this work !!  This recovery plan is exceptional.
Delainey
Units 2, 3, and 4 are operating.  Work continues on the demisters, bearing 2 temp., and punch list.
Unit 5 will fire again on Saturday.  GE is installing new liners in order to 
manage emissions from the unit..  If all goes well, the performance test is 
to occur Mon - Wed next week.
Unit 1:  the repair plan is complete, but has not been written.  We will 
trade our rotor (upgraded to E specs) for Occidental's rotor.  Occidental's 
rotor is on the way to GE's Houston shop in order to grind its blades to fit 
our unit.  A new stub shaft is needed and has been acquired.  We will acquire 
Reliant's stationary blades in exchange for new replacement blades.  Total 
cost estimate is $3.0 MM.  The unit will be complete on or near July 20.
Clay
Rick, in the interest of preserving trees and keeping the information 
reasonably controlled, I would distribute this to senior managment and the 
portfolio managers in each origination group responsible for each investment.
Portfolio Managers
Steve Pruett - Energy Capital Resources - (E&P)
Chuck Ward - Generation Investments
Chris Helfrick - Industrials and Coal
Michael Miller - Principal Investing
Richard Lydecker - Restructuring
Ray Bowen - CTG
Andrea Reed - CTG
Wes Colwell - Controller
Jordan Mintz - Tax
Management
Jeff Skilling
Joe Sutton
Mark Frevert
Dave Delainey
I don't think we need to distribute this data farther.  The business unit 
heads in the finance origination groups can access their portfolio manager 
for the data if needed.
Delainey
Dave:  I am having delivered to your office this afternoon a proof copy of 
our snapshot book for ENA for Q1, 2000.  Before we distribute to others, Rick 
Buy and I thought we should check in with you on the distribution list which 
is included on the letter attached to the snapshots. (also attached below You may recall that last quarter we cut down the distribution considerably by 
requiring anyone who wanted a book to contact us.  The people on the attached 
list were those that specifically requested a book.  One other thing to 
note:  this time we have included overall portfolio and return numbers in the 
front of the book.  This may affect your decision on how you want the book 
distributed within ENA.
Your advice on additions/deletions to the distribution list is appreciated If you have questions, please give me a call.
Rick C.
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting June 23, 2000.
Date:  Friday June 23, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1  
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
You know what - I agree!!
Don't let it go to your head.
Dave
John J Lavorato@
06/22/2000 11:48 AM
Lavorato Self Evaluation/Accomplishments
I'm just simply better than everyone else.
Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder for you to please take a minute and select your reviewers 
for the PRC feedback.  Dave is also requesting that you provide a list of 
accomplishments for the past six (6) months. 
Please provide this information to your direct reports as soon as possible 
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  If you have any 
questions, please feel free to call Kay  3-0643.
Thanks,
Kay
-
PRC is just around the corner and Dave has not been provided the 
accomplishment/self evaluation from some of you. This serves as a reminder to 
please provide Dave with a list of accomplishments/self evaluation for the 
past six (6) months as soon as possible.
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.  If you have any 
questions, please feel free to call Kay  3-0643.
Thanks,
Kay
that is correct
thxs dave
I am sending out a second confirmation due to the additional attendees.
Dan Leff and Randy Maffett will be calling in.
This is to confirm the monthly Industrials meeting for Thursday June 22, 2000 
at 1:00 pm.
Date:  June 22, 2000
Thursday
Time:  1:00 pm
Location: EB 3316
Topic:  Industrials
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me at 853-0643.
Thanks,
Kay  
This is a reminder to please have your calendar marked for Friday July 7, 
2000, for the ENA VP PRC Pre-Ranking Meeting. The meeting will be held at the 
DoubleTree (Granger B) from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm.
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.  Irma 
Alvarez will be following up with invitations that will have detailed 
information within the next few days.
Thanks,
Kay  3-0643
Jean, can you give me an update on Q4 from an earnings point of view ie) 
deals and value.
Delainey
Ok
Christopher F Calger
06/21/2000 12:12 PM
Dave,
I would like to have a mid-year offsite with my group in late July.  I would 
like to include the associates and west CTG folks since they are a 
significant part of our team and we have a tremendous amount of work to do 
for the balance of the year.  We will keep costs reasonable by going to a 
resort that is driving distance from Portland.  Total cost is estimated at 
$23M.  We will have 1.5 days in conference and .5 days of activity (golf, 
etc.).  My assistant will send details to Kay.  Are you OK with this?
,
Chris
Just a reminder - please mark your calendars:
This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held June 21, 2000 at the 
River Oaks Grill
DATE    June 21, 2000
PLACE   Wine Room
River Oaks Grill
2630 Westheimer
713/520-1738
TIME    6:30 PM
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3x0643) or 
Beverly (5x7857)
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Guys, please attend if available.
Delainey
Kevin M Presto
06/20/2000 09:11 AM
Sent by: Felicia Doan
Please accept this as confirmation to attend the "Distributed Generation 
Business Overview" meeting on Thursday, June 22nd @ 4:00pm in EB3316.  If 
anyone should have any questions/concerns, please feel free to give me a  
call at ext. 3-5709.
Many Thanks,
Felicia Doan
for Kevin Presto
Jeff, lets try to get consensus in how the east desk might work and then 
discuss next steps at that point.
thanks
Delainey
Dave,
I know you want to have a meeting about the east desk as a follow up to last 
weeks meeting.  Do you think it would be helpful for me to have this 
replicated for all desks for one meeting?  Or do you want just 1 
presentation, and I will manage the rest of the rollout to the other desks? 
Thanks.  Jeff
This is to confirm the monthly Industrials meeting for Thursday June 22, 2000 
at 1:00 pm.
Date:  June 22, 2000
Thursday
Time:  1:00 pm
Location: EB 3316
Topic:  Industrials
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel to call me at 853-0643.
Thanks,
Kay  
Wes, expense the amortization to Office of the Chairman not West Power or 
Origination.
Delainey
I try to run clean, conservative books.  To that end, I assessed every single 
originated transaciton when I took over the group in 1999.  Edith Cross and I 
turned over every rock that we could find, booked things properly, and moved 
on.  I know nothing about this amortization that's been going on.  Perhaps 
there were two payments to Fort James -- one being the payment that west 
power trading expensed in 1997 associated with the in money Wauna/Halsey 
position and the other associated with the overall alliance.  West Power 
Trading very clearly liquidated the payment associated with Wauna/Halsey in 
1997.  I have the DPR from March of 1997 to prove it.  If this payment was 
capitalized for some reason after West Power Trading expensed it, then I'm 
not sure what to do.  It seems odd for us to pay for the same bad position 
twice 
If the amortization is associated with the second payment to Fort James the alliance payment -- then we have a different kettle of fish entirely.  I 
don't understand why it was ok for the amotization to hit the industrial 
group but when we do a one-time amortization of the balance it all of a 
sudden switches over to the West Power Trading group.  How come last month it 
was "proper" for the charge to hit the industrial group and this month it is 
"proper" for the charge to hit West Power Trading.  The charge should hit 
whoever's rc it was who thought that paying Fort James a bunch of money was a 
good idea.  If that person is no longer around the charge should either hit 
that person's successor or it should hit a management book.
To your point about who benefits from the termination of this deal.  Clearly, 
it is a good idea to terminate these deals and remove bad positions with a 
lot of uncertainty from the West Power Trading books.  Having said that, I 
have a hard time feeling good about the "benefit" that West Power Trading has 
question.  A memo written by Jake Thomas on April 7, 1999 memorializes this 
line of thought.  We established a $500k legal reserve, rebooked the deals, 
took most of the positive value to the book to offset large losses associated 
with other old deals and granted the remainder, about $1 million, to Jake in 
origination.  The entity that has benefited the most from these deals is West 
Origination.
Finally, I can't see how this expense belongs to West Power Trading.  I would 
like to understand how all of the accounting worked before I can accept an 
expense on my rc.  If you want to deal with the expense separately and have a 
discussion about granting origination for terminating this deal then let's do 
that.  That discussion needs to reflect history, and include the origination 
that was granted in 1997, 1999, and include the legal reserve of $500k.
Give me a call when you get a chance.
David W Delainey
06/16/2000 05:11 PM
Tim, my understanding is that partnership fee (the $11.0M) has been amortized 
for the last several years and expensed to the Industrial groups (McConville 
and Ondarza).  As you are aware, I sued them for breach.  The settlement 
involved the elimination of all existing transactions between Ft. James and 
Enron including the Wauna and Halsey power contracts.  It is my understanding 
that the benefit of the elimination of those shorts resides in the Portland 
shop.   The elimination of the shorts would not have occurred without the 
lawsuit on the alliance and the settlement I originated.  It seemed logical 
to charge the Portland office with the remaining un-amortized fee of $1.8M as 
a cost of eliminating the shorts for no cost and no future contingent 
liability.
Lets discuss.
Delainey
Edith Cross and I looked at the Fort James deal in great detail in early 
1999.  When the deal was closed, west power trading booked an in the money 
position and an offsetting expense of about $11 million.  This money has 
already liquidated from our book.  In fact, I have a copy of the 3/31/97 DPR 
that reflects this liquidation.  At that time, west power trading also paid a 
350k credit reserve, 247k to the finance book, and 1.3 million in 
origination 
I have also heard about a "partnership" fee that Enron paid to Fort James 
around the same time.  I'm not sure what this fee was and who benefitted from 
it.  It had nothing to do with the west power trading book.
On John's recommendation I called Wes to see if we could figure this out Wes, please give me a call back to discuss.  I think that someone needs to 
look at the actual journal entries from March of 1997 to see why an expense 
of $11 million was deferred.
This is not my problem.  I should not receive this expense.  Until this is 
resolved, I would greatly appreciate it if the writedown of the deferred 
account does not hit west power trading's expenses.
Joe, thanks for the assistance.  We have a few items still outstanding on the 
Doyle (Georgia PPA with Ogelthorpe) unit; however, It looks like we have the 
'99 and '00 plants completed.  The 2001 program is much smaller.  I will 
follow up shortly.
Delainey
Gavin -
The teams did an outstanding job getting the big issues wrapped up this 
weekend.  All units at all the 2000 peaker sites can now be dispatched 
commercially.  In Navy jargon, BZ!!
Though you and I will need to continue OEM discussions on commercial issues 
and punch list items, ENA now has 2920 Mw's of capacity available for 
dispatch.  This is a big milestone with significant value to Enron.
Please extend my appreciation to all concerned for the weekend wrap-up and 
the extended hours required to make it happen.
Mitch
Guys, I will forward the info as it becomes available.  There appears to be 
one project in Texas and one in California which are well down the 
development road.  If interested in these projects, which have to meet a 
December 2001 COD in order to get the tax credit, I would suggest that we 
purchase the development sites and turbines from Enron Wind and keep the 
asset, commodity position, tax credit and possible green credits in ENA They are Ok with that strategy.  This is an opportuntity that needs to 
fleshed out fairly quickly - Ben and Dave can you lead this analysis with 
close contact with Doug and Tim on the desk.  We can get together to discuss 
if you like.
Delainey
Michael Payne@_DEVELOPMENT
06/16/2000 07:40 PM
Dave,
As requested, I have collect the following information for your review.  I 
have sent two binders to your office for Monday morning delivery.  I am also 
attaching the two models which correspond to the projects referenced below.
Table of Contents
1. Selected Company Information
Including:
Business overview 
Estimate wind resources by state
Discussion of industry drivers
Overview of the technology
Discussion of Project Development 
2. Cost to build: Solano/SMUD California project
3. Cost to build: Sweetwater, TX project
4. Description of the Federal Production Tax Credit 
5. Press Release on Northern Alternative Energy Gas-Wind Hybrid project
6. Summary of Renewable Portfolio Standards (state fuel mix mandates)
7. Summary of System Benefit Charges to be applied to renewable subsidies
8. Assorted Slides on Green Power Marketing, RPS, SBCs, etc.
Please don't hesitate to call with any questions.
Michael
6-9690
Tim, my understanding is that partnership fee (the $11.0M) has been amortized 
for the last several years and expensed to the Industrial groups (McConville 
and Ondarza).  As you are aware, I sued them for breach.  The settlement 
involved the elimination of all existing transactions between Ft. James and 
Enron including the Wauna and Halsey power contracts.  It is my understanding 
that the benefit of the elimination of those shorts resides in the Portland 
shop.   The elimination of the shorts would not have occurred without the 
lawsuit on the alliance and the settlement I originated.  It seemed logical 
to charge the Portland office with the remaining un-amortized fee of $1.8M as 
a cost of eliminating the shorts for no cost and no future contingent 
liability.
Lets discuss.
Delainey
Edith Cross and I looked at the Fort James deal in great detail in early 
1999.  When the deal was closed, west power trading booked an in the money 
position and an offsetting expense of about $11 million.  This money has 
already liquidated from our book.  In fact, I have a copy of the 3/31/97 DPR 
that reflects this liquidation.  At that time, west power trading also paid a 
350k credit reserve, 247k to the finance book, and 1.3 million in 
origination 
I have also heard about a "partnership" fee that Enron paid to Fort James 
around the same time.  I'm not sure what this fee was and who benefitted from 
it.  It had nothing to do with the west power trading book.
On John's recommendation I called Wes to see if we could figure this out Wes, please give me a call back to discuss.  I think that someone needs to 
look at the actual journal entries from March of 1997 to see why an expense 
of $11 million was deferred.
This is not my problem.  I should not receive this expense.  Until this is 
resolved, I would greatly appreciate it if the writedown of the deferred 
account does not hit west power trading's expenses.
rodney, are you managing and coordinating these reference requests for ENA to 
EES?  I think that these requests need to be highly controlled into the EES 
organization at a high level and screened by you as being necessary or not.
Delainey
Dan Leff@EES
06/15/2000 11:20 PM
FYI
Dan Leff
06/15/2000 11:17 PM
How about Chuck Dana at Owens Corning, Steve Messinger at GC/BICC, as well 
In addition, metering customer references thru Jeff Messina should prevent 
customer burn out
Dan
Kurt Wangenheim
06/15/2000 10:08 PM
ENA has asked for EES customer references.  ENA is currently working with 
National Gypsum and National Gypsum has asked for two references. They would 
prefer manufacturers that have over 10% of their cost of goods sold as energy 
and have DSM projects completed at their facilities.  ENA has solicited my 
support in getting these references because when they asked EES Sales, they 
found them not to be overly cooperative with supplying names out of fear that 
ENA may burn out EES customers before EES Sales can use them 
Since EES customers fall under Jeff's pervue, I need your help in getting the 
go-ahead to approach the account managers to set this up.  My suggestions 
would be World Color Press, Package Ice, Polaroid, or Ocean Spray.  Suiza 
would be a good choice if we could get the right person 
ENA has asked me to get this information to them as soon as possible since 
the deal is on hold until they get the references.
Thanks,
Kurt
Rob, can you give me a view on where you stand for fourth quarter from an 
orig point of view ie) deals and value.
Delainey
I believe this has been handled appropriately; however, FYI.
Delainey
Grady James@_DEVELOPMENT
06/15/2000 05:26 PM
Guys, as a follow up to our meeting - the deliverables include:
a) producer team - Jones/Polzin - one live deal/prospect from the producer 
sector for the insurance product in third quarter;
b) power team - Duran/Overdyke - one live deal/prospect from the IPP sector 
for the insurance product in the third quarter.
Thanks
Delainey
Guys, as a follow up to our mtg - the following deliverables were agreed to:
a) CMS/Noxtech deal structure - outsource product - McClellan/Affelt - next 
week;
b) ERC strategy in California - McGowan- couple weeks;
c) fundamental analysis completion on California, NE and MW - McGowan ongoing;
d) regulatory support for SO2 and NOX - George to speak to Genelle; Delainey 
speaks to Shapiro/Kean.
Delainey
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting June 16, 2000.
Date:  Friday June 16, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
please handle
delainey
relmore@ect.enron.com on 05/30/2000 04:13:53 PM
Hi Mr. Delainey,
Our records indicate that we are missing social security numbers for
Dawna Jean, Samantha Jean, and Kassandra Dawn.  Would you please respond
with this info. as it is necessary for them to be your covered
dependents and/or beneficiaries.
Thank you,
Becky Elmore
Enron Corp. Benefits
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 06/14/2000 12:04:30 AM
Please note that your employees have suggested the following people to 
complete a feedback form on their behalf.  You will need to access the 
Performance Management System (PEP) to either approve or decline these 
suggested reviewers.  Once you have approved the suggested reviewers they 
will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form.
Your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below:
Date suggested: Jun 12, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: OVERDYKE, JERE C.
Date suggested: Jun 12, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: PIPER, GREGORY F
Ray, I am ok with Nick and his group managing if Redmond/Mrha are ok.  Like 
Rebox, whoever is technically responsible is highly accountable to ensure 
that reporting and procedures are correctly followed and that the project 
comes in on time, budget and technically works.   In this capacity, I would 
like that engineer to report to you or Wayne Mays.
Delainey
Nick Cocavessis@
06/14/2000 11:51 AM
Scott,
I would like to re-emphasize our commitment to you and your team in ensuring 
this project is successful.  As we had discussed we are very eager to provide 
Project Management services for the Millenia project.  In fact Audrey and I 
am visiting BCCK this Friday to be sure we are not leaving anything else on 
the table which Enron could capture.  We in fact have identified one of our 
PMs, who has over 20 years experience in the industry, to lead the project He will be augmented by Audrey who is not only a terrific process engineer 
but is managing the Lost Creek process plant/compressor station intallation 
in Wyoming.
My team is also managing the implementation of the Fort Union Gas Gathering 
project in Wyoming.
I understand things are heating up and all of us are looking forward to you 
kicking off the project.  Please feel free to call me at x58273.
Nick
Audrey Pullen@ECT
06/14/2000 11:07 AM
Nick-
Per our conversation, Ward Polzin from the Producer Finance Group mentioned 
that during their presentation to Dave Delaney with Ray Bowen-VP Commercial 
and Scott Josey, the subject of who would do the project management for Enron 
came up.  Ward said my name was mentioned and that Ray Bowen said that if I 
couldn't he knew of a group from Power that did Project Management.
I would highly recommend you step in quickly offering our services before the 
decision is made to use someone else.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Audrey
Jeff, what is your current thought process on TXU?
Delainey
Since TXU is in such a world of hurt, do we have anyone looking at their 
business/assets?  Maybe we could lend the Enron helping hand....Jeff
Guys, I am getting the impression that we are having quality control issues it just sounds sloppy?  Am I wrong?  Do we need more focused resources?
Delainey
Unit 1 tripped today while running.  There is some kind of foreign object 
loose in the unit.  It is unclear if the foreign object is in the compressor 
section of the hot gas path section.  We will not know the cause or extent of 
damage until the unit is boroscoped tomorrow 
Units 2 & 3:  Will be back in commercial operation tomorrow.  The team is 
currently working on solutions to the demister.  No solution yet, but Unit 3 
will return to commercial operation tomorrow.
Unit 4:  Emissions tuning continues.  The latest numbers are NOx 6 ppm, CO 50 
ppm.
Unit 5:  To fire tomorrow and begin tuning.
Clay
Gary, I have not heard much more on this issue - are you ok with this?
Delainey
John Sherriff
06/15/2000 12:51 AM
It looks like we have agreement on the change below but before we send this 
out can you please review and comment:
In order to streamline all of our commercial credit trading activities 
globally, Jeff Kinneman's Debt Trading team has been merged with 
EnronCredit.com.  All global credit trading and EnronCredit.com activities 
will co-headed by Jeff Kinneman in Houston and Bryan Seyfried in Europe and 
the group will report to John Sherriff - CEO of  Enron Europe.
We wish both Jeff and Bryan well in their expanded roles.
Sorry Mike wrong address
David W Delainey
11/28/2000 12:22 PM
Guys, lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the 
peaker fee asap.
Delainey
Theresa Vos@
11/28/2000 12:00 PM
Attached is the Cost Summary for the 2000 Peakers with actuals thru 
11/17/00.  I still have not received any cost reports from Nepco.  Please 
call me if you have any questions.
thanks,
theresa
x58173
Where did he rank against other folks at the super saturday?
I would argue that if he was in the top 30%, we should accomodate his need. 
delainey
Cindy Justice
06/13/2000 08:14 AM
Rich Cassano, an ENA Associate candidate with an outstanding offer, has asked 
if Enron would pay for he and his wife to visit Houston for prior to his 
making a decision to joining Enron. This candidate is from New York and has 
only been to Houston for the Super Saturday weekend. He feels that he can't 
make an informed decision on relocating without spending additional time in 
Houston.
The Associate Program does not cover this expense. Please let me know if you 
are willing to cover travel expenses for this candidate and for other 
candidates with a similar requests.
Cindy
Tonai Lehr @ ENRON
06/12/2000 02:33:37 PM
The meeting scheduled to discuss NG Resources Funding will be held in Dave 
Delainey's office, EB3314, tomorrow, at 11:00 a.m.
Guys, the project should be charged market based rates and ENA is not in the 
business of subsidizing international projects.  This is particularily the 
case if we are not going to hold a continued interest in the project.
However, if we can not reach a term O&M agreement please maintain the 
optionality in the project by managing the facility on a direct bill basis to 
APACHI until they find an alternative provider. Do not in any event abandon 
any assets at any time.
Delainey
Raymond Bowen
06/12/2000 11:51 AM
A couple of points:
1) Dobler says that he has been in Nigeria for six months with no 
compensation and very poor communication.
2) The scope has changed from 3 barges to 9 barge.
3) His price quote is cost reimbursement plus $750,000/year for approximately 
thirteen years.  PV is between $5 and $6 million.
4) APACHI is having a severe case of sticker shock.
5) He insists this is market for a major international provider.
I need to understand your view as to whether we should price at market or 
does OEC have the mandate to be a "support" function for other Enron 
businesses (I assume the answer is NO)
Ray
James A Hughes@_DEVELOPMENT
06/11/2000 10:27 PM
Dave:
It is apparent that we are not going to reach agreement on an O&M contract 
that will be acceptable to third parties.  Given our clear intention to exit 
this project as fast as possible and extract our value through a promote, 
this leaves me no choice but to seek other alternatives.  I would appreciate 
your providing me interim O&M services until I can identify a third party 
service provider.  If you carry out your threat to abandon the assets, this 
will result in invalidation of our insurance coverage.  I hope you understand 
that this is not in anyone's interest.  I am disappointed to discover that 
our first experience with the new structure of O&M services is so 
unsatisfactory.
Jim Hughes
I think Jean is gong to be there - thats ok.
Delainey
Brian Redmond@ECT
06/12/2000 11:12 AM
I will call in, and would like either Julie G. or Jene M. to attend - let me 
know if this is ok.
Brian
Sent by: Beverly Stephens@
Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:
Date:  June 13, 2000
Time:  10:00 am - 11:00 am
Place:  EB 3314
Subject: Transmissions
If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, 
please feel free to call me.
Thanks
Bev
Please follow up with this person if interested.
Delainey
Can you forward this to the appropriate person?  Thanks. Jeff
I have no idea if this is for real or who should get this email at ENE.
Do you think anyone would be interested?
JF
Please forward to the person in charge of New Generation Projects.
I was referred to you by the Energy Information Agency.  I was wondering if 
you could help me find new generation work within your company.  If you are 
not in the market for additional capacity I would appreciate your comments on 
how I might proceed.
We primarily install, relocate or otherwise put power in service on a turnkey 
basis, virtually anywhere in the world.   We also do major repairs, 
mechanical and electrical, rotating equipment and even substation 
equipment.    We have a rather strange assortment of equipment to support our 
work, special hydra lift trailers for moving large engine without 
disassembly, cranes for use in trying areas, high voltage bucket trucks, a 
portable repair shop that can be moved to a major site that is 100 ft X 60 ft 
and is fully equipped for anything from turbine repairs, installs or we can 
do a large rewind 
For off-shore work we have a floating shop, a service vessel that has 
equipment on-board to move generation or also do similar service and 
repairs.     An example might be a turbine or other generation installation 
even on a barge power plant that is in service .. we can often dock along 
side and do it all as though the barge was in a harbor.
Sometimes, in addition to supplying New Equipment, we can supply used, 
refurbished or surplus assets.  Several possible powerplants considered for 
relocation are made available by Marcor Remediation Inc.  Marcor is working 
with the Jacksonville Electric Authority, Basin Electric and other major US 
utilities to offer certain Surplus Generating Assets to the worlds energy 
sectors.  This equipment is listed in some detail on our company webpage
(     This is a partial 
listing so let me know if your company contacts are in the market for 
anything in particular, we may be able to help.
These are additional properties I am working on, we handle Turnkey 
installations all over the world as well as a good deal of offshore work Currently, we can deliver an LM 6000, up and running in less than 90 days.
BARGE MOUNTED POWER PLANT, 100+ MEGAWATT
We can provide a 100+  MW Barge Mounted Power Plant, complete, ABS Certified, 
consisting of two (2) 50 MW Gas Turbine Generators.
Outputs are at ISO conditions.  These units will be refurbished and ready to 
operate on either Natural Gas or Fuel Oil and installed on an ABS certified 
barge.  Delivery can occur within approximately 120 working days (4 months) 
after receipt of funds as specified below.
The two Gas Turbines will be set up to operate singularly or in parallel.
The Generator output will be 10,800 volts, 3-phase, 50 HZ.  (With upgrade to 
60 HZ available)  The power will be transported to shore by overhead 
transmission lines at Generator voltage.  A control room will be provided 
together with switchgear and circuit disconnects.
The customer/buyer will be responsible for providing all fuel needs including 
delivery and storage of fuel.  The customer will also be responsible for all 
Grid connections and transformation of power.
We will provide, as part of the Barge package, an emergency generator for 
lighting and Barge pumps.  The Turbines can be started with electric motors 
powered from the emergency generator (diesel fueled) or by pressurized air.
All of this equipment is offered subject to prior sale.  The costs will be 
adjusted accordingly if additional or substitute equipment is required by 
customer.
The two (2) Gas Turbines can be adapted to operate on Heavy Fuel (HFO) or 
Bunker "C" or #6 Fuel oil, providing proper oil treatment modules are 
utilized.  We will offer this equipment under separate Contract.
ESTIMATE OF COSTS:
100 + MW Power Barge can be furnished as described for approx. $300.00 USD/ 
kW or $ 30,000,000.00.
Any commissions, "finders fees", or other unidentified costs, shall be added 
to the cost shown here.  At this price, USED equipment is utilized.
To prepare a formal quotation and provide detailed equipment specifics, i.e. 
model numbers, serial numbers, etc., a one-percent (1%) Cash Advance shall be 
placed in an escrow account with draws for the preparation of same and 
expenses incurred.  An Executed "Non-Disclosure, Non-Compete, Non-Circumvent 
Agreement" must be signed by the "end-user".  It will take two (2) weeks, 
after receipt of one-percent (1%) cash advance funds, and after ALL pertinent 
information regarding the ultimate construction of the barge is received by 
us from the buyer, to prepare the Formal Quotation.
After receipt of the Formal Quotation/Proposal,  buyer shall have two (2) 
weeks to place a five-percent (5%) refundable deposit which will allow him 
thirty (30) days to perform "due diligence".  At the end of this "due 
diligence" period, buyer shall pay eighty-five percent (85%) of the total 
purchase price.  The balance due shall be paid upon customer acceptance of 
the unit.
Currently, we have a "window" of opportunity open to immediately initiate 
necessary engineering work.  This work will be accomplished by "World Class" 
Maritime Contractors; therefore, meeting the highest of Standards.
NEW 1999 MODEL POWER BARGE
We can furnish 100MW Power Barge complete with two (2) new, state- of- 
the-art 1999 model, Westinghouse Turbine Gensets, 50 Hz, for approximately 420.00/kW.  Same terms as above
LM 2500 GAS TURBINE POWER PLANT
ONE (1) ONLY..
G.E. LM2500-PE (UPGRADED), NATURAL GAS, WATER INJECTION,
13.8 KV, 26,500 KVA, TURBINE GENERATOR PACKAGE AS FOLLOWS:
1. ENGINE AND POWER TURBINE SECTION HAS BEEN COMPLETELY FACTORY REBUILT TO 
ZERO TIME AND WILL CARRY A ONE (1) YEAR FACTORY STANDARD G.E. WARRANTY.
2. GEAR BOX, GENERATOR SECTIONS HAVE A TOTAL OF 25,000 HOURS ON THEM AND AND 
WILL BE COMPLETELY REFURBISHED TO "AS NEW" CONDITION.
3. THE PROTECTION AND CONTROL SYSTEMS WILL BE REPLACED WITH CURRENT SOLID 
STATE SYSTEMS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW INSTALLATION THIS INCLUDED:  VIBRATION SYSTEMS, GENERATOR PROTECTION, TURBINE START 
SYSTEMS, OPERATOR INTERFACE COMPONENTS AND POWER SYSTEM SYNCHRONIZATION 
SYSTEMS.
4. THE ENGINE AND POWER TURBINE SECTION WILL HAVE A ONE (1) YEAR WARRANTY IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH A STANDARD G.E. WARRANTY AND THE REMAINDER OF THE MODULE WILL 
CARRY A ONE (1) YEAR WARRANTY BY THE SUPPLIER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH A 
STANDARD FACTORY WARRANTY FOR NEW EQUIPMENT OF THIS TYPE.
COSTS
1. COST DELIVERED TO SITE IN NORTH AMERICA    $ 6,000,000.00 USD
2.      COST TO ASSEMBLE THE COMPONENTS TO THE
PACKAGE AT THE SITE, INSTALL THE UNIT AT THE NEW SITE AND PUT ON-LINE, 
INCLUDING CIVIL WORK FOR THE BASES, TURBINE BUILDING AND AUXILIARY 
ENCLOSURES, FUEL PIPING, WATER PIPING AND RELATED WORK (ASSUMING ALL IS 
LOCATED ADJACENT TO THE INSTALLATION POINT), AND SUPPLY FACTORY PERSONNEL FOR 
COMMISSIONING AND UNIT START,  IS ESTIMATED TO COST AN ADDITIONAL 4,900,000.00 USD
(SUBJECT TO SITE INSPECTION)
TOTAL PROJECT COST,
UP AND RUNNING............... $8.5 Million USD
Talk soon,
Christopher D. Hayes
GLOWJAX LLC
glowjax@netcarrier.com
Ph# 1-(215)-541-1608....OR.....1-(215)-679-6093
1340 Moyer Rd.
Red Hill Pa. 18076
CONFIDENTIALITY This e-mail and any attachments are confidential and may
also be privileged.  If  you  are  not  a  named  recipient  please  notify
the  sender immediately  and  do not disclose the contents to another
person, use it for any purpose, or store or copy the information in any
medium
- att1.htm
Jeff, I would like to discuss this with you and your plans in gas.
Delainey
Dave & John:
As requested, the attached organization chart lays out the MM commercial 
teams including regulatory experts. Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
,  Ed
Tim, in the east power group and the gas groups, we are trying to build a 
mid-market capability(deal flow, information and coverage) consistent with 
the largest energy merchant in N.A..
Please see tha attached.  I would be curious to talk to you about your 
structure, coverage functions and market building iniatives 
I recognize that you and your group have been the most effective and 
proactive group in these areas for some time.  Is there areas where we could 
be more aggressive or proactive?  Can I get you more resources to cover the 
market more aggresively  
Lets discuss.
Delainey
Dave & John:
As requested, the attached organization chart lays out the MM commercial 
teams including regulatory experts. Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
,  Ed
Ed, this looks great 
Please ensure that the focus is on coverage, deal flow and building markets. 
I want to avoid two groups hunting strategic elephants (ie) east origination 
and development so ensure the scope is consistent with mid-market coverage 
and feeding the desk deals and info.   In the case of building or purchasing 
assets please let Jacoby's group handle.  Any deal or lead that significantly 
disrupts coverage or takes you or your people out of the market please pass 
or coordinate with origination or development
There is bound to be some conflict between the strategic origination groups 
and you - please keep to a minimum and resolve in a manner consistent with 
one team and doing the right thing.
Please provide John and I a monthly report of customer transactions 
completed, coverage plans and "market building iniatives 
Let me know how I can assist in any way in recruiting or transactions.
Delainey
Dave & John:
As requested, the attached organization chart lays out the MM commercial 
teams including regulatory experts. Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
,  Ed
Darlene C Forsyth@ECT
06/07/2000 01:23 PM
Please forward to "Expense Report" upon approval.  Thanks, Darlene
Lydia Reeves
06/06/2000 03:40 PM
What about Barry and Eric? This looks good.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
06/08/2000 09:32 AM
Dave...a brief update re Toronto. We have moved from 3 employees Jan 1, 2000 
to 13 employees. Recent hires are as follows:
1. Scott Gilbert (expat)   Manager  Volume Management
2. Chris Gaffney (from ENA)  Sr Counsel  Legal
3. Garrett Tripp (expat)   Manager  Power Trading
4. Jeff Borg (outside hire)  Director   Origination 
5. Steven Leung (from ENA)  Analyst   Origination
6. Dave Ellis (outside hire)  Manager  Volume Management
7. Dan Dorland (UofC grad)  Analyst   Origination
8. Lindsey Huculiak (outside hire) Admin Asst  General
9.Jahnet Theberge (oustside hire) Sr Admin Asst  General
10. Neil Stuchbury (outside hire)  Sr Specialist  Volume Management
As discussed, we have attempted to obtain a good mix of  "Enron DNA" and 
outside hires. We are currently in the process of hiring a marketer from Duke 
who covers eastern industrials on the gas side (John Guerriero, an engineer background is UnionGas) and would like to target a couple of associates from 
Houston 
Our national advertising campaign has finished its run and we received in 
excess of 350 resumes. We are currently reviewing the resumes and have 
scheduled an off-cycle Super Saturday for June 24th in Toronto (Davies, Le 
Dain, Kitagawa, Devries, Dadson, McKay and myself will conduct the 
interviews).
If you have any questions or concerns, please let me know.
,
Milnthorp
Guys, I suggest that we write it down in order to ensure that we don't get it 
back as other groups use up the Raptor capacity. We have sufficient market 
data points to do this.  Please advise.
Delainey
Richard Lydecker@
12/12/2000 10:50 AM
Catalytica filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC yesterday, December 
11th which disclosed that because of recent market conditions the Board had 
decided not to proceed with the planned stock split prior to the spin-off The supplement indicates an expected initial trading range "at a price 
between $20 and no less than $10 per share".   Based upon these new 
Catalytica's estimates, the value of the Enron investment would be $13.5 to 
$27.0 million.  Enron's Catalytica investment is part of the raptor structure 
so that the impact is on raptor capacity rather than earnings.  The 
investment has also been monetized in a FAS 125 structure for cash flow 
purposes.
Guys, lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the 
peaker fee asap.
Delainey
Theresa Vos@
11/28/2000 12:00 PM
Attached is the Cost Summary for the 2000 Peakers with actuals thru 
11/17/00.  I still have not received any cost reports from Nepco.  Please 
call me if you have any questions.
thanks,
theresa
x58173
Don, with regard to your previous message please contact Michael.
Delainey
Michael Payne@_DEVELOPMENT
06/08/2000 04:42 PM
I am contacting you to confirm our meeting with you and some of your 
colleagues next Wed. June 14th, 3-4PM.  Attending on Enron Wind's behalf will 
be Kurt Huneke and Adam Umanoff (MD, Commercial Americas)
In the last two months Enron completed the acquisition of the minority shares 
(~20%) in Enron Wind Corp.   As a result of this decision, Enron has also 
made a variety of changes in Enron Wind as a first step to maximizing our 
return in this industry.
One of the very next steps we are taking is an effort to reacquaint the 
various operating subsidiaries with Enron Wind.  As the regulatory 
environment evolves in North America a number of new opportunities are 
evolving which should benefit ENA as a result of Enron's market position.
We thought it might be useful if John Lavorato, Janet Dietrich and Kevin 
Presto were available to join us as well.  Please feel free to invite anyone 
else you feel would be appropriate.  As you may know, we have begun to 
discuss some of these opportunities with EPMI and we are encouraged by the 
way we see the market developing.
Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this meeting.
Thank you,
Michael Payne
Director
Enron Wind
6-9690
please approve in system
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 06/09/2000 01:43:58 AM
Please note that your employees have suggested the following people to 
complete a feedback form on their behalf.  You will need to access the 
Performance Management System (PEP) to either approve or decline these 
suggested reviewers.  Once you have approved the suggested reviewers they 
will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form.
Your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below:
Date suggested: Jun 07, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: CHAPMAN, CHARLOTTE K
Ben, don't do anything at this point.  It is not needed.
Delainey
Benjamin Rogers
06/09/2000 09:33 AM
Dave:
I talked with the legal guys at Cinergy and after further discussions with 
Mike Cyrus, they felt that since these discussions were at a high level and 
very early in discussions that a "CA" at this time was not needed.  There 
were two sticking points that I was trying to get them to backdown from: 1) a 
stand-still agreement and 2) a solicitation agreement.  They were not willing 
to back down from these, thus they concluded with suggesting no "CA".  Let me 
know if this is your thoughts as well.  Thanks!
Ben
Delainey
Jim -
My direct supervisor's name is Ray Bowen, MD of the CTG group in ENA.  His 
extension is 37433.
MSD
James A Hughes@_DEVELOPMENT
06/09/2000 12:02 PM
Mark:
Please reply with your direct supervisors name.
Thank you.
James A. Hughes
OK
Eric Thode@
06/09/2000 03:37 PM
Attached is a press release announcing an agreement between Tosco and East 
Coast Power regarding electric supply to the Bayway Refinery.  Please make 
any changes or corrections and return to me by Monday, June 12 at 10:00 am If you have any questions, call me at ext. 3-9053.
Thanks.
Eric Thode
Due to a conflict, this meeting has been rescheduled.   Please make a note of 
the new time as follows:
Date:    June 15, 2000
Time:    10:30 am to 12:00 pm
Place:   EB 3314
Subject:   Emissions
If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, 
please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Bev
Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:
Date:  June 13, 2000
Time:  1:00 pm to 2:30 pm
Place: EB 3314
Subject: Emissions
If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, 
please feel free to call me
Thanks
Bev
Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:
Date:  June 13, 2000
Time:  10:00 am - 11:00 am
Place:  EB 3314
Subject: Transmissions
If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, 
please feel free to call me.
Thanks
Bev
Please note your calendars to reflect the following meeting:
Date:  June 15, 2000
Time:  3:00 pm - 4:30 pm
Place:  3314
Subject: Insurance
If you have any questions/conflicts regarding the above mentioned meeting, 
please feel free to call me.
Thanks,
Kay
Sandeep Kohli@_DEVELOPMENT
11/28/2000 11:15 AM
Dave,
Some time back you should have received a voicemail from Paula Rieker 
regarding my seeking a meeting with you.  I was located in India at the time, 
and project Summer was on at the time.  Hence, after a couple of initial 
attempts, I decided to wait a while before I sought a meeting with you.
However, now with Project Summer behind us, I would like to meet with you to 
discuss potential opportunities in the North America Region.  I was part of 
the Associate pool at ECT, and have worked with Jim Fallon and Paula Rieker, 
among others.  I had then taken an assignment to work in India, and have been 
there for some years now.
I am in Houston for the rest of the week and will be seeking to get on your 
calender for a brief chat on opportunities in your group.
,
Sandeep.
yes
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 06/07/2000 01:42:18 AM
Please note that your employees have suggested the following people to 
complete a feedback form on their behalf.  You will need to access the 
Performance Management System (PEP) to either approve or decline these 
suggested reviewers.  Once you have approved the suggested reviewers they 
will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form.
Your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below:
Date suggested: Jun 05, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: DONAHUE, JEFFREY M.
Date suggested: Jun 05, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: DURAN, WILLIAM D
Date suggested: Jun 05, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: HAEDICKE, MARK E
Delainey
Bob Virgo has informed me that the desk wants to convert Gleason to combined 
cycle.  Bob told me this in the context of asking me whether Calpine would 
sell us any additional combined cycle equipment (i.e., steam turbines).  My 
guess is they won't.
If 1) it was of interest to us and 2) we are really going to convert Gleason, 
I think I could get Calpine to execute a purchase/short term tolling 
transaction on Gleason on favorable terms.  I say this for the following 
reasons:
1.  Calpine is typically a strong bid for combined cycle installations.
2.  Calpine has been trying unsuccessfully to get a combined cycle project in 
TVA (due to their rank in the cue) and thinks that it will take them a year 
to get through TVA.  We actually think that their project is blocked. 
3.  Calpine would likely take the incremental construction cost risk on the 
transaction.
4.  I believe that Calpine would undertake the permitting and interconnection 
work at their cost  and risk, if needed.  Given the cost of preparing a 
combined cycle permit along with the potential fight that ENA might face from 
TVA in such an effort, this risk sharing scenario could be attractive to ENA.
5.  Calpine would likely accept a short term tolling arrangement.  On their 
eastern assets, Calpine is generally executing 1-2 year deals.
6.  Calpine particularly in the east has been aggressively purchasing 
projects.
7.  If feasible, Calpine would probably be willing to further increase the 
size of Gleason.  Calpine's current plants announcements are generally in the 
700-1,000 MW range.
I know that Dave Delainey has not previously supported selling Gleason 
individually.  However, you may want to investigate if anything has changed 
in this circumstance, particularly since we are not generally a strong bid 
for combined cycle projects.  Please let me know. 
FYI--Dave Duran and I are meeting with Bob Kelly of Calpine on next Tuesday 
to discuss the use of Enron NOLs in Calpine's PG&E contract buyouts. 
This memo will confirm our dinner meeting to be held June 21, 2000 at the 
River Oaks Grill
DATE    June 21, 2000
PLACE   Wine Room
River Oaks Grill
2630 Westheimer
713/520-1738
TIME    6:30 PM
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (3x0643) or 
Beverly (5x7857)
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Guys, we are working to put together the final team to manage this issue; 
however, it isJeff Skilling's call to keep Delainey, Milnthorp and Keohane 
out of the day to day fray on this issue.  I believe this is the right call Commercial and legal resources from Houston will manage this issue on a go 
forward basis and may call on you as a resource if needed from time to time. 
You have done a very great job managing this issue to date and your efforts 
on that front are much appreciated.  Our focus should return to growing the 
business and meeting our financial targets.
Peter, I believe that Mark H. would like you to stay involved through the 
Friday conference call that is scheduled.
Delainey
Mark, you have this one!
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
06/06/2000 04:01 PM
I just heard that Chris Gaffney is transferring to the Toronto office. His 
skill sets/capabilities have been critical in the closing of both the UI and 
NSTAR deals and he has been actively engaged in the long-term NSTAR deal, 
Con-Ed, and our Project Green Jacket. It is critical to our business to have 
no transitional period with attorneys and I expect his replacement to be 
fully up to speed (i.e. knowledge of the power market, understanding of 
structured power transactions, etc) relative to definitive documents around 
these transactions. Chris is definitely a loss to our team. Please advise as 
to his qualified replacement on these specific deals.  Thanks. 
Meeting with Janet Dietrich, Dave Fairley, Billy Lemmons, Jeff Hodge  
regarding Duke L & G
Don, lets hang tough for a day or two.  Nothing needed for Cinergy.
Delainey
kay,please approve in the PEP system.
thanks
Dave
"perfmgmt@"<perfmgmt on 06/04/2000 12:04:58 AM
Please note that your employees have suggested the following people to 
complete a feedback form on their behalf.  You will need to access the 
Performance Management System (PEP) to either approve or decline these 
suggested reviewers.  Once you have approved the suggested reviewers they 
will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form.
Your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below:
Date suggested: Jun 01, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: AJELLO, JAMES A
Date suggested: Jun 02, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: BECK, SALLY
Date suggested: Jun 02, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: BOWEN, RAYMOND M
Date suggested: May 31, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: CALGER, CHRISTOPHER F
Date suggested: Jun 01, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: MILLER, LLOYD D
Date suggested: Jun 02, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: ONDARZA, EDWARD M
Date suggested: Jun 02, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: SHANKMAN, JEFFREY A.
Date suggested: Jun 02, 2000
Feedback Due Date: Jun 16, 2000
Employee Name: YZAGUIRRE, MARIO M
Please note the Change:
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting -July 7    =20
As we move into the Spring/Summer of 2000, it is time to turn our attention=20
to the performance review process.  Mid-year is always busy and we have a=20
number of important tasks and projects in process.  While recognizing this,=20
it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather=20
necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our=20
employees, as well as utilize this information during the year end review=20
process.
In the spirit of One Enron, the Performance Review Process (PRC) will be=20
global for Mid-year 2000.  Vice Presidents and above across all operating=20
companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with=20
identical criteria.   ENA will review all professional level and above=20
employees.  The timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at=20
the end of this memo.  Your HR Business Consultant is also available to=20
answer questions.
With   to the Global Functions, review sessions will be led by the=20
Global and/or Corporate Functional heads, and will be designed to calibrate=20
personnel within these areas of expertise.  The Global Functional Review=20
Areas include:
_ NetWorks/Technology
_ Accounting
_ RAC
_ Finance
_ Human Resources
_ Public Relations & Reg Affairs=09G. Whalley
=09R. Causey
=09R.  Buy
=09A. Fastow
=09C. Olson
=09S. Kean
=20
ENA Mid-Year Process:
ENA has received favorable feedback on the review process used for Mid-year=20
and Year-end 1999, and as such, will follow the same general guidelines and=20
process for Mid-year 2000.  The following are key features of the Mid-year=20
2000 process:
o The focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects,=20
as opposed to quantitative.  Toward this end, communication of the employee=01,s=20
explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager.
o Initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments, are=20
highly encouraged, prior to the Business Review Meetings.
o Mid-year performance results will be used as baseline performance=20
information for Year-end 2000.
o Creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups. =20
o Standardization of criteria for all peer groups.
o   Utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale. =20
o All exempt employees will be discussed at Business Review Meetings and=20
placed into one of six categories by peer group.  ENA VP's will be pre-ranked=20
by the ENA Office of the Chairman and Managing Directors prior to the Enron=20
PRC.  Non-exempt (overtime eligible) employees will be evaluated by their=20
supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories.  The results of the=20
Business Review Meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees=20
below VP, subject to ENA Office of the Chairman.
o A minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be=20
required at the Business Review Meetings.  The meetings should otherwise be=20
rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place.  The=20
nominated individuals are illustrated below.
o The top 5 HR priorities/challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the=20
Business Review Meetings.
o Analysts and Associates will be pre-reviewed in a Business Review Meetings=20
based on their current rotation, then cross-calibrated at the Enron Global=20
Analyst and Associate Business Review Meeting.
Peer Groups:
Commercial
Commercial Support
Technical
Specialized Technical
Performance Criteria (for all peer groups):
Innovation/Entrepreneurship
Communication/Setting Direction
Teamwork/Interpersonal
Leadership/Vision/Values=20
Business Instinct
Analytical/Technical
Guidelines:
o Use of multiple sources of input is encouraged (employee, peers, direct=20
reports, internal customers, external customers), as is a self-evaluation
o Employees should recommend 5-10 reviewers to Supervisor and Supervisor=20
should select at least three of the employee=01,s recommendations
o All feedback must be entered via the Performance Management System located=20
on the intranet
o Supervisor should consolidate the feedback, prepare a draft of the=20
Performance Review form and meet with the employee prior to the Business=20
Review meeting
o Final feedback to exempt employee follows the July 7th meeting
o For VP's & MD's, final feedback follows the Enron Executive Committee=20
Meeting
Business Review Meetings / VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting=20
Responsibilities / Actions:
The following list represents suggested groups and the individuals=20
responsible for each Business Review Meeting.  Attendees at the meetings are=20
appropriate Supervisors within the Business Unit.  In addition, the Office of=20
the Chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level=20
representatives from other Business Units to add external perspective.
Area/Function=09ENA Lead=09Global/Functional Lead*=09Required Non-functional  Attendees
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Trading=09Presto=09=09Dietrich
=09Shankman=09=09Calger
=09Lavorato=09=09Bowen
=09McClellan=09=09Ajello
=09Hickerson=09=09Delainey
=09Belden=09=09
=09=09=09
Origination=09Redmond=09=09Shankman
=09Dietrich=09=09McClellan
=09Milnthorp=09=09Belden
=09Calger=09=09Presto
=09Donahue=09=09Delainey
=09Bowen=09=09Lavorato
=09Ajello=09=09
=09Duran=09=09
=09Ondarza=09=09
=09Malcolm=09=09
=09Overdyke=09=09
=09Thompson/Josey=09=09
=09Yzaguirre=09=09
=09=09=09
Finance(*)=09Jakubik=09Fastow=09
=09=09=09
COMMERCIAL SUPPORT=09=09=09
TECHNICAL  =09=09=09
SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL=09=09=09
=09=09=09
Legal=09Haedicke=09=09
Research=09Kaminski=09=09
RAC=09Buy=09=09
Technical=09Miller/Parquet=09=09
=09=09=09
Energy Operations (*)=09Beck=09Causey=09Colwell
=09=09=09Oxley
=09=09=09
Business Analysis & Reporting/Tax (*)=09Colwell=09Causey=09Beck
=09Mintz=09=09
=09=09=09
Human Resources (*)=09Oxley=09Olson=09
=09=09=09
Public Relations (*)=09Palmer=09Kean=09
=09=09=09
NetWorks/Technology (*)=09Perlman=09Whalley/McConnell=09
(*) Note:  Global Functional Review meetings to be held for these areas.
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee:
Ray Bowen=09Mark Frevert=09Dan Leff (non ENA rep)=09David Oxley
Dave Delainey=09Brian Redmond=09George McClellan=09Mark Haedicke
Janet Dietrich=09Julia Murray=09Jeff Shankman=09Gary Hickerson
Jeff Donahue=09Jere Overdyke=09Marty Sunde (non ENA rep)=09John Lavorato
Outcomes of Business Review Meetings/ VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meetings:
o Calibration of employees into six gradations=20
o Promotion nominations below VP
o Assessment of  the =01&right people in the right jobs=018
o Assessment of gaps for what is needed in the Business Unit (skills,=20
capabilities, training,
experience)
o Top five HR challenges
o Feedback to employees on the results of the meetings, as applicable
Timeline
EP System Open for Feedback    May 17=20
PEP System Closes for Feedback    June 9=20
Feedback Collection/Initial Employee    May 17-June 12
Discussions  =20
Global Functional Review Meetings   June 12-June 16
ENA Business Review Meetings    June 12-July 25
ENA VP Pre-Ranking Committee Meeting  July 7
Enron Executive Committee meeting   July 31-Aug. 1
Jeff, can you spend a little time thinking about the current North American 
energy markets (very high energy prices, stretched infrastructure, etc) and 
determine which game changing or altering technologies, business models or 
existing corporate positions that will benefit from such price and volatility 
levels.
In particular, I think that Miller should take a look at coal gasification 
technologies, emissions technologies and DSM/efficiency technologies and how 
these investments may fit in the charter or our overall business.  As well, 
from a corporate development point of view which parts of the value chain ie) 
IPP, E&P, utility, assets, etc are undervalued given current commodity curves 
and expectations.
Can you get back to me with a few ideas in the next week or so - maybe it 
would help to go pick a few brains in various ENA orgs as part of your 
process.
Delainey
Mike, why would it cost $450 to $470/kw for the Moore project?  It is a 4 
unit ABB configuration and the turbine costs appear to be in line with Wilton 
7EA's on a kw basis.
Rob Milnthorp
06/02/2000 10:16 AM
Dave, the impression we are getting is that Houston thinks this deal is dead 
or on the back burner. Until you tell me otherwise, we are going full steam 
ahead. Is there any way that you can help us get the airtime we need down 
south? We are now down to crunch time, and I dont want to see this project 
slip away due to control groups dragging their feet.
Milnthorp
The following is a status update of key current items:
1. We continue to try to confirm the viability of the Peoples units.  We have 
not received NOx versus water injection data.  We still have not received the 
full noise spectrum data.  It looks like the only source for this is ABB and 
they're not fast.  Peoples and ourselves are going after ABB on these issues 
(and the possibility of a change order on the exciter design which doesn't 
meet Ontario specs).
- we have confirmed that the municipality can provide 600 USGPM of water, 
but the silica content has to be confirmed to see if it's a problem.  I met 
with Terra Industrial Tuesday and they remain interested in providing the 
treated water, but they would have to expand their treatment plant.  They can 
provide 1/3rd of the water required and their permit can handle the waste 
stream on regen for the full water flow - we're sorting out the optimum tank 
capacity versus treatment plant capacity sizing to meet reliability at 
minimum cost.  Bottom line is we've got options to handle this water flow and 
we can avoid trying to get a permit for waste water.
- we're going to use the noise consultant EE&CC used in conjunction with 
Agra Envir. in Canada to sort out the low frequency noise problem, and check 
the other frequencies against our nearest receptor, once we get the data from 
ABB.
- Peoples are checking with ABB on the possibility of a change order on the 
exciter design.
2. MCN/Columbus have come back on the other two N2 units - they want another 
$1 MM US and can't confirm any changes to the contract.
We are completing our comparison of the Peoples/MCN contracts - the MCN 
contract is much better (guarantees, liquidated damages etc.) but of course 
power output is less.
3. We kicked off Agra to prepare our permit amendment (using data from both 
the Peoples N2's and MCN N2's).
4. NEPCO capital cost estimate will be ready June 9th.  It looks like $2-3 MM 
will come out of the base estimate for the N1's due to the acceleration and 
winter work coming out.  They still have to do the N2 estimate.  There might 
be a chance to push this ahead to the end of the 7th if we were to pressure 
them more.
5. We feel we can increase our N1 output up by 6 MW at 90F without 
incremental O&M.  The Peoples units would add an incremental 40 MW at 90F.
Using the Peoples units our capital per kW at 90 F is $397 US/kW (using our 
original $156 MM incl. IDC estimate less $2 MM).
Using the MCN units our capital per kW at 90F is $443 US/kW.
Issues:
1. We are not getting great support from Houston in many areas, with the 
exception of some like Don Miller/Genco.  It appears that some groups like 
underwriting/RAC and structuring either are getting the message this project 
is not going ahead, or are taking our continued delays in approval to work on 
all of their other priorities (hoping that we will go away presumably Schedule becomes more of a concern every day.
2. The Ontario interconnection timing becomes more and more of a concern each 
day that passes as OH isn't the fastest working entity.  Aleck and Duncan 
continue to work the IMO/OHSC/OEB angles but with some of the rules not set 
yet we may need higher level pressure at some time soon.  I'll let you know.
Rob,this deal is not dead; I am primarly waiting on NEPCO numbers.
You should be moving down the road on the deconstruction, refurbishment and 
movement of the NB machines.   You should also be doing any development work 
(permits, interconnection agreements et al) you need to do to maintain the 
optionality of this project (let me know if the expenses get above $1MM).
Randy, please facilitate. Mike, can we put the screws to ABB given the 
significant transformer business we forwarded their way?
Laura, we probably need to make a call on the Peoples turbine pretty soon.
Eric/Rob, I think we need to see the project with IDC come in  between 350 to 
400/kw to be viable or I need a very detailed analysis of why it costs 
significantly more than a Frame 7 machine in the US markets.
I would like see us make this work.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
06/02/2000 10:16 AM
Dave, the impression we are getting is that Houston thinks this deal is dead 
or on the back burner. Until you tell me otherwise, we are going full steam 
ahead. Is there any way that you can help us get the airtime we need down 
south? We are now down to crunch time, and I dont want to see this project 
slip away due to control groups dragging their feet.
Milnthorp
The following is a status update of key current items:
1. We continue to try to confirm the viability of the Peoples units.  We have 
not received NOx versus water injection data.  We still have not received the 
full noise spectrum data.  It looks like the only source for this is ABB and 
they're not fast.  Peoples and ourselves are going after ABB on these issues 
(and the possibility of a change order on the exciter design which doesn't 
meet Ontario specs).
- we have confirmed that the municipality can provide 600 USGPM of water, 
but the silica content has to be confirmed to see if it's a problem.  I met 
with Terra Industrial Tuesday and they remain interested in providing the 
treated water, but they would have to expand their treatment plant.  They can 
provide 1/3rd of the water required and their permit can handle the waste 
stream on regen for the full water flow - we're sorting out the optimum tank 
capacity versus treatment plant capacity sizing to meet reliability at 
minimum cost.  Bottom line is we've got options to handle this water flow and 
we can avoid trying to get a permit for waste water.
- we're going to use the noise consultant EE&CC used in conjunction with 
Agra Envir. in Canada to sort out the low frequency noise problem, and check 
the other frequencies against our nearest receptor, once we get the data from 
ABB.
- Peoples are checking with ABB on the possibility of a change order on the 
exciter design.
2. MCN/Columbus have come back on the other two N2 units - they want another 
$1 MM US and can't confirm any changes to the contract.
We are completing our comparison of the Peoples/MCN contracts - the MCN 
contract is much better (guarantees, liquidated damages etc.) but of course 
power output is less.
3. We kicked off Agra to prepare our permit amendment (using data from both 
the Peoples N2's and MCN N2's).
4. NEPCO capital cost estimate will be ready June 9th.  It looks like $2-3 MM 
will come out of the base estimate for the N1's due to the acceleration and 
winter work coming out.  They still have to do the N2 estimate.  There might 
be a chance to push this ahead to the end of the 7th if we were to pressure 
them more.
5. We feel we can increase our N1 output up by 6 MW at 90F without 
incremental O&M.  The Peoples units would add an incremental 40 MW at 90F.
Using the Peoples units our capital per kW at 90 F is $397 US/kW (using our 
original $156 MM incl. IDC estimate less $2 MM).
Using the MCN units our capital per kW at 90F is $443 US/kW.
Issues:
1. We are not getting great support from Houston in many areas, with the 
exception of some like Don Miller/Genco.  It appears that some groups like 
underwriting/RAC and structuring either are getting the message this project 
is not going ahead, or are taking our continued delays in approval to work on 
all of their other priorities (hoping that we will go away presumably Schedule becomes more of a concern every day.
2. The Ontario interconnection timing becomes more and more of a concern each 
day that passes as OH isn't the fastest working entity.  Aleck and Duncan 
continue to work the IMO/OHSC/OEB angles but with some of the rules not set 
yet we may need higher level pressure at some time soon.  I'll let you know.
This is great - please update and forward weekly.
Delainey
Susan Helton
06/02/2000 11:20 AM
Attached is the Vitro Project Summary.
Eric, I am on the road - I really don't have much to say. We have had very 
little interaction.
Delainey
Good job - Randy.
Live to fight another day - I don't know if you know but I settled with Fort 
James - we ripped up all three contracts for no money that netted us 
approximately $15M in value through the elimination of the two power 
contracts in the NW.  Wertz was on the other side.  Thought you might want to 
know.
Thanks
Delainey
This is great Rob!
Delainey
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting, June 2, 2000.
Date:  Friday June 2, 2000
Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm
Location: 30C1
Topic:   Combined Staff and Budget Meeting
If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Rodney, please give Cliff a call.  I spoke with him today.  He will handle Please fill him in on your discussions to date.
Thanks
Delainey
Dave,
The Bid Offer is now officially at $0 - $17MM - See below offer from Merrill.
Below is the response from Dan Gordon who was my counterpart at Merrill after 
my discussion with him where I told him I wanted to just terminate the trade 
without paying any fees.  I had asked Dan to come up with a number they would 
think appropriate for terminating the trade.  I also discussed the deal with 
their relationship officer Robert Furst so they are all engaged.  I think Dan 
is simply trying to elicit a higher first bid from us without him doing any 
work or potentially leaving any money on the table since it is us that wants 
to unwind the trade.
I have Rogers Herndon pulling some information on how much the position has 
moved since we did the deal.  I also have him working through what we would 
have done if we owned the deal i.e. how much gas basis risk we would have 
mitigated and what the value would be now as well and any other hedges we 
would have put on and the value of them now.  This will give us information 
to either negotiate or at least get a better picture of what a better offer 
should be.  I have also notified Elizabeth Sager, our lawyer, to dig back in 
and get back up to speed on the deal to prepare to discuss it 
As I see it our options are: 
Option 1:  Negotiate
Rogers/Kevin/Myself go to NY and negotiate/highlight the risks in the deal 
with ML
Option 2: Relationship Play
Either myself or Cliff start leaning on the relationship people at ML to 
force ML into a more realistic first offer 
Let me know your thoughts on how you want to proceed.
Rodney
Rodney-
Merrill Lynch has reviewed the transaction that was executed with Enron in
December, 1999 involving physically and financially settled call options on
certain mid-continent peakers owned by Enron.  At that time, a fee of
approximately $17 million was charged to execute the transaction.
Since the execution of the trade, Merrill Lynch has had to manage the risk
associated with the sizeable position as well as hedge certain gas basis
risks that Merrill Lynch was obligated to assume in order to accommodate the
accounting treatment desired by Enron as part of the transaction.
Additionally, as I am sure that you and your traders are aware, the position
has considerably appreciated in value since trade execution.
Even with these factors, Merrill Lynch is prepared to accommodate Enron's
request to terminate the transaction in exchange for a fee of $17 million.
This fee encompasses the original fee that Enron had agreed to pay to
Merrill Lynch and does not take into consideration any of Merrill Lynch's
hedge breakage costs or our foregone upside in the trade.
Should you wish to discuss the matter further, please do not hesitate to
contact me.
, as always.
Dan Gordon
Eric, we need more than $2M saving to get this deal to clear the hurdle.  I 
think we need to get to $350 to $400/kw firm including IDC to make this 
viable.  Please ensure that NEPCO is working to figure out the disconnect.
Delainey
Dick , I appreciate the effort on the Moore project - I would hope that there 
is more than a $2m saving in the scope.  This plant is still showing $460 to 
$470/Kw given current economics.  I am still puzzled by this.
Delainey
Dave,
Re schedule:
1.  We are proceeding with the kick-off of the permit amendment, and will be 
using a combination of both the MCN and Calumet N2 unit data.  Per my phone 
message, it will take about a week or two to prepare the amendment at a cost 
up to $10,000 US, and then eight weeks to get the amendment.  We should be 
able to commence site work without the amendment, to the point of completing 
foundations, based on previous discussions with the Municipality, County and 
Ontario Ministry of Envir..
Even though this work is not in our $35 MM US original DASH budget, we are 
planning to proceed with this unless you've got a problem with it.
2.  NEPCO have preliminarily re-worked the schedule now on the N1 
disassembly, move and install, and the N2 installation.  They believe they 
need to get on site by the third week in June to begin site clearing in order 
to initiate foundation work by mid July.  Between June 15 and July 15 they 
would do the foundation design - this should be on the generous side given 
that we had done some foundation design last fall, and with MCN at least have 
some of the N2 foundation work already done by ABB.
Whether it's June 21 or 30 to start the site clearing, the schedule is 
getting tight.
Re capital cost estimate:
3.  NEPCO is able to complete the revised capital cost estimate on the N1/N2 
case by June 9th at the latest (they're looking at moving it up to the 5th or 
6th if they work the weekend).  They have a problem at the moment as they are 
moving offices over this weekend and will lose about 4 days.  They will have 
a revised estimate on the N1 case by the end of next week - it looks today 
like the cost savings for no acceleration and winter work and being able to 
barge the units versus railing them, will all be worth at least $2 MM US. 
I'm assuming we would take the capital costs estimate into our DASH as soon 
as the estimate is ready and go for approval, so that we can meet schedule I'm not sure where you stand on the "roll-up" approval on Moore, Pastoria and 
Las Vegas if the latter two don't go into Genco.
Meanwhile, progress through RAC on the DASH continues.
Re N2 units:
4.  We continue to sort out whether the Calumet units might work from a noise 
and water perspective.  We still haven't seen the MCN/Columbus counter on the 
other units but they claim it's coming.
Dave, I am going to send Shawn your way - he has extensive development, asset 
and project finance experience.  I would like him under your supervision to 
manage our coal power development strategy - like we discussed it could be a 
very robust strategy with multiple exit points.  I strongly believe that coal 
needs to come back into the stack and that the existing development teams 
(Parquet & Jacoby) are already buried under mid-stream gas development 
opportunities.
This would incorporate acquisitions, development, technology,  asset sales, 
emissions credits & technology, fuel supply and power sales.
Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.
Delainey
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
11/27/2000 04:51 PM
Dave:
and patience today.
For now, I'll park the theoretical and focus on the practical.  (we can pick 
up the other topics later over beers sometime)
I completely agree that the US coal-genco business can offer a huge near-term 
win for those that move swiftly.
Thanks for offering me the shot to capitalize on it.
Shawn
John, great job!
Please, work with Jeff to move the longer term deal along.
Delainey
I would like to personally thank and congratulate everyone involved in 
helping ENA bring closure to the NSTAR wholesale power transaction.  Any 
transaction of this nature requires support from many people and I appreciate 
everyone's hard work in making this transaction a reality.  In addition, I 
believe ENA is well positioned for a longer term transaction with NSTAR.   I 
would encourage John Llodra and Jeff Ader to work closely together to create 
the best value proposition for Enron on the long term deal.
Strict Confidentiality language is embedded in the 6-month NSTAR transaction, 
and it is extremely important that everyone involved honors the zero 
tolerance nature of this Confidentiality provision.  The bottom line is that 
we cannot disclose anything about this deal to any third partiies, including 
the mere existence of the deal.   If we do not respect this provision fully, 
we will jeapordize our goodwill with the customer and thus our ability to 
move forward with a longer term transaction.  In addtion, there could be 
negative legal ramnifications.
Thanks again for a job well done.  If I missed anyone who was involved in the 
transaction, please forward this e-mail to those individuals.
Guys, I will set up a monthly meeting between myself and you guys to discuss 
deal flow, priorities and strategy - I think you will find that more 
effective and I can keep the other meeting small.
Kay, please set up.
Delainey
Eric Thode@
05/26/2000 01:32 PM
Dave 
Effective May 19, I have replaced Elisabeth McCabe as head of ENA's Public 
Relations department.  With the recent reconfiguration of the ENA staff 
meeting, public relations has not been included.  I believe it is important 
to be in attendance at the weekly staff meetings, so public relations can 
stay abreast of the various deals/projects and be prepared to handle the 
public relations surrounding them.
I would like to request that I be added to the list of regular attendees Additionally, I believe it would be helpful for Kathryn Corbally from 
Corporate Investor Relations to be in attendance as well.  She attended the 
meetings in the past and should be included for the same reasons.  If you 
would like to discuss this issue, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Thanks.
Eric Thode
Ben,  why are we distributing this?
It is inaccurate and I'm not sure I want it floating around the place.
Delainey
Thank you,
Ben Thomason
CTG Contacts:
Ron Coker  (713) 345-8992
Ben Thomason (713) 345-8802
Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so 
that the risk guys can take a look at him.  If that can't be done then give 
me a call.
Delainey
Rob, I think we should renew the flame for the three year period.  My 
understanding is that it is $75 K Cdn per year roughly.  Not paid up-front 
and cancellable if Flames leave Calgary or disappear.  Expense in Canada.  It 
is your call ultimately.
Delainey
Janet, I though we signed a turnkey with NEPCO - there should not be any 
overruns to your P&L if that is the case.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
05/25/2000 08:30 AM
Dave, since the ENA power desk will be receiving 100% of all earnings related 
to the City of Austin capacity, it's only appropriate that any cost overruns 
will be sent directly to their P/L. There isn't anything that leads me to 
believe there will be overruns, but you know how that goes with NEPCO and I 
want to be very clear up front that if something should occur, I have no 
ability to offset the cost with other Austin earnings. 
I'd also like to set aside some time when we can talk thru several business 
items/issues. The teaser list is as follows:  continuing internal noise 
between the desks and origination groups related to deals and primarily the 
P/L split (any maybe a few solutions), the followup and status and 
recommendations on the global LNG business and ENA's interest (I've had 
meetings with Doug Rotenburg, Vince Kiminski, others, and new info from our 
Duke meeting), status of Chicago office, clarification on leftover items from 
Columbia acquisition last year, employee hiring/contracts,  etc.
Maybe we can get together this afternoon or tomorrow. How about the status of 
the FP&L meeting with Jim Broadhead?
Janet R Dietrich
05/25/2000 08:04 AM
Hey guys. I would like an outline of the City of Austin project as far as how 
this will be managed from ENA's standpoint. My understanding is that Jeff 
Keenan will be the Project Manager for ENA and will be entirely responsible 
for the implementation of all aspects to bring the plant to commercial 
operations. This would include schedule, permitting, interconnect agreements, 
managing NEPCO to the $88.3 million total cost, etc. Everyone needs to 
realize that this team will realize a true loss on any overruns above the 
$88.3 million. I've asked Tammy Shepherd to set up a budget, schedule and 
weekly distribution similarly to how we handled Doyle and the other projects. 
I'm assuming that this team is managing everything related to the Austin 
project and is accountable for its successful implementation. 
If we need to discuss anything related to the above, let me know.  Thanks.
John and Dave:
Does Wednesday May 31 at 2PM work for you ? Please let me know.
,      Ed
Vince J Kaminski
05/23/2000 06:17 PM
Dave,
I will be glad to participate.
Vince
Sent by: Kay Chapman
During our off-site at Columbia Lakes recently,  we identified areas in ENA 
where significant gaps exist that need filling at the Analyst and Associate 
level.  We have scheduled an off-cycle Super Saturday on June 3, 2000 and I 
would like your participation as an interviewer.  We will need approximately  
25-30 interviewers to fill approximately 30 Associate & Analyst positions.  I 
am counting on everyone making themselves available on the third to 
facilitate this priority action item.
Ted Bland will be forwarding information concerning the event to each of you 
early next week 
Thank you for your participation 
Dave
Jere C Overdyke
05/24/2000 08:58 AM
I plan on attending the Super Saturday.
Jere
Guys, Wes is going to come talk to you about booking more value in Mariner in 
order to meet Global Finance and ENA targets.  I want a view from you guys of 
what is the prudent carry value for Mariner assuming current gas prices and 
the reserve increases assumed to coming.  Keep in mind what would be a 
reasonble sale value for the asset mid-next year as per our plan.
Delainey
I think it would be great if Dan and Kevin could participate.
Delainey
Dave, I am set on this.  Do you want me to schedule Reck - McGowan as well?
Sent by: Kay Chapman
During our off-site at Columbia Lakes recently,  we identified areas in ENA 
where significant gaps exist that need filling at the Analyst and Associate 
level.  We have scheduled an off-cycle Super Saturday on June 3, 2000 and I 
would like your participation as an interviewer.  We will need approximately  
25-30 interviewers to fill approximately 30 Associate & Analyst positions.  I 
am counting on everyone making themselves available on the third to 
facilitate this priority action item.
Ted Bland will be forwarding information concerning the event to each of you 
early next week 
Thank you for your participation 
Dave
During our off-site at Columbia Lakes recently,  we identified areas in ENA 
where significant gaps exist that need filling at the Analyst and Associate 
level.  We have scheduled an off-cycle Super Saturday on June 3, 2000 and I 
would like your participation as an interviewer.  We will need approximately  
25-30 interviewers to fill approximately 30 Associate & Analyst positions.  I 
am counting on everyone making themselves available on the third to 
facilitate this priority action item.
Ted Bland will be forwarding information concerning the event to each of you 
early next week 
Thank you for your participation 
Dave
This note is to confirm the 1:00 pm conference call on Wednesday, May 24 
regarding Ecogas/Branson issues.  It will take place in EB3389 or by calling 
in to  Randy's phone number at 713.853.3212.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.  Thank you.
This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River 
Oaks Grill
DATE :    MAY 23, 2000
PLACE:    WINE ROOM
RIVER OAKS GRILL
2630 WESTHEIMER
713/520-1738
TIME:     6:30 PM
DRESS CODE:   BUSINESS CASUAL (no Jacket required), NO JEANS
KHAKIS/with Jacket
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or 
Beverly (57857)
I look forward to seeing you there.
This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River 
Oaks Grill
DATE :    MAY 23, 2000
PLACE:    WINE ROOM
RIVER OAKS GRILL
2630 WESTHEIMER
713/520-1738
TIME:     6:30 PM
DRESS CODE:   BUSINESS CASUAL, NO JEANS, JACKET WITH KHAKIS OK
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or 
Beverly (57857)
I look forward to seeing you there.
Kevin, I would like more detail on these issues of which I was not aware lets discuss next week.
Delainey
Dave,
To the extent you feel it is truly in ENA's best interest, Ed and I are 
prepared to honor your wishes with respect to Tom Swank joining the 
mid-market group.   However, it should be noted that we (as a group) have 
significant reservations about Tom disrupting the chemistry in our group The input from all of my my key guys (including Rogers who worked with Swank 
at Dynegy for a number of years) was negative regarding Tom as a member of 
our team.
We are concerned about his longevity in the group and his work ethic in 
general.  Again, I am prepared to respect your decision (particularly since 
you control my paycheck) and give Tom the benefit of the doubt, but I wanted 
to express my reservations.
Please let me know your thoughts
Any ideas?  These guys (John & Jere) just can't get it together.
Delainey
David W Delainey
05/19/2000 05:12 PM
Jere, I understand your frustruation and I am very motived to prove out the 
insurance product; however, I do think John has a legitimate concern 
(especially given the fact that this group blew up very publically internally 
and externally and we need to repair the image internally and market 
perception externally in order to be successful in the future) surrounding 
multiple groups covering the same customers with different stories.  You guys 
could not work this out - so I offered a compromise position which involved a 
well coordinated test marketing iniative (this was agreed to by you and John 
at the offsite):
a) the insurance group was to identify the initial 5 to 10 target customer 
list that ENA would pitch the product to which should give us a determination 
if this is a commercially viable product;
b) John and Scott would facilitate the contact with the customers to ensure 
a consistent face and story with the customers - if you guys can sit down and 
come up with an alternative that works for you - great; regardless, John had 
promised me that he would do everything necessary to facilitate and promote 
this capability to these customers ASAP;
c) both groups would put a deal team together and get out there ASAP;
d) if the test marketing of the product is successful; I agree that we need 
to sit down and discuss how we formally allign the interests of these groups.
This appears to be a reasonable and logical approach on an interim basis.
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
05/18/2000 08:50 AM
We are heading down the road of a gate keeper approach which has proven very 
inefficient at Enron in the past.    Our group has already canceled a meeting 
with the CFO of Vintage because of this approach.  Rerarding  industry 
relationships, George Carrick, Mark Tawney and I have extensive relationships 
throughout the upstream sector, know the decision makers and can set up our 
own meetings, all in coordination with the upstream group.  At this time I am 
waiting on John's group to set up our meetings.  Seems very inefficient.
The main objective is to determine if there is demand for the product.  I 
will continue to coordinate through John but we need to meet to clarify roles 
and responsibilities of all parties - how will deals be structured, who will 
price, who will negotiate transaction, etc 
Jere, I understand your frustruation and I am very motived to prove out the 
insurance product; however, I do think John has a legitimate concern 
(especially given the fact that this group blew up very publically internally 
and externally and we need to repair the image internally and market 
perception externally in order to be successful in the future) surrounding 
multiple groups covering the same customers with different stories.  You guys 
could not work this out - so I offered a compromise position which involved a 
well coordinated test marketing iniative (this was agreed to by you and John 
at the offsite):
a) the insurance group was to identify the initial 5 to 10 target customer 
list that ENA would pitch the product to which should give us a determination 
if this is a commercially viable product;
b) John and Scott would facilitate the contact with the customers to ensure 
a consistent face and story with the customers - if you guys can sit down and 
come up with an alternative that works for you - great; regardless, John had 
promised me that he would do everything necessary to facilitate and promote 
this capability to these customers ASAP;
c) both groups would put a deal team together and get out there ASAP;
d) if the test marketing of the product is successful; I agree that we need 
to sit down and discuss how we formally allign the interests of these groups.
This appears to be a reasonable and logical approach on an interim basis.
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
05/18/2000 08:50 AM
We are heading down the road of a gate keeper approach which has proven very 
inefficient at Enron in the past.    Our group has already canceled a meeting 
with the CFO of Vintage because of this approach.  Rerarding  industry 
relationships, George Carrick, Mark Tawney and I have extensive relationships 
throughout the upstream sector, know the decision makers and can set up our 
own meetings, all in coordination with the upstream group.  At this time I am 
waiting on John's group to set up our meetings.  Seems very inefficient.
The main objective is to determine if there is demand for the product.  I 
will continue to coordinate through John but we need to meet to clarify roles 
and responsibilities of all parties - how will deals be structured, who will 
price, who will negotiate transaction, etc 
Tom, you are making the right call - give me a day or two to manage the 
positions.
Delainey
fyi
John Swafford spoke with David Vander in Wes' group last Tuesday and informed 
him that, after reviewing matters, the Corp. State and Local Group had 
reduced the charge to ENA from $821,000 to $321,000.  This reduction goes far 
to bringing costs in line with those from last year and, the remainder of the 
increase, relates to the expansion of support at Corp. related to the 
expansion of ENA's business.   .  Steve.
David W Delainey
11/22/2000 03:05 PM
Steve, what is the status?
Delainey
I spoke with Bob Hermann this afternoon and, in short, the single biggest 
contributor to the increase in the corporate tax allocation relates to the 
expansion of state and local tax support being provided to our new "business 
verticals" - that is, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets and 
Enron Net Works - which expense should be specifically allocated to such 
groups rather than ENA, as is currently the case.  I will follow up with you 
regarding the revised number after I have resolved the allocation issue  .  Steve. 
David W Delainey
11/10/2000 12:53 PM
Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than 
doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie) $1,600,000 from $700,000.  Could 
you please explain.  Our goal which is being met in ENA's direct expense 
groups is to remain flat year or year from 2000 to 2001.
Delainey
Guys, Swank has confirmed with me that he is committed to join the mid-market 
group in east power and make a difference.  I would strongly support his 
movement into either SERC or ECAR as per our earlier discussion 
I hope to be moving several experienced dealmakers into the gas and power 
mid-market groups to increase our deal-making skills and relationships in 
those markets.  I would also hope to move a reasonable number of new 
associates (that only rotate within trading and mid-market) to the various 
desks.  The goal is  to increase the bench strength of the trading and 
mid-market groups plus support John's iniatives on the fundamental groups.
Delainey
This will confirm our dinner meeting to be held May 23, 2000 at the River 
Oaks Grill
DATE    MAY 23, 2000
PLACE   WINE ROOM
RIVER OAKS GRILL
2630 WESTHEIMER
(713) 520-1738
TIME    6:30 PM
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Kay (30643) or 
Beverly (57857)
I will look forward to seeing you there.
Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues. just you and I is 
fine.
Delainey
Dave,
a)  I do not believe Skilling is aware of the latest updates on our efforts 
to syndicate some of the Canadian exposures.  To my knowledge, the last time 
it was brought to his attention was March 1999 (Blue Range default).  We do 
report our top exposures to him and the Board which includes CNR, 
Petro-Canada, and Talisman on a quarterly basis.  Rob and team are actively 
working with my team to mitigate exposures through other measures.
b) I will be happy to provide insight as needed.  The riskiest commercial 
objections are from Lagrasta's group.
c) We have received margin from Sempra and Duke.  We have a valuation dispute 
with Statoil and are actively working through the details.
Let me know if you need further information.
Bill
David W Delainey
05/01/2000 07:04 PM
Guys, I went throught the Credit Margin Exception Report for 4/24/00.  This 
shows our excess credit exposure at approximately $ 391M (after guarantees I have a couple of questions:
a) Canada (>$200M) - Rick/Bill/Rob - Is the board and Skilling aware of the 
credit positions and OK?   I know Rob has been working on    mitigation plans;
b) Commercial Objections: (>$67M)
- Paper - Edward ($27M) - The report shows a number of commerical 
objections to calling for collateral ie) Repap,  Times Mirror and Waste Mgt. Can you give me a call to discuss - we may need documentation to support;
- Gas/Mid-Mkt - Jeff ($29M)- Do you own Cross Timbers Oil Co, Torch Energy, 
Aurora Natural Gas, Seneca Resource Corp and Cody Energy?   We have in these 
cases additional commercial objections to calling for collateral - lets 
discuss;
- Mariner  ($9M)- Ray we are showing a collateral need of approx. $9.0M given our equity position this may be moot;however, lets discuss.
c) Margin Call (>$51M) - Rick/Bill - have we been successful in getting the 
margin posted by Sempra, Statoil and Duke?
Canada is a tricky issue; however, we should be able to work down the 
commercial objections and collect on the margin calls to get the number down. 
Delainey
Kay, try and schedule me in
FYI - a meeting has been scheduled for May 30 regarding the above subject If your schedule permits, please feel free to attend.  Also, I am in the 
process of locating a different room for this meeting.  I will keep you 
informed of the change.
Thanks and please call if you have any questions.
gngr 
Enron Energy Services
I have confirmed a date and time with all involved for the above "subject" 
meeting.  Please note the date and time on your schedules.  Also, dinner will 
be ordered for this meeting.
Date:  May 30, 2000
Time:  4pm-8pm
Location: EB47C1
Assistants: Thanks for all of your help in scheduling this meeting, I really 
appreciate it and please call me if you have any further questions.
gngr
FYI
Jere C Overdyke
05/17/2000 02:48 PM
I will have Doug Jones contact Redmond and Thompson today regarding Reading Bates.  I will also have a list of targeted customers by the end of the day.
Jere
Larry and Joe, 
Is there any additional moral pressure that we can put on Westinghouse to get 
the resources needed to expedite the resolution of the Gleason 501FD issues  
and the vibration issues at Wheatland?  The phone call by Larry to GE has 
made a world of difference.
Delainey
Gavin Gaul@_DEVELOPMENT
05/17/2000 03:01 PM
Mark,
We have been working diligently with Westinghouse to get a schedule for the 
removal and modification of the blade rings at Gleason.  I requested 
Westinghouse begin to prepare for this work on Sunday after you confirmed 
that we could no longer tolerate the operating restriction being added to the 
unit.  Based on discussions with Westinghouse on Sunday, we estimated that 
the work could be completed in 14 days.  The site began disassembly of unit 
#2 on Monday.  Unit #1 disassembly began on Tuesday because we had to wait 
for the unit to cool down 
The first verbal schedule from Westinghouse was received Monday night.  It 
showed the blade rings being machined in series at a single shop and resulted 
in the lasy unit being delayed about 4 days.  I told Westinghouse this would 
not be acceptable and that the blade rings needed to be machined in 
parallel.  Westinghouse agreed and has made a second shop available.  Another 
schedule was published yesterday afternoon that required an additional step 
in the disassembly that I felt was not required and added a day to the 
duration.  Westinghouse suggested that we remove the compressor blades from 
the rotor before we remove the blade rings.  I have since concluded that 
removing the rotor blades first is in fact the correct procedure. 
As we discussed at the meeting this morning, this schedule for the blade 
rings, which has been at the site since last night,  will be distributed to 
everyone today.  In addition, the site will incorporate the remaining startup 
activities and issue an integrated schedule tonight.
As we discussed at the meeting this morning, it is very unlikely that Gleason 
#1 and #2 can be available by June 1.  Our optimistic estimate from the 
meeting this morning was June 4-7.
Gavin
John/Gavin -
We have made progress over the last week in getting GE attention focused on 
the emissions problems at Lincoln.  After 6 days of daily conferences on the 
subject, GE has arrived in force at Lincoln, with the personnel and resources 
required to address the problem.  We are not out of the woods yet, but I 
believe everything is now being done that can be done to get as many machines 
available as possible by June 1.
Enron needs the same focus from Westinghouse, on  issues currently plagueing 
Wheatland and Gleason.  Unlike Lincoln, where the machines are capable of 
producing MW's, these two sites have units that cannot operate.  Namely, 
vibration issues on units 1 and 2 at Wheatland and compressor blade ring 
issues on units 1 and 2 at Gleason.
ENA has been requesting since Monday this week, a definitve and complete 
schedule from EECC, showing the disassembly, shipping, machining, reassembly 
and testing of units 1 and 2 blade rings at Gleason.  We still do not have 
this schedule.  Furthermore, it would appear that after this morning's 
meeting, there is some confusion on what work actually needs to be performed 
in order to accomplish this task and what impact that may have on the 14-day 
schedule committed to ENA by Gavin Gaul on 5/15.  I am not sure whether the 
communication breakdown is between business units at Westinghouse or between 
Enron and Westinghouse, but a schedule and plan is the first step towards 
getting the work done and we are two days into the work.  I am expecting this 
plan to be circulated today.
Lastly, although we have been verbally assured by Westinghouse that there 
will be no operating restrictions, other than routine borescope inspections 
during off-peak periods, OEC would be more comfortable getting this in 
writing.  We are requesting a formal notice from Westinghouse, identifying 
any operational restrictions (post-blade ring repair) on these units.
If there is any assistance you require, please do not hesitate to request 
it.  We collectively have 14 days to declare all 15 units ready for 
commercial operation.
MSD 
I am in Florida - I think I am available the night of the 24th for the 
baseball game.
Kay please follow up - I would like to make the game.
Delainey
Rob, Andy Fastow is the only one who has not signed the DASH.  He may have a 
few questions please give him a call.  Otherwise, Kay Chapman and/or Mark 
Frank have the DASH.  I have signed.
Delainey
Tammy, please ensure that budgets and cost tracking similar to the 
peakers/Doyle are set up ASAP for Austin and Vitro.  These should be updated 
and circulated weely.
Delainey
FYI
David W Delainey
05/17/2000 07:10 PM
Jere, I spoke with Scott on these targets and his belief is that both 
himself, Allen and John have significant relationships with these folks which 
should help leverage your product into this sector. Scott and John have 
agreed to set up these meetings with the decision makers in these targets 
with no delay.  From there, you, John and Scott can determine what deal team 
will go speak to them about the opportunities.  I would expect that we will 
be in front of these folks ASAP.  Lets see how the product is embraced by 
these customers before we extend the target list and create a more formal 
alignment of the groups.  As per your earlier e-mail, I assume you are 
working on the Reeding & Bates opportunity.
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
05/17/2000 04:38 PM
Attached is a preliminary list of customers that we would like to contact This list will change as we receive more information from the market.  We are 
available to meet with John and Scott.  This needs to be an ENA team effort.
Jere
Doug Jones@
05/17/2000 04:34 PM
Jere,
The following is a preliminary list of potential candidates for the Reliable 
Reserves product:
Prize Energy
Swift Energy
St. Mary Land
Pioneer Natural Resources
Nuevo Energy
Vintage Petroleum
Santa Fe Synder
Tom Brown
Ken, in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan, my suggestion would 
be to offer up the Falcon for their use; however, given the tight time frame 
and your recent visit with Mr. Fox that it would be difficult for either you 
or me to participate.
I spoke to Max and he agrees with this approach.
I hope this meets with your approval.
Delainey
Jere, I spoke with Scott on these targets and his belief is that both 
himself, Allen and John have significant relationships with these folks which 
should help leverage your product into this sector. Scott and John have 
agreed to set up these meetings with the decision makers in these targets 
with no delay.  From there, you, John and Scott can determine what deal team 
will go speak to them about the opportunities.  I would expect that we will 
be in front of these folks ASAP.  Lets see how the product is embraced by 
these customers before we extend the target list and create a more formal 
alignment of the groups.  As per your earlier e-mail, I assume you are 
working on the Reeding & Bates opportunity.
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
05/17/2000 04:38 PM
Attached is a preliminary list of customers that we would like to contact This list will change as we receive more information from the market.  We are 
available to meet with John and Scott.  This needs to be an ENA team effort.
Jere
Doug Jones@
05/17/2000 04:34 PM
Jere,
The following is a preliminary list of potential candidates for the Reliable 
Reserves product:
Prize Energy
Swift Energy
St. Mary Land
Pioneer Natural Resources
Nuevo Energy
Vintage Petroleum
Santa Fe Synder
Tom Brown
Mike, I forwarded your interest to Whalley, McConnel and McMahon.  Any=20
technology effort really should be lead by NetWorks.  This is consistent with=20
Skillings strategy and what has been communicated to the analysts.  You=20
should receive a call from one of these gentlemen.
Delainey
David, =20
I hope all is well.  I had another good week at pulp and paper.  As you know=20
I have an affinity for technology trading.  I thought you would enjoy the=20
fine words below as you start a new week. =20
Time is your most precious possession-and the hands of time move swiftly=20
onward.  Fasten this warning deep into your mind, not for sorrow=01,s sake, but=20
to remind yourself that today may be all you have.  Now is the time for you=20
to move forward. Now is the time for you to stand and be counted.  The ground=20
is now ready for you to plant the seeds of a new vision, one that will bear=20
only the finest fruit.  It is time to focus on what you want, to turn dreams=20
into realities so that you are able to spend your life in the manner in which=20
you desire.  It is later than you think.    Too many of us waste our years=20
waiting for better times in the future or reflecting upon better times in the=20
past, instead of working for better times in the present.    If=20
only we had better schooling, better opportunities, or better resources.=20
If,if,if!  Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow! =20
Today is always here; yesterday is gone; and tomorrow never comes.  Time=20
offers opportunity but demands a sense of urgency.  Now is the time.  This is=20
the place.  You are the one!
Those who leave a legacy of achievement master the art of living in the now-=20
the ability to make each moment count.  Here are their tips.
? First, they accept each moment as a gift to be received with joy.
? Second, they use each moment to maximum advantage.
? Third, they are bent on making a contribution to humanity.
? Fourth, they learn from their mistakes.
? Fifth, they concentrate on the task at hand.
? Sixth, they plan for the future rather than fretting over the past.
? Seventh, they simply refuse to allow the weight of an unpleasant=20
circumstance to encumber their thoughts or objectives.
=20
Dennis P. Kimbroa
I think technology is made up of a number of tradable commodities.  These=20
commodities are volatile and trading them will add value to ENA.  I would=20
like the opportunity to create this group.
Best wishes,
M. A. Moulton=20
This looks good Mike - I appreciate the efforts.
Regard
Delainey
Looks rather impressive.
Good job.
Delainey
Jere, please forward the list of targets. Let me speak initially with John lets try and get this done today.  I appreciate the effort on the peakers As well, I would suggest we start discussions with  Reeding & Bates which 
according to both Redmond and Thompson is a live deal.
Thanks
Delainey
Jere C Overdyke
05/17/2000 07:48 AM
I was out of town last week on vacation.  The peaker project is moving 
ahead.  George Carrick and John met last week regarding upstream activities No final resolution. I have a voice mail in to John and will get things 
worked out this week.  The most important issue is to get into market place 
and test product with another transaction.
Jere
Thxs Joe -much appreciated.
Dave
Joseph W Sutton@_DEVELOPMENT
05/16/2000 12:15 PM
Done, Larry and his team fully understands the importance. They are working 
on tuning the machines. Hopefully not more thana couple of days. Joe
David W Delainey@ECT
05/15/2000 05:50 PM
Joe, I would appreciate a quick call by you to Larry to ensure that his 
organization is focused to get these plants over the goal line ASAP.  We 
still have technical issues with the vendor that need to be addressed.  I 
believe EE&CC is working the issues; however, a phone call from you to 
emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement.
Thanks.
Delainey
David W Delainey
05/15/2000 04:42 PM
Guys, I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I 
thought we were targeting 750 MW.  What is the updated availability schedule 
for each unit?  We are only a couple of weeks from June 1.  Please advise.
Delainey
Rob, does the new contract have the same price or is it an increase?   If it 
is at the same price, I would agree with Barry that this is a very visable 
display of Enron Canada's participation in the business and social community 
and it should continue to sponsor the flame.  On the accounting front, 
expense it in Canada - it will be an explainable variance for this year and 
budgeted next.
Let discuss
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
05/15/2000 06:55 PM
Dave, any thoughts re continued sponsorship/advertising for the Calgary 
Flames.?
Barry Tycholiz
05/15/2000 05:52 PM
Rob, further to our conversation. I have had attached a couple of the notes 
recently sent to the PR group.  Historically, the expense for this 
advertising has been paid by the Houston. The overall expense item was not 
that large and Corp was paying because generally they were not supporting any 
other expense in Calgary and deemed this request reasonable.  If possible I 
would ask that you secure approval from Delainey with   to the renewal 
of this item.
Needless to say, this Flame has been a flagship for Enron in the Hockey 
community and our association with the Flames ownership committee does not go 
unnoticed !
Please let me know if you need anything but our basic request is corporate 
approval to reimburse canada for the next 3 years @ approx. $ 50,000.00 
US/year. 
Thanks in advance, Barry  
Kal Shah
05/02/2000 12:25 PM
Barry -- While PR can approve the look and feel of the sign, the cost would 
have to be approved by ENA Chairman's office.  Generally, it has been my 
understanding that each commercial group pays for such marketing expenses 
from its own budget.  As I am no longer working in the PR group, it would be 
best if you contact the Chairman's office directly to present the business 
case and request expense approval.
Kal Shah
x 39354
Barry Tycholiz
05/02/2000 01:13 PM
Kal,  further to my previous e-mail. This note is to advise as to the final 
costs that will be associated with the renewal of the Enron sponsorship.
We have negotiated a 3 year deal with the Calgary Flames.  Can you please 
verify via e-mail that ECC will be reimbursed by ENA for this annual 
advertising expense.  Upon receipt of the invoice, we will process payment 
and coordinate this on your behalf. 
Nov 2000 - Nov 2001        $68,000 + 7 % Tax = $72,760. / $ 1.47 ( Currency 
).  Approx. $ 50,000.00 US/Year advertising expense. 
Invoicing for this up coming season will be in the next couple of months.  I 
will also coordinate the execution of all documents regarding legal 
liability, renewal rights etc 
Thanks in advance. Barry 
Sent by: Margaret A Nadasky
Barry, I've forwarded your e-mail to Kal Shah.  He handles marketing for 
ENA.  He will be in touch.
marge
Guys, I appreciate the updates. Please ensure 1) that you, as ENA, are 
integrated 2) deliver a very clear expectation with EE&CC with a credible 
plan and 3) that you scream bloody murder if a deliverable is missed.  You 
will need to bird-dog this to closure on an hourly basis to ensure that we 
get over the goal line.
Keep me in the loop daily so that I can keep the pressure on at a senior 
level.
Delainey
From Mike Miller and Mitch Robinson
John -
After today's conference call regarding the peakers and after today's failed 
attempt to commercially dispatch two of the units at the Lincoln facility, we 
see the following action items that need immediate resolution in order to get 
the peakers back on schedule:
Lincoln:
1.  Discussion with GE at sufficiently high level to determine whether any GE 
units at any sites have ever made <9 ppm NOx with CO <25 ppm (M. Dobler has 
initiated this discussion with Michelle April of GE).
2.  A detailed plan of attack from GE to get the units within guarantee 
emission limits.
3.  Resolution of the HMI sluggish response issue complete with a plan of 
attack.  The units can be run, but are clearly not ready for commercial 
operation with the sluggish HMI.
Wheatland:
1.  A plan of attack from Westinghouse to correct the fuel valves (and/or 
nozzles) on units 1 and 2.  Currently, the units can not be run reliably at 
base load.
2.  Plan of attack and schedule to correct the vibrations on 1 & 2.
3.  A response from Westinghouse and PCD to get dedicated TD and controls 
support (this comment also applies to Gleason); sharing Rutledge and PCD 
controls personnel is proving inadequate.
4.  Frequent technical questions for Westinghouse are taking extended time to 
get answers.  A dedicated EE&CC or NEPCO representative in the Orlando office 
would help facilitate getting rapid answers (applies to Gleason also).
Gleason:
1.  A detailed schedule and plan of attack is needed for the compressor blade 
modifications on units 1&2.
2.  An on-site EE&CC representative is required to bird-dog the compressor 
blade seals modification.
3.  Verification from Westinghouse that the 12 day modification will not slip 
into 3 weeks is required (see item 1).
4.  Verification that the IGV's have been fully corrected is required.
5.  A response from Westinghouse and PCD to get dedicated TD and controls 
support (this comment also applies to Wheatland); sharing Rutledge and PCD 
controls personnel is proving inadequate.
6.  Frequent technical questions for Westinghouse are taking extended time to 
get answers.  A dedicated EE&CC or NEPCO representative in the Orlando office 
would help facilitate getting rapid answers (applies to Wheatland also).
Mitch Robinson & Mike Miller
Guys, have we started the mobilization on the tear-down of the two 501FD's at 
Gleason?  Will they be machining the equipment on site - it appears to me 
that we should not let that equipment leave the site if possible.  Do we have 
a credible site rep from Westinghouse for both Wheatland and Gleason 
Please advise.
Thanks
Delainey
David W Delainey
05/15/2000 04:42 PM
Guys, I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I 
thought we were targeting 750 MW.  What is the updated availability schedule 
for each unit?  We are only a couple of weeks from June 1.  Please advise.
Delainey
Mark, FYI - In my estimation this business is no bigger than Mexico or the 
Toronto business ie) $25 to $30M in real value with reasonably high risk.  I 
see no value in having two different agendas being pushed in S. America.  I 
also believe that we could cut overhead and right size the organization and 
not loose any capability.  Early estimations are a reduction in budgeted OH 
by at least a third to one-half.  Did you or Jeff speak with Jim?
Delainey
David W Delainey
11/22/2000 04:08 PM
Jim, my understanding is that there continues to be some discussion on 
whether there will be functional seperation of the retail and wholesale 
businesses and to what extent and under what strategy these are undertaken I am not sure that we want to put ourselves in a box under any structure 
until these things are completely ironed out eg) country managers et al.  I'm 
not in agreement with any memo that further details the organization beyond 
what was outlined in the original memo.  However, I am in agreement that this 
needs to get resolved ASAP unfortunately Frevert and Skilling and most of the 
first world is out this week.  I ask for your patience 
Lets discuss.
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
11/22/2000 05:37 PM
Draft memo on the functional alignment of South America under the new 
organization.  Would like to send out to the South America organization 
tonight to give people partial information on work in progress.  Silence is 
bothering people a lot and the company is at risk of losing people Definitive organization memo out in the coming days, after complete 
coordination with wholesale and retail in Houston.  Look at the first version 
of the memo.  Please reply with any comments asap.
Joe, I would appreciate a quick call by you to Larry to ensure that his 
organization is focused to get these plants over the goal line ASAP.  We 
still have technical issues with the vendor that need to be addressed.  I 
believe EE&CC is working the issues; however, a phone call from you to 
emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement.
Thanks.
Delainey
David W Delainey
05/15/2000 04:42 PM
Guys, I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I 
thought we were targeting 750 MW.  What is the updated availability schedule 
for each unit?  We are only a couple of weeks from June 1.  Please advise.
Delainey
Lew, it looks like I have some appointments I can't get out of on the 24th; 
however, we could be out there by noon on the 25th.  How does that fit?  I 
did get a call from Mike letting me know that he would be sending over the CA.
Delainey
Guys, I understand that none of the facilities were available today - I 
thought we were targeting 750 MW.  What is the updated availability schedule 
for each unit?  We are only a couple of weeks from June 1.  Please advise.
Delainey
Mike Moulton has been pursuing an idea in the technology area for a while. =20
The sponsorship of this idea clearly fits in Net Works.  Could one of you=20
fine gentlemen give his idea a test drive?  I would much appreciate if you=20
could give him a call.
Delainey
David, =20
I hope all is well.  I had another good week at pulp and paper.  As you know=20
I have an affinity for technology trading.  I thought you would enjoy the=20
fine words below as you start a new week. =20
Time is your most precious possession-and the hands of time move swiftly=20
onward.  Fasten this warning deep into your mind, not for sorrow=01,s sake, but=20
to remind yourself that today may be all you have.  Now is the time for you=20
to move forward. Now is the time for you to stand and be counted.  The ground=20
is now ready for you to plant the seeds of a new vision, one that will bear=20
only the finest fruit.  It is time to focus on what you want, to turn dreams=20
into realities so that you are able to spend your life in the manner in which=20
you desire.  It is later than you think.    Too many of us waste our years=20
waiting for better times in the future or reflecting upon better times in the=20
past, instead of working for better times in the present.    If=20
only we had better schooling, better opportunities, or better resources.=20
If,if,if!  Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow! =20
Today is always here; yesterday is gone; and tomorrow never comes.  Time=20
offers opportunity but demands a sense of urgency.  Now is the time.  This is=20
the place.  You are the one!
Those who leave a legacy of achievement master the art of living in the now-=20
the ability to make each moment count.  Here are their tips.
? First, they accept each moment as a gift to be received with joy.
? Second, they use each moment to maximum advantage.
? Third, they are bent on making a contribution to humanity.
? Fourth, they learn from their mistakes.
? Fifth, they concentrate on the task at hand.
? Sixth, they plan for the future rather than fretting over the past.
? Seventh, they simply refuse to allow the weight of an unpleasant=20
circumstance to encumber their thoughts or objectives.
=20
Dennis P. Kimbroa
I think technology is made up of a number of tradable commodities.  These=20
commodities are volatile and trading them will add value to ENA.  I would=20
like the opportunity to create this group.
Best wishes,
M. A. Moulton=20
Scott, you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add 
value in either.
Delainey
Chris, when did BP Amoco get involved?  I thought we were dealing with Avista.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
05/13/2000 02:29 PM
Dave,
Update from Friday Afternoon:
Coyote:  Avista Board approved a 50% equity investment in Coyote Springs II 
and publicly announced their intention to move forward.  Their equity 
partner, BP Amoco, indicated that they need 30 more days to "get comfortable 
with the market".  This thirty day period coincides with the expected 
financial close of June 15 so it may just be posturing to let us know that 
they are not committed until the deal actually closes.  Nevertheless, we 
(Avista and Enron) will pursue fallback investors that have already seen the 
project and previously expressed interest in a 50% share.  In parallel, we 
will try to get BP Amoco "comfortable".  It might make sense to consider 
someone else that can move quickly.  Deal probability drops from 80% to 50%.
LVCogen:  Vickers and Gilbert met with Sierra Pacific and confirmed their 
interest in and ability to effect a restructuring of the PPA.  Although 
timing of "securitization" is open-ended, Sierra has agreed to a contract 
valuation that supports a valuation uplift of $10MM - $14MM.  If we assume a 
40%-50% probability of restructuring, we get to the hotlisted $5MM gain for 
QII.   Attached is a spreadsheet that shows the breakup value of LVCogen CTG and Power Structuring are finalizing the RAC models that support this 
approach.
,
Chris
Scott, what is our emissions strategy for these counterparties?
Delainey
E&E Newsline - May 11, 2000
MASSACHUSETTS POWER PLANTS AGREE TO SIGNIFICANT UPGRADES
Massachusetts this week announced that its six highest-polluting
power plants will voluntarily upgrade their pollution control technology to
not only significantly reduce air pollution but to also put the old
facilities under the same standards as new facilities.
The action makes Massachusetts the first state to require older
plants to meet the same emissions standards as new facilities. The reduced
emissions will be in place as soon as 2003, according to Massachusetts
Governor Paul Cellucci's (R) office.
The state approached the six plants and asked them to either reduce
their emissions or face regulatory action by the Department of
Environmental Protection. Cellucci said, "We challenged these power plants
to clean up their act, and they have answered our call to meet the most
comprehensive air emissions standards in the United States."
The agreement -- which the five operators of the six plants agreed
to with the state -- is voluntary, but enforceable rules will follow.
Lieutenant Governor Jane Swift explained that the agreement
resulted through "cooperative efforts," but added, "We will pursue new
regulations through the Department of Environmental Protection to ensure
the plant owners' commitments are enforceable, and will require the
finalization of a detailed plan for each of the six facilities."
The regulations, which are expected to be proposed in the next few
months -- will set standards of 1.5 ponds of nitrogen oxide and 3 pounds of
sulfur dioxide per megawatt-hour.
The five companies -- including Sithe Energies, Inc., NRG Energy
Inc., PE&E, Western Massachusetts Electric Companies/ Northeast Utilities,
and Southern Company/Southern Energy New England, LLC -- have submitted
preliminary plans. Under the plans, nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide
emissions would be slashed by up to 50 percent, and mercury, particulate
and carbon dioxide pollution would be curbed.
"Our Air Quality Improvement Plan demonstrates that environmental
excellence works in today's competitive market," said James McGowan, senior
vice president of Sithe. "This is a win-win program that will produce the
best power plant for Sithe, the local communities and the environment as a
whole."
The statement counters many other utilities' position on the issue,
particularly the Midwestern coal-fired plants subject to a massive EPA
enforcement action initiated late last year to have the facilities use
upgraded pollution control technology. Specifically, the lawsuit charges
the utilities with noncompliance with New Source Review requirements of the
Clean Air Act.
The Massachusetts situation "does undercut the arguments of
dirtier, Midwestern companies that claim it can't be done," said Frank
O'Donnell, with Clean Air Trust.
Pat Hemlepp, spokesperson for American Electric Power, one of the
utilities involved in the EPA lawsuit, argued, however, "that is like
comparing apples to oranges."
Though Northeastern states blame the Midwest for pollution
migrating in their air, Hemlepp explained that since there are no serious
problems with non-attainment with CAA regulation in the Midwest, stricter
controls on utilities operating in that part of the country are
unnecessary. "States like Massachusetts have every right to go in and ask
utilities within their state to upgrade. There are major non-attainment
problems in the Northeast, so it makes sense," Hemlepp argued.
And about EPA's lawsuit, "What people overlook is that EPA's
lawsuit is not about emissions, it's about what is and isn't legal under
the Clean Air Act. ... We feel very strongly that what we've done is
legal," Hemlepp said. 
both
Dave is this mid year or just end of year?
Rodney
Maybe that commercial is closer than to the truth than I thought  
Delainey
FYI, see article below.  This is beginning to get a lot of attention.
See utilities that funded this (in bold below).
Maureen McVicker@EES
05/11/2000 09:12 AM
F Y I
A Section
Utilities Secretly Lobbied Congress; Electric Firms Gave Millions to
Left and Right to Halt Deregulation
John Mintz
05/11/2000
The Washington Post
FINAL
A01
Some of the nation's largest electric utilities have secretly
funneled millions of dollars through two front groups--one headed by
well-known conservative leaders to appeal to Republicans, the other
affiliated with unions--to stop Congress from deregulating their
industry.
The campaign, which at times was run out of the offices of the
utilities' CEOs, was so secret that some Washington lobbyists for
these same companies were kept in the dark about many of its
activities, according to documents stamped "confidential" by the
effort's organizers.
The documents offer an inside view of the industry's
clandestine efforts to wage its political battle through newly minted
entities with innocuous-sounding names. While the use of such groups
has become a common device in lobbying campaigns, it is rare to obtain
a detailed operator's manual for such an effort, complete with candid
assessments of individual lawmakers' vulnerabilities and specific
budgets for waging grass-roots campaigns in their districts.
Although the two groups--the conservative Citizens for State
Power and the liberal Electric Utility Shareholders Alliance--have
advertised heavily against deregulation, until now only those involved
in the effort knew the organizations were the creation of the same
network of utilities. This network believed using seemingly
independent surrogates made their case more believable and shielded
them from political risk.
A 1998 memo said the utilities ran the groups in an
arm's-length way described as "discreet, guarded and highly
confidential. . . . Fear of congressional reprisals conditioned this
style. . . . It would be prudent to avoid rash openness."
Their ongoing "grass roots" lobbying campaign was designed to
influence members of Congress by whipping up hometown ferment with
radio ads directing listeners to call "1-800-BAD-BILL" and telephone
banks wired to connect angry home district residents to congressional
offices.
The goal of the operation, on which the utilities spent $17
million over the last 3 1/2 years, was to bottle up legislation in a
single congressional panel, the House Commerce Committee's energy and
power subcommittee.
The utilities' stealth campaign is one reason energy
deregulation legislation has been stalled, although last fall one
partial deregulation bill was reported to the full committee. Commerce
Chairman Thomas J. Bliley Jr. (R-Va.) is a staunch industry critic
determined to move a bill.
The documents describe meetings in Washington steak houses such
as Sam & Harry's where utility lobbyists and consultants shaped
strategies for stopping Bliley. The dozen or so participants in the
operation--who called their effort "The Project"--address each other
in the memos with the kind of blunt talk that isn't often found in
civics textbooks.
"The trendline is ominous in that a spirit of accommodation and
compromise is definitely taking hold," said one document in 1998, when
the utilities feared Bliley was winning over committee colleagues.
"The number one goal of 'The Project' has always been to bottleneck
legislation."
The participants speak of the need to "demonize" the federal
agency that regulates utilities and to use debates about nuclear power
as "a highly provocative wedge issue" to destabilize legislative
adversaries.
The memos were given to The Washington Post by deregulation
advocates, and participants in "The Project" confirmed their
authenticity.
The effort has outraged some congressional advocates of power
deregulation. Rep. Steve Largent (R-Okla.)--whom the conservative
front group, Citizens for State Power, attacked in home district radio
ads last year--said it is "bogus" for a group to claim the
conservative mantle by protecting big utilities.
"They're wearing a conservative hat, but they ought to be
wearing a profit-making hat," said Largent. "The best interest of
conservatives is to create competition."
Citizens for State Power (CSP) is headed by two leading lights
of the conservative movement--anti-tax and Republican activist Grover
Norquist, and David Keene, chairman of the American Conservative
Union--and is run day-to-day by a veteran GOP operative, Craig
Shirley. It denied for years that it took industry funds, but in
recent years acknowledged taking some such money while offering no
details.
The Electric Utility Shareholders Alliance (EUSA) also was
created by utility funds, with the International Brotherhood of
Electrical Workers kicking in small sums. It acknowledged some of its
utility backers a few years ago but uses populist language to argue
that federal deregulation would cause layoffs and hurt mom-and-pop
utility shareholders.
The documents detail how the Washington political consultants
who run "The Project" call into action one or another of these two
groups depending on circumstances. They used the right-leaning CSP to
broadcast ads criticizing Largent in his conservative Tulsa district
and employed the more liberal EUSA to air commercials against Rep.
Rick White (R-Wash.), who a year later lost his seat representing a
more moderate Seattle district.
In its effort to stymie federal deregulation, "The Project" at
times argued both sides of an issue before different audiences. Its
participants told environmentally minded legislators that various
deregulation bills weren't aggressive enough in reducing utility
pollution but dispatched others to argue to pro-business members that
Congress should not threaten deep emissions cuts.
While energy deregulation is an arcane concept to the public,
it is an extraordinarily high-stakes struggle for the nation's $300
billion-a-year power industry. The battle pits investor-owned
utilities against large manufacturers that want cheap power and
independent power companies, such as Enron Corp., that want to compete
with utilities. For one House Commerce subcommittee markup last year,
lobbying firms paid temp workers to wait in line outside the hearing
room for two days so the firms would have seats at the markup.
Most investor-owned utilities don't want the federal government
to deregulate their businesses and introduce competition. These
utilities say that if need be, they prefer that state legislatures and
state utilities commissions do the job because they are less
heavy-handed than federal officials. So far 26 states have taken the
step.
Deregulation advocates say that the state efforts result in a
confusing regulatory checkerboard and that federal action would lower
energy prices and encourage investment in clean energy sources.
Many top GOP leaders were eager to deregulate utilities when
they took over Congress in 1995, seeing it as a test of a bedrock
conservative principle: opening the marketplace to competition.
Within months, a group of utilities sprang into action,
organized by a law firm with a thriving utility practice. The firm,
which now goes by the name Ryan, Phillips, Utrecht & MacKinnon,
enlisted several existing clients and, later, numerous other firms.
Soon, the firm had brought in nine utilities that paid from
$300,000 to $700,000 a year to fund "The Project" during the years
they participated. The main corporate participants, the documents
said, were Carolina Power & Light, Florida Power & Light, Texas
Utilities, Illinois-based Commonwealth Edison, Reliant Energy
(formerly called Houston Industries), Ohio-based First Energy,
Michigan-based Consumers Energy, Florida-based TECO and Union Electric
Co. in Missouri.
"The Project" was run by law firm partner Jeffrey MacKinnon, a
former top aide to Rep. Joe Barton (R-Tex.), chairman of the House
subcommittee; and Tim Ridley, a former Democratic staff member in
Congress who now runs a firm specializing in "grass roots" lobbying
campaigns.
They and the utilities ran the two front groups and supervised
more than 50 "mobilizations" in congressional districts, in which
radio aids were aired. Banks of trained telephone operators arranged
for home district residents to send telegrams or place calls to
congressional offices. The groups also arranged for influential
citizens in the members' home towns to spread their message--including
the car dealers who sold members their cars.
While most of the ads were not particularly negative, others
used sarcasm or debatable statistics to attack their targets.
The one broadcast against Largent said he was favoring "Boston,
bureaucrats and biomass" because the House member had joined with Rep.
Edward J. Markey (D-Mass.) on a measure that industry officials said
could have required utilities to use alternative energy sources. A
memo from late 1998, six months before the campaign, gave a taste of
the utilities' displeasure with him, describing the firms as "highly
alarmed by Largent's obtuseness" and noting they "could make Largent's
life very uncomfortable."  Some congressional Republicans hold Citizens
for State Power
partially responsible for defeating White, who lost his swing seat to
a Democrat, Jay Inslee. A year before the November 1998 election, the
group aired an ad saying White wanted to raise utility rates by 35
percent, and it also circulated a poll and memo among political
professionals showing that White would be beaten easily, in part
because of his embrace of deregulation.
"For the first time in this debate there were palpable
political consequences for appearing to support" deregulation, a June
1998 document said. "In the case of Rick White, those consequences
were direct and career threatening."
White said he doubted the ads played much role in his defeat,
but he recalls his unease at realizing a GOP group was targeting him.
"I was a loyal member of the Republican cause, and this was a
case of shooting a friend in the foot," he said.
Folder Name: Emissions
Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 78
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or 
contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com 
or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 
or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
Sounds good - I think you have a great opportunity in this market - I would 
suggest staffing aggressively in order to take the first mover advantage.  I 
note the associate needs. 
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
05/12/2000 12:37 PM
Dave, I missed one point regarding the Toronto trader. Lavorato and Belden 
have identified an associate and he's interested in coming to Toronto. He is 
in Toronto today meeting with DeVries. As a sidebar, our new office space in 
Toronto is extremely impressive (cost was Cdn $500K) and is a great selling 
feature. Hopefully this puts the trading associate "over the top 
,
Milnthorp
Rob Milnthorp
05/12/2000 08:27 AM
Dave, thanks for the note. Regarding an update for Toronto, we made an offer 
to a senior industrial marketer yesterday  (Jeff Borg - 10 years experience) 
while I was in Toronto. I believe that he will accept. In addition, Paul is 
interviewing for one more deal maker (targeting John Guerro at Duke - an 
industrial gas marketer) and a manager for ENERconnect   (has interviewed a 
couple - meeting with Doug Jones from TD Bank next week 
Scott Gilbert who is running our volume management is out recruiting for 
backoffice staff (needs 5 specialists). No success here as of yet.
Mark Haedicke, Peter Keohane and myself are working on transferring Chris 
Gaffney (Canadian Lawyer) to work in Toronto. Chris is interested and both 
Mark and myself think it would be a good fit/career move.
Dawn, Paul and myself are devising a more aggressive recruiting strategy for 
Toronto for both Paul's and Scott's groups as our presence in Toronto is 
limited. This may include full page ads in the Globe, use of head hunters 
and/or Super Saturdays. With 2 million people in Toronto, we should be having 
more success in recruiting high quality individuals.
It is my understanding that 94 new analysts are starting this August in 
Houston. I need a minimum of 5 (2 for Toronto, 3 for Calgary). I have asked 
Dawn to make this happen, but if there is any way that you can exercise your 
influence to assist in making this happen, that would be much appreciated. 
Milnthorp
Jim, my understanding is that there continues to be some discussion on 
whether there will be functional seperation of the retail and wholesale 
businesses and to what extent and under what strategy these are undertaken I am not sure that we want to put ourselves in a box under any structure 
until these things are completely ironed out eg) country managers et al.  I'm 
not in agreement with any memo that further details the organization beyond 
what was outlined in the original memo.  However, I am in agreement that this 
needs to get resolved ASAP unfortunately Frevert and Skilling and most of the 
first world is out this week.  I ask for your patience 
Lets discuss.
Delainey
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
11/22/2000 05:37 PM
Draft memo on the functional alignment of South America under the new 
organization.  Would like to send out to the South America organization 
tonight to give people partial information on work in progress.  Silence is 
bothering people a lot and the company is at risk of losing people Definitive organization memo out in the coming days, after complete 
coordination with wholesale and retail in Houston.  Look at the first version 
of the memo.  Please reply with any comments asap.
Sounds good - lets see if we can start marketing the product and the 
capability.
Delainey
Further to Dave's note (below), I indicated to you at the offsite our team 
had screened the No. American names which we felt were appropriate for the 
energy services/outsourcing product (ENA NAIC industry codes, large energy 
spend, multi-sites, consume/produce commodities in which we make a market, 
limited credit capacity, etc).  Naturally, the list includes numerous Mexican 
and Canadian firms which fell out of the screen.  These firms are as follows:
Canada              Mexico
Noranda                                            Vitro
Cominco                                            Cemex
Nova                                                Penoles
Alcan                                                Alfa
Rio 
Algom                                      Autlan
Falconbridge  Carsa  Barrick (cogen in Nevada w/ 
Newmont)                                                     IMSA
Kinross                                             Desaro
Potash 
Corp                                Ispat
Agrium
Dofasco
Sherritt (Helms Burton Act issue)
As you are undoubtedly more familiar with these firms, you may, or may not, 
think these companies work for the product (we have not tested the 
assumption) but can offer some joint marketing support.  Many of these firms 
have sites accross the continent and it is important to portfolio effect 
their assets to make the transaction work.  We have done  dozens of 
presentations and would propose we put our heads together to determine if 
there is a business opportunity in your market 
Let me know what you think of the list and which approach makes most sense 
for you.  Jim
PS, via separate e-mail I will forward examples of the presentations we have 
used.
David W Delainey
05/10/2000 11:43 AM
Where is Canada and Mexico on the industrial strategy given our last 
discussion?
Rob, give me a heads up on the Toronto strategy from time to time - I expect 
that we are going to build this out pretty aggressively.  Let me know if you 
are not getting the support you need.  Did you get the Toronto trader?
Delainey
Sent by: Terrellyn Parker
At the recent "off-site" you requested that I provide a list of the non-pulp 
& paper deals in progress as well as a sense of  the marketing penetration we 
have achieved thus far.  These materials are enclosed for your use 
Let's discuss after you have had a chance to review.
Jim
Mike, I will want to see those economics.
Thanks
Delainey
David, once you get the demand lets discuss before deployment.
Delainey 
This may sound redundant considering the exercise we just completed but 
please ask your respective groups what their needs are for FULL TIME ANALYSTS 
late this summer.  These Analysts will start in the business units on August 
1, 2000 and they will be allocated on a first come first serve basis.  Please 
respond back to me no later than Monday by 5:00pm.  Also, please inquire 
about your groups' needs for FULL TIME ASSOCIATES who will be available to 
the business units on September 1, 2000.  We will be needing that number 
also.  There are 94 Analyst  and 70 Associates that will be coming on board 
this summer. This is in addition to each of your groups' immediate needs Thanks for your help.  Ted
David Oxley
05/10/2000 03:50 PM
Shelly,
I have a list of the ENA needs and would be happy to share this with you. 
Ted, please sit with Shelly on this.
David W Delainey
05/10/2000 03:32 PM
Shelly, I would like for David and I to handle this process from the Office 
of the Chair in order to ensure an orderly deployment of needed resources Please facilitate through Mr. Oxley.
Delainey
Shelly Jones
05/10/2000 03:27 PM
The Analyst Program had a successful recruiting season.  As a result, we are 
expecting  94  analysts beginning this August and would like to discuss your 
staffing needs for a full-time Analyst(s).  To implement this process, please 
provide me with your departmental needs and what skill sets are necessary 
Please include the following in your response:
* head count (number of analysts needed)
* skill sets required
* overview of job description.
Once I have received your response, resumes will be forwarded to you for 
review.  We have a pool of great talent coming in and the placements will be 
on a first-come first-serve basis. 
Thank you
Shelly Jones
Manager, Analyst Recruiting
That may work -  I don't want to end up with an equity position I just worked 
hard to eliminate. Further, raptor may be a good accounting hedge but if we 
took back JEDI's share at existing marks we would be destroying significant 
real value. Will the buy back price of the equity/debt we get back from JEDI 
incorporate the write downs we think should occur?
Delainey
Enron Global Finance
Dave, I assume you are asking how we hedge the portion of JEDI II investments 
that will come back to us after the restructuring. As any buyout price for 
CALPERS will reflect the state of the assets at closing, I think we are well 
hedged until the closing of the restructuring. We can see if we can reserve 
some Raptor capacity upfront to hege us moving forward from the restructuring 
closin. If this does not answer your question, let me know.    Mike
David W Delainey
05/11/2000 01:37 PM
How do we immunize ourselves from the workouts being shed into Raptor?
Delainey
David W Delainey
05/11/2000 02:28 PM
Gere, just following up on the offsite - have you all agreed on the target 
producer list for the insurance product?
How is the peaker product developing?
Delainey
Gere, just following up on the offsite - have you all agreed on the target 
producer list for the insurance product?
How is the peaker product developing?
Delainey
How do we immunize ourselves from the workouts being shed into Raptor?
Delainey
Mike, who is working on the Duke restructuring now 
Delainey
Dan, I can't open - please send hard copy.
Delainey
Shelly, I would like for David and I to handle this process from the Office 
of the Chair in order to ensure an orderly deployment of needed resources Please facilitate through Mr. Oxley.
Delainey
Shelly Jones
05/10/2000 03:27 PM
The Analyst Program had a successful recruiting season.  As a result, we are 
expecting  94  analysts beginning this August and would like to discuss your 
staffing needs for a full-time Analyst(s).  To implement this process, please 
provide me with your departmental needs and what skill sets are necessary 
Please include the following in your response:
* head count (number of analysts needed)
* skill sets required
* overview of job description.
Once I have received your response, resumes will be forwarded to you for 
review.  We have a pool of great talent coming in and the placements will be 
on a first-come first-serve basis. 
Thank you
Shelly Jones
Manager, Analyst Recruiting
Tim, sorry for the delay - lets talk if you think it is warranted.  I can see 
a lot of positives to take this path. However,  there are a) pr issues and b) 
we have hoards of on-going litigation that cost us a bundle.  We should make 
this decision very carefully.
Delainey
The total depreciation plan number for west trading is $278,000.  Here is the 
general breakdown
Net Book Value  Planned Amount  Depreciation Period
Floor Buildouts   $462,000  $135,000   3 to 5 years
PC's and Monitors  $214,000  $50,000    3 years
Large Plasma Screens  $77,000   $46,000    3 years
Other    $25,000   $7,000    3 years
2001 Increase      $40,000 
Total    $778,000  $278,000
Here is the headcount breakdown:
Current   2001 Plan  Change  Realistically
Trading   41   48   +7  +5   (2 RT, 2 analysts on desk, 1 admin.)
Mid Mkt & Svcs  9   12   +3  +1 or +2  (increase coverage)
Fundamentals  7   9   +2  +1   (supply person with hydro knowledge)
Structuring  0   0   0  +2   (group is 4 -- Chris planned half, I need to 
plan for half)
Totals   57   69   +12  +9 or +10
It looks like my number is two or three too high.  We also had a mixup on 
planning for the existing structuring group.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Also,  I need to talk to you about the City of Vernon.  I want to sue them Several months ago they flaked on a purchase that has cost us about 
$10,000,0000.  Richard Sanders has done the basic legwork and it looks like 
we have a decent case.  I talked to Chris about it, and we both agree that it 
doesn't hurt the west business if we poke them in the eye.  They are not well 
liked in the muni community out here, so the collateral damage should be 
minimal.  The big question is how will this appear in the face of all of the 
ongoing investigations?  Perhaps we should set up a call with me, you, Lavo, 
Sanders, Calger, and Kean?  Let me know your thoughts.
Tim
503-464-3820
FYI
Ron James@EES
02/21/2001 10:30 AM
FYI
Dawn Doucet@ECT
02/20/2001 06:31 PM
David Pope has "officially" given us his termination notice.  His last day at 
Enron is March 6th, his last day in the office is Feb 21.  Let me know if you 
have any questions 
just send it out to the affected parties.
thxs
dave
all yours
Teresa Bosien@
02/21/2001 04:07 PM
In order for the Enron Performance Review process to work effectively, it is 
essential that employees receive written performance evaluations. The 
attached list indicates Associates and Analysts in your business unit for 
whom we have not received written YE2000 performance evaluations.  Thank you 
for your attention to this matter.  If you need any additional information 
please do not hesitate to contact me.
Terry Bosien
Human Resource Manager, Associate and Analyst Programs
Peggy Mahoney@EES
02/16/2001 04:59 PM
FYI -after this went out, the reporter responded back that you are in the 
running.
Peggy
Karen Denne@
02/16/2001 03:46 PM
Julie -- Here's info on one more "rising star" at Enron.  Call me if you need 
any additional info. 
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
Karen
713-853-9757
Just practicing apathy.
Delainey
Where are you?  I hear your already living the new life.  Sick last week Vacation this week.  Buying land in Colorado next week?
Lavo
John, I spoke to Milly - he is on side.  I have completed all reviews except 
Kishkill and Orlando - how do you want to handle this?
Delainey
Kay, I forwarded a message to you from Sheri Sierra from a gentleman looking 
for energy mgt services in Japan.  I had asked you to forward to Joe Hirl.
Please follow up with Joe.
Delainey
Joseph P Hirl@
02/20/2001 05:22 AM
Dave,
Could you have your assistant forward the contact details so that I can 
follow up?
thanks,
Joe
Joseph P. Hirl
Enron Japan Corp.
81 3 5219 4500
81 3 5219 4510 (Fax)
www.enron.co.jp
David W Delainey@ECT
02/16/2001 10:02 AM
Joe, I will forward his voice mail to you.  EES has enough challenges in NA 
and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no 
wholesale market.
Please follow up.
Thanks
Delainey
Thanks for the quick response, Joe.  Peter did call me earlier this 
afternoon, and I transferred him to Dave Delainey.  Unfortunately, I failed 
to get his phone number before transferring him, but I understand from Dave's 
assistant that he left Dave a voicemail.  I'm sure he left his number there I did, however, gleen from him that he and his investors already own the 50 
buildings (not in the process of buying them as I originally thought) and 
have +/- 100 additional properties they manage.
I'm stepping out of the middle of this one now unless there is anything 
further you need me to do.  Good luck - I hope it's a real deal - I've never 
had origination next to my name before!  SRS
Joseph P Hirl
02/15/2001 04:57 PM
Sherri,
We would be quite interested in looking into this further.  We are currently 
working with quite a few companies to sell power under 3-5 year contract 
terms.  The customers range from large office bldgs (>2Mw and connected to 
EHV grid) to large industrials (several hundred Mw).  We are also making some 
real progress with the real estate companies and department stores to provide 
power to a number of their facilities across Japan.  There are a number of 
other initiatives where we would take an industrials self generation off 
balance sheet, upgrade facility, etc to give us access to power.  In one case 
we are progressing with a company that has 600 Mw inside the fence.
Let me know how you would like to progress.  As a point of interest, a 
particular discount product that we are offering is fully described on our 
biligual website (www.enron.co.jp).  This has been very successful for us.
Joe
Joseph P. Hirl
Enron Japan Corp.
81 3 5219 4500
81 3 5219 4510 (Fax)
www.enron.co.jp
Sherri Sera
02/16/2001 04:44 AM
Gentlemen,
You will receive a phone call from Peter Wachtell sometime over the next 
week.  I spoke to his father last night at a dinner party; Peter is putting 
together a deal in Tokyo right now to purchase 50 office buildings and manage 
another 100.  He is interested in talking to Enron about energy outsourcing.
I'm assured that this a legitimate deal, but that will be for you to decide Just wanted to give you a heads up in the hopes you will take a few minutes 
to talk to him.
SRS
Kay, please ensure I get to this.
Thxs
Dave
Please make note that this meeting will take place in EB27C2, not EB30C1 as 
previously advised.
Your attendance at this meeting is strongly recommended, though not 
mandatory.  If your schedule does not allow your participation, there is no 
need to send anyone in your place.  SRS
A corporate policy committee meeting has been scheduled on Thursday, February 
22, from 12:00 p.m. to 1:30 p.m., in EB30C1; we can video conference you in 
this room if necessary.  Lunch will be provided.
Additional details are forthcoming.  Please indicate your attendance below 
and return to me via e-mail.  Thanks, and have a great weekend.  SRS
I will attend  ____
I will not attend ____
Attend via video conference    _____
From which office         _____________
Vicki, how much $$ are we talking about for the bankruptcy and the class 
action suit? It does not seem inappropriate for us to share the bankruptcy 
costs given the CTC issue.  I agree with you on the class action suit.  Lets 
discuss further before we approach ENA.
Delainey
I would like some guidance about  outside counsel fees related to the 
California situation.  We ( EES and ENA) retained joint counsel in early 
January. As you may recall, in January a substantial amount of work was done 
with the attempted rescue effort by the US Department of Treasury, and the  
managing down of the trading positions with PG&E's unregulated entity 
I would say that  EES and ENA have used this counsel relatively equally, and 
it would not be inappropriate to split the bills on a  50/50 basis.  However, 
there are two other issues that we should consider: (a) on an overall basis, 
I would say that ENA will have more  issues  that will come out of the 
bankruptcy, and (b) certainly, they will be easier able to absorb as  a 
company  the increased legal expenses 
Please let me know whether we should go forward with the 50/50 arrangement or 
whether we should adopt another approach.
One other fact:  We also have joint representation in the class action 
lawsuits filed against the power marketers.  To date, no sharing  has been 
agreed to, based on EES' position that in is improperly named in the lawsuit 
(i.e., it is not a participant in the wholesale markets and did not  benefit 
from the  volatility this summer).
Kay, are we in London during this event?
Delainey
Kerry Ferrari
02/14/2001 10:34 AM
Dave/Janet
If you are in Europe that week, I would really appreciate you both coming 
along and showing us all how to line dance, (we hear you're both really good 
at it).
Matthew
Calendar Entry
Brief description:
Date:
Time:
EES Europe Night Out @ Texas Embassy!!
06/03/2001
18:30 - 23:00
Detailed description:
EES Europe Team Event
On Tuesday 6th March @ 18.30
Mosey on down to the Texas Embassy
For Line Dancing with a Live band, Food & Drink 
Texas Embassy
1 Cockspur Street
Trafalgar Square
London SW1Y 5DL
Please accept this invite, if you intend to come.
Invitations have been sent to: Enron Europe EES Group
Brett, got it covered.
thanks
Dave
Brett R Wiggs@
12/09/2000 11:48 AM
Dave:
Is there anything else you need for the meeting and do you need me to attend?
Thanks,
Brett
David W Delainey@ECT
12/08/2000 03:36 PM
Guys, I assume that you will have a complete headcount and a revised 2001=20
expense/revenue/capital budget available in the next week or so.  I would=20
also like to know what your HR plan might be given these changes.  David=20
Oxley will the help with the HR issues and Wes Colwell with the budget issues.
No turning back gentlemen.  I look forward to great success in the next year.
Frevert, Whalley, Lavo and myself are sitting down to discuss Electrobolt on=20
Tuesday morning - subject to that meeting we have approval to go ahead from=20
Skilling. =20
Delainey
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
On November 8, the Office of the Chairman, issued an important communication,=20
announcing significant organizational changes in Enron's worldwide=20
operations. The purpose of this memo is to share with you the decisions that=20
are underway to restructure  Enron=01,s operations in South America.  The basic=20
organizational framework has been set.=20
As you know, Diomedes Christodoulou and Jim Bannantine will be assuming new=20
responsibilities within Enron. Replacing them will be Orlando Gonzalez and=20
Joe Kishkill, who will become the Co-Presidents of South America, reporting=20
to Dave Delainey and John Lavorato.  They will share overall responsibility;=20
however, Orlando=01,s focus will be on direct sales origination,=20
commercial/government relationships and regulatory issues.  Joe=01,s focus will=20
be on wholesale origination, financial and operating performance and overall=20
country management.  In addition, Orlando will continue as President and CEO=20
of Elektro until its ultimate sale.
The existing, large integrated asset base in South America (excluding=20
Elektro) will be managed and operated by Rebecca McDonald and Jim Hughes in=20
Enron Global Assets, which is part of Enron Wholesale Services under Mark=20
Frevert. Ultimately, there will be very close coordination in both Brazil and=20
Argentina between Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets to ensure that our=20
reputation in South America is protected, our asset positions are being=20
managed prudently and that commercial opportunities surrounding these assets=20
are pursued.
The remaining natural gas and electrical commercial activities in South=20
America will be organized around the highly successful North American network=20
business model.  This model employs people, market making, physical=20
commodities, capital and assets to provide reliable, flexible and high-value=20
products to our customers.  It is people and intellectual capital based and=20
enjoys high rates of return on invested capital.
In the interest of pursuing this strategy, the following teams will report to=20
Joe and Orlando:
=20
The Commercial Origination team will be lead by Brett Wiggs.  The team will =20
focus on covering South American markets, primarily Brazilian and Argentine=20
natural gas and electricity, with the following goals:
? Generating new, innovative, reliable and high value products and services=20
needed by the market by utilizing our commodity, asset and capital=20
capabilities;
? Providing those products and services across South America and across the=20
value chain, including wholesale and retail, based upon the highest value=20
opportunity;
? Finding structural value arbitrages in the South American market and move=20
quickly to capitalize;
? Assisting the Risk Management and Trading organization in managing the=20
overall risk of the organization;
? Managing all new power and asset development opportunities in South America=20
consistent with this strategy, and
? Providing the Risk Management and Trading organization information and deal=20
flow.
The Commercial Origination team will consist of a diverse group of people who=20
work as a single team which bring the required skills including commodity,=20
capital, regulatory, asset, development, market, structuring, deal execution,=20
finance and country knowledge necessary to reach our goals.=20
The Trading and Risk Management team will be headed by Remi Collonges.  The=20
team will continue to develop pricing information and manage the price book=20
for the relevant energy markets in support of the wholesale and direct sales=20
efforts.  Additionally, the team will work toward implementation of actively=20
trading South American energy commodities.  This group will be responsible=20
for managing Enron South America=01,s overall risk and will have a direct=20
reporting relationship with John Lavorato in his role as head of the Americas=20
risk activities.
The Argentine effort will be integrated into the overall South American=20
Commercial Origination and Trading and Risk Management groups; however, we=20
will continue to maintain an Argentine office headed by Michael Guerriero. =20
The goal of the reorganization is to create a flat team oriented organization=20
that is very market and commercially focused.  The following support=20
functions will assist the overall business objectives of the commercial team=20
and will report into Joe and Orlando, plus into their line functions in=20
Houston.  The overall goal is to ensure that the South American business=20
units have an adequate support organization to evaluate opportunities, as=20
well as manage day-to-day business and risk.  Otherwise, the Houston=20
infrastructure will provide resources as needed to manage peak requirements=20
in South America, not unlike other businesses in Enron Americas.
These groups include:
The Government Affairs team, which will be headed by Sergio Assad, will=20
manage the relationships with the relevant regulatory agencies as well as=20
governmental ministries.  The primary regulatory goal will be to facilitate,=20
in the near term, substantive changes to the regulatory rules to allow a=20
functioning wholesale traded market in Brazil and Argentina. Sergio will=20
assume his responsibilities upon completion of the Elektro sale.  During this=20
interim period, Jose Bestard will continue to be in charge of the regulatory=20
function.  Once Sergio makes the transition, he will also report to Rick=20
Shapiro in Enron Government Affairs.
The Finance team will be headed by Britaldo Soares.  The team will manage the=20
interface with Enron Global Finance.  Britaldo will transition from his=20
current duties at Elektro upon completion of the Elektro sale.  Britaldo will=20
also report to Joe Deffner in Enron Global Finance.  Rob Gay will be=20
assisting Britaldo during the transition, while continuing his work on the=20
Cuiaba project.
The Legal team, which will be lead by Randy Young, as general counsel, and=20
John Novak, as deputy general counsel, will manage South America=01,s legal=20
requirements.  Randy and John will also report to Mark Haedicke in Enron=20
Wholesale Services - Legal Department.
Miguel Padron will become Chief of Staff.  Human Resources, Information=20
Technology, Treasury, Accounting & Reporting, as well as Administration will=20
report to Miguel.  This will bring focus to essential, but non-commercial=20
functions, as well as more efficiently manage key matrix reporting=20
relationships with Enron.  Miguel will also report to David Oxley in Enron=20
Wholesale Services =01) Human Resources and Wes Colwell in Enron Wholesale=20
Services =01) Business Analysis and Reporting.
These changes are consistent with Enron's evolving business strategy and=20
reflect our continuing commitment to grow the company by maximizing our=20
financial and intellectual capital.  However, in line with the new=20
organizational structure and the near term potential for business in the=20
region, further budget reductions will be necessary.  People directly=20
affected will be notified shortly.
=20
Enron is committed to continue the successful implementation of its=20
businesses in South America.  We believe that as the markets develop, we are=20
uniquely positioned to leverage Enron=01,s core capabilities and create=20
shareholder value.=20
Steve, what is the status?
Delainey
I spoke with Bob Hermann this afternoon and, in short, the single biggest 
contributor to the increase in the corporate tax allocation relates to the 
expansion of state and local tax support being provided to our new "business 
verticals" - that is, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets and 
Enron Net Works - which expense should be specifically allocated to such 
groups rather than ENA, as is currently the case.  I will follow up with you 
regarding the revised number after I have resolved the allocation issue  .  Steve. 
David W Delainey
11/10/2000 12:53 PM
Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than 
doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie) $1,600,000 from $700,000.  Could 
you please explain.  Our goal which is being met in ENA's direct expense 
groups is to remain flat year or year from 2000 to 2001.
Delainey
Peggy, the last version I read was fine.
Delainey
Sherri, I will be there.
Delainey
A corporate policy committee meeting has been scheduled on Thursday, February 
22, from 12:00 p.m. to 1:30 p.m., in EB30C1; we can video conference you in 
this room if necessary.  Lunch will be provided.
Additional details are forthcoming.  Please indicate your attendance below 
and return to me via e-mail.  Thanks, and have a great weekend.  SRS
I will attend  ____
I will not attend ____
Attend via video conference    _____
From which office         _____________
Thanks Chris - I assume you are speaking about credit risk on the thirty day 
deal when you refer to the $2M exposure on $100 - has Tim spoken to John 
about this?  I am supportive of this proposal and approach.  Like our 
discussion, we have to find a way to be supportive to the re-development of 
this market without creating un-acceptable credit or market losses.  We also 
have to support Lay's efforts in California.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
02/16/2001 06:11 PM
Dave,
I just spoke with Freeman to let him know that we can provide him a letter 
proposal which I can send out Monday.  In general, we will offer 50MW NP-15 
Peak from February 22 - March 31 at a fixed price (currently $265) with 
payment due every 7 days.  This would be documented under the form of EEI 
that they have agreed to and is subject to (i) payment of outstanding amounts 
due Enron; (ii) execution of EEI and confirm; (iii) confirmation that they 
will pay the amounts due; (iv) good faith obligation to put together 
creidtworthy structure; (v) good faith look at term deal which can be 
back-dated to blend with this current deal, Pastoria and Demand Management 
It took some time to nail down the settlement numbers on our side.  Legal 
spent some time with Freeman's attorney but got agreement on the EEI Form Credit likes this a lot.    Tim will have Lavo wear the market exposure $2MM if the market falls $100.  David Freeman said he would look at it Monday 
but it sounded good 
I will pull it together and copy you over the weekend.
Chris
Ken, fyi
Dave
Christopher F Calger
02/17/2001 07:21 PM
Attached please find a draft letter to David Freeman.  Please review and 
provide any comments.  Jeff, do you have the adress and fax number for the LA 
Office?
Tracy, Bob and Christian  -  do you approve?  I intend to send this out 
Monday.
,
Chris
John, I spoke to Milly - he is on side.  I have completed all reviews except 
Kishkill and Orlando - how do you want to handle this?
Delainey
thanks Peter - and congrats on the promotion well deserved.
Keep actively managing constructively your constituency in Houston.
Delainey
thxs ben - i'm sure our paths will cross again.
best of luck.
delainey
thanks Rick
By the way, JCP is being restructured or killed.
Delainey
David, I'm not sure there is any value to this for EES North America. There 
are well known and documented controls and process issues in the mid, back 
and risk offices of the company.  We are working quickly to rectify servicing your needs at the same time would slow us down.  On the European 
side, I would like your perspective on their controls and business.
Delainehy
No doubt you will have heard of this initiative - a program of "surprise" 
quick controls reviews at various business units. 
There are two such reviews coming up in March in relation to EES (London and 
Houston), where I suspect the element of surprise would be outweighed by 
having some good early input to the scope.
Let me know your thoughts.
Rgds
DP
Shawn, just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday. Kay please 
schedule.
Delainey
Joe, I will forward his voice mail to you.  EES has enough challenges in NA 
and Europe before tackling retail products and services in a market with no 
wholesale market.
Please follow up.
Thanks
Delainey
Thanks for the quick response, Joe.  Peter did call me earlier this 
afternoon, and I transferred him to Dave Delainey.  Unfortunately, I failed 
to get his phone number before transferring him, but I understand from Dave's 
assistant that he left Dave a voicemail.  I'm sure he left his number there I did, however, gleen from him that he and his investors already own the 50 
buildings (not in the process of buying them as I originally thought) and 
have +/- 100 additional properties they manage.
I'm stepping out of the middle of this one now unless there is anything 
further you need me to do.  Good luck - I hope it's a real deal - I've never 
had origination next to my name before!  SRS
Joseph P Hirl
02/15/2001 04:57 PM
Sherri,
We would be quite interested in looking into this further.  We are currently 
working with quite a few companies to sell power under 3-5 year contract 
terms.  The customers range from large office bldgs (>2Mw and connected to 
EHV grid) to large industrials (several hundred Mw).  We are also making some 
real progress with the real estate companies and department stores to provide 
power to a number of their facilities across Japan.  There are a number of 
other initiatives where we would take an industrials self generation off 
balance sheet, upgrade facility, etc to give us access to power.  In one case 
we are progressing with a company that has 600 Mw inside the fence.
Let me know how you would like to progress.  As a point of interest, a 
particular discount product that we are offering is fully described on our 
biligual website (www.enron.co.jp).  This has been very successful for us.
Joe
Joseph P. Hirl
Enron Japan Corp.
81 3 5219 4500
81 3 5219 4510 (Fax)
www.enron.co.jp
Sherri Sera
02/16/2001 04:44 AM
Gentlemen,
You will receive a phone call from Peter Wachtell sometime over the next 
week.  I spoke to his father last night at a dinner party; Peter is putting 
together a deal in Tokyo right now to purchase 50 office buildings and manage 
another 100.  He is interested in talking to Enron about energy outsourcing.
I'm assured that this a legitimate deal, but that will be for you to decide Just wanted to give you a heads up in the hopes you will take a few minutes 
to talk to him.
SRS
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
As promised, please find attached the Canada 2001 Plan.
, Rob
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
As promised, please find attached the Canada 2001 Plan.
, Rob
no
Dave,
Attached please find the Central Region 2001 Plan.  If you have questions or 
comments, please contact me @ 312/541-1225.
I appreciate your patience in respect to the delay of this material.
Laura
Chris, I would get Mark or Louise involved at this point - if it is mission 
critical let me know.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
02/15/2001 10:58 AM
Dave,
A DASH will be circulating later today for approximately $16MM for $10MM of 
progress payments on a 7FA and certain development costs for our Longview 
Project.  Chip Schneider and I have agreed that this approach allows us to 
get to NTP on the project (up until August 20), or determine a higher-valued 
use for the turbine in the event the development does not get finalized for 
some reason.  Given the strength of the PNW market, this project is in the 
money using Enron mid curves for gas and power 
Mike Miller has appropriately backed away - my team is engaged directly with 
GE on the contract negotiation and a term sheet is expected to be signed 
tomorrow.
I am highly confident that this will result in a 2001 gain of $15MM-$20MM 
I was planning to talk with Louise about this at our call this morning.  Are 
you or she the appropriate signor for EA?  I will also contact Mark Frevert 
early this afternoon to discuss 
,
Chris
Matthew, sounds fine - I will have Kay start managing the calendar.
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/12/2001 02:00 AM
Dave - Thanks - I'll pass on the points.  I am pleased to say you sound as 
direct and blunt as that other man from the provinces - Pope!
As you and Janet will be over before March 12th, I'll postpone my trip until 
later in the year.
Matthew
David W Delainey
10/02/2001 00:41
Matthew, Janet and I are going to come your way before March 12th.  I'll give 
you a call to discuss further.
Couple of points, I would hope you would share with your group on Monday:
- the European retail business is an important and strategic focus for Enron 
and EES;
- it encompases a material part of EES's and Enron Europes margin plan for 
2001 - so execution and most probably over performance is key in 2001;
- it was birthplace of one of the key EES distribution platforms that needs 
to be migrated to North America - Enron Direct and the ITOL structure (for 
the large industrial customer);
- the European business IS one of the largest growth opportunities going 
forward for EES and EES management will recognize, resource and reward that 
effort;
- I am very involved in business strategy, execution and deals;
- I believe in open communication, performance and high performance teams no bullshit politics;
- I recognize and reward performance, thinking, execution and leadership;
- I flourish in a culture of ideas, fast action and success;
- and I will be visiting London to meet everyone probably late February 
early March.
PS - I am already a citizen of the Commonwealth.
Talk to you soon!!
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 10:47 AM
FYI, I'm planning to visit Houston w/c 12th March.  If you and Janet get here 
first I'll push that trip back a month or two.
David W Delainey
09/02/2001 15:53
ok, let me put something together on e-mail over the next day or so otherwise we will plan to be in Europe over the next 4 weeks or so.
delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 09:22 AM
Dave,
It would be really great for you to do that.  Unfortunately we start at 
10.30am UK / 4.30am US time (the only slot we could get for the Auditorium It won't be as cool as a video link up, but if you give me a text message 
addressed to all European staff, I'll read it out.
I'll get the senior guys together on Monday for the weekly EES 2.30pm UK 8.30am US video conference call so you and Janet can at least speak to them.
Let's get you and Janet over to Europe to meet and greet the troops in person 
later in the year when you guys realise what you have taken on!
Matthew
David W Delainey
09/02/2001 15:03
Matthew, would your Monday meeting be a good time (if the time change works) 
for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the 
like to your organization?
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 03:04 AM
Introduction
EES has been operating in Europe since late 1999 and in that time a lot of 
progress has been made.  The teams who have worked on Outsourcing in Europe 
have learnt a tremendous amount over the last year.  We now have a much 
clearer idea of what should work today in the different jurisdictions that 
comprise Europe and those elements of our offering with which customers are 
most comfortable.
The phenomenally strong financial performance in 2000 of Enron Direct and 
ETOL graphically demonstrate the future potential in Europe for a broad 
retail energy business.  With Enron's retail energy presence in Europe firmly 
established, we are restructuring our Outsourcing product offering and the 
organisation to develop and deliver it, so that we broaden our activities and 
successfully grow our earnings in line with shareholder expectations.
We now have a renewed focus in 2001.  The emphasis will be to work on only 
the largest deals (by energy commodity spend) in those markets where we 
already have a robust wholesale energy business and there is regulated and 
economic third party access to retail power distribution systems.  The main 
thrust of our offering will be commodity and Demand Side Management (DSM) 
projects and our associated price risk management capabilities.  Commodity is 
Enron's core competence and one where Enron should be in a position to 
generate sizeable gross margin at closure.  DSM projects are also important 
as they will deliver gross margin and are what differentiate us from the 
commodity competition.  We will be focussing on shorter project lead times at 
the front of a deal to ensure that we get to closure promptly - we need to 
see 80% of the value in 20% of the time.  Whilst we retain an understanding 
of O&M, this will not form part of our core offering and we will only 
consider involvement in an O&M capacity on attractive margin transactions 
where it is essential to the customer.  As the business develops it is likely 
that, to some extent, we will build the necessary O&M delivery capability to 
enhance the product offering in the future.
In those markets where we have limited wholesale capability or the third 
party access to power distribution systems is not feasible in a retail 
context, we will build and develop Utility Representation Services (URS) in 
conjunction with a DSM project offering.  This knowledge based business will 
allow us to develop retail customer networks in advance of economic system 
access and also provide valuable market information back to the wholesale 
business.  URS is ERPAG's core business and gives us a tremendous platform to 
create a pan European URS competence.
Expertise in Supply Side Management has increasingly become an issue for the 
origination team in EES Europe as we have begun to get into material deal 
development.  Whilst it is vital that we remain totally coordinated with the 
wholesale business for price risk management services, there will be a 
renewed emphasis within EES Europe to develop those commodity skills that do 
not reside in the wholesale business to allow us to promptly and effectively 
price and structure retail commodity transactions to the delivery point.
Given the renewed focus outlined above, we have taken the opportunity to 
streamline the Account Delivery and Management team, typically redeploying 
staff where they can immediately support the development of new business for 
EES Europe.  Effective Account Management remains a key capability for EES 
and as we close deals with customers we will review our staffing need in this 
area.
Organisation
After eighteen months working on establishing the outsourcing business in 
Europe, Ron Bertasi has decided to transition back to the US during the first 
half of 2001.  In the short term he will complete the Trillium property deal 
and ensure that the energy and property deals are both successfully 
launched.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ron, on behalf of 
everyone in Europe, for all his hard work over the last eighteen months in 
establishing the European Outsourcing business and in particular his 
leadership on the Trillium deal which represents a substantial landmark for 
the business.
Stuart Rexrode is now head of European Energy Services Outsourcing.  Stuart 
will continue in a customer facing capacity as a lead originator, whilst 
ensuring that all of the dimensions that comprise the Outsourcing team remain 
appropriately focussed.  Bob Manasse will head up the origination team and 
ensure that the deal pipeline remains full of substantial good quality 
prospects.
Hala Tayyarah has been promoted to Manager within the Commodity team and will 
provide commodity pricing support to the origination team.  Hala will report 
to Peter Redpath until such time as a head of Supply Side Management is 
appointed.
Reporting to Peter Redpath, Peter Ramgolam will lead a new activity, 
Transaction Economics, supporting Origination by developing cashflow models 
to determine deal economics, identify improvements to structures to optimise 
value and capture transactions for risk management purposes.
Also reporting to Peter Redpath, John Parker will lead the implementation of 
a Position Management activity.
The attached organisation charts show these changes in the revised structure 
of EES Europe which is effective immediately.  Whilst these charts are 
relatively self explanatory for the levels shown, there will be detailed 
discussions over the next day or so to explain what the changes mean for 
individuals.  Where boxes are labelled TBA, we hope to make appointments in 
the near future.
At 10.30am on Monday 12th February we shall be holding a one hour EES-Europe 
all employee meeting in the Auditorium in place of the usual weekly staff 
meeting.  At this session we will talk about the 2001 Earnings Plan and 
provide clarity on the deal process for Outsourcing and the reasoning behind 
it.  Also, it will be an opportunity for you to raise any questions you may 
have.  I look forward to seeing you there.
Matthew
Matthew, if you know my reputation, I tend not to be a big fan of these type 
of events either - however, at this point, I need to collect more information 
on the event and I think it inappropriate to cancel at this late stage Going forward, I think we as a management team including yourself should 
discuss what the strategy should be going forward.
Don't hesitate to voice your opinion.
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/12/2001 02:24 AM
Dave/Janet,
As you guys like a no bullshit approach, last Fall, I voiced my concerns to 
the EES management team about the second Pinnacle event (see link below).
My concerns in no particular order were:
1) Given that we have a generous bonus programme to reward staff, I felt the 
need for such an over the top event like an all expenses paid holiday in the 
West Indies for "key" staff and their spouses was unnecessary.
2) The lack of transparent selection criteria ("selected Superior and 
Excellent performers") was devisive would inevitably piss off the vast 
majority of EES who didn't go on the trip.
3) Apart from disagreeing with the whole idea, I disagreed with the fact that 
all the MDs automatically got to go as that implied they were all performing 
and deserved it.
4) I didn't believe that, overall, the business was making enough money to 
justify a "reward"  trip like this.
5) I didn't want to take my best guys out of the office for up to a week as 
we have a lot of work to do and won't make the numbers sat on a beach
6) The Europe wide Enron team works well together and there would be no way 
of justifying this trip to the rest of the London office (non EES) who 
obviously would see it for what it is - a waste of time and money
Tom conceded by saying that this one would probably be the last event of its 
kind.  Others remained silent.
I withdrew Europe from the event on the grounds that culturally in Europe 
this event was unacceptable.  Stephen Peterson (in the Europe team)  appears 
on the list of attendees, but will not attend for the reasons outlined above 
and he is OK with it.  Afterwards, I found out that McCarty boycotted the 
first event the year before for the same reasons.
Whatever you guys decide to do, Europe remains committed to hitting the 
numbers and being part of the team.
Matthew
Hey Crystal hope things are well 
Dawna is fine. We have two girls six (Kassandra) and four (Samantha).  We 
have been in Houston now three and half years.  It has been a good move from 
a career point of view.  Obviously, you had heard my move from Pres./CEO of 
I hope life has been as kind to you.  Best of luck in the future.
Delainey
Hi Dave,
I have just returned back to work and noticed your name in one of the Enron 
org change announcements.  Congratulations!  Is it fun ruling the universe Does this mean that you don't plan on becoming a professor in the near 
future?!?  Life in Calgary must seem very far away 
I hope that you and Donna are doing well in Houston.  How many children do 
you have now?  Is Donna working, or enjoying life at home?
I am doing well.  I am located in Oxford, and work part time at Enron 
Direct.  I have a 17 month old daughter who keeps me busy when I'm not at 
work.  Life is good in England.  Hard to believe that 5 years has flown by 
since I left Calgary.
I hope that all is well with you.
Crystal
Mike, please let Brian know if there is a problem and let him rectify.  It is 
difficult for me to be responsive otherwise.
Thanks
Dave
Mike Coleman@_DEVELOPMENT
02/12/2001 09:35 AM
Dave,
This roadblock is causing us real problems.
Mike
It turns out that Delainey agreed to allow Brett Wiggs to be the Enron 
spokesperson.   I guess we'll give the current process another week or so I'm personally not in love with the Mitsubishi turbines anyway given the NOx 
uncertainty.
Invitation
Chairperson: Steve Pruett
Start: 11/28/2000 10:30 AM
End: 11/28/2000 11:00 AM
Description: Delainey review - Sale of Vastar assets to BP for $25 MM, 
Cypress S. Riceville prospect recommendation
This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting Meeting Dates: 
david delainey
SCOTT JOSEY
C John Thompson/Corp/Enron
Craig Fox
Detailed description:
Matthew, Janet and I are going to come your way before March 12th.  I'll give 
you a call to discuss further.
Couple of points, I would hope you would share with your group on Monday:
- the European retail business is an important and strategic focus for Enron 
and EES;
- it encompases a material part of EES's and Enron Europes margin plan for 
2001 - so execution and most probably over performance is key in 2001;
- it was birthplace of one of the key EES distribution platforms that needs 
to be migrated to North America - Enron Direct and the ITOL structure (for 
the large industrial customer);
- the European business IS one of the largest growth opportunities going 
forward for EES and EES management will recognize, resource and reward that 
effort;
- I am very involved in business strategy, execution and deals;
- I believe in open communication, performance and high performance teams no bullshit politics;
- I recognize and reward performance, thinking, execution and leadership;
- I flourish in a culture of ideas, fast action and success;
- and I will be visiting London to meet everyone probably late February 
early March.
PS - I am already a citizen of the Commonwealth.
Talk to you soon!!
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 10:47 AM
FYI, I'm planning to visit Houston w/c 12th March.  If you and Janet get here 
first I'll push that trip back a month or two.
David W Delainey
09/02/2001 15:53
ok, let me put something together on e-mail over the next day or so otherwise we will plan to be in Europe over the next 4 weeks or so.
delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 09:22 AM
Dave,
It would be really great for you to do that.  Unfortunately we start at 
10.30am UK / 4.30am US time (the only slot we could get for the Auditorium It won't be as cool as a video link up, but if you give me a text message 
addressed to all European staff, I'll read it out.
I'll get the senior guys together on Monday for the weekly EES 2.30pm UK 8.30am US video conference call so you and Janet can at least speak to them.
Let's get you and Janet over to Europe to meet and greet the troops in person 
later in the year when you guys realise what you have taken on!
Matthew
David W Delainey
09/02/2001 15:03
Matthew, would your Monday meeting be a good time (if the time change works) 
for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the 
like to your organization?
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 03:04 AM
Introduction
EES has been operating in Europe since late 1999 and in that time a lot of 
progress has been made.  The teams who have worked on Outsourcing in Europe 
have learnt a tremendous amount over the last year.  We now have a much 
clearer idea of what should work today in the different jurisdictions that 
comprise Europe and those elements of our offering with which customers are 
most comfortable.
The phenomenally strong financial performance in 2000 of Enron Direct and 
ETOL graphically demonstrate the future potential in Europe for a broad 
retail energy business.  With Enron's retail energy presence in Europe firmly 
established, we are restructuring our Outsourcing product offering and the 
organisation to develop and deliver it, so that we broaden our activities and 
successfully grow our earnings in line with shareholder expectations.
We now have a renewed focus in 2001.  The emphasis will be to work on only 
the largest deals (by energy commodity spend) in those markets where we 
already have a robust wholesale energy business and there is regulated and 
economic third party access to retail power distribution systems.  The main 
thrust of our offering will be commodity and Demand Side Management (DSM) 
projects and our associated price risk management capabilities.  Commodity is 
Enron's core competence and one where Enron should be in a position to 
generate sizeable gross margin at closure.  DSM projects are also important 
as they will deliver gross margin and are what differentiate us from the 
commodity competition.  We will be focussing on shorter project lead times at 
the front of a deal to ensure that we get to closure promptly - we need to 
see 80% of the value in 20% of the time.  Whilst we retain an understanding 
of O&M, this will not form part of our core offering and we will only 
consider involvement in an O&M capacity on attractive margin transactions 
where it is essential to the customer.  As the business develops it is likely 
that, to some extent, we will build the necessary O&M delivery capability to 
enhance the product offering in the future.
In those markets where we have limited wholesale capability or the third 
party access to power distribution systems is not feasible in a retail 
context, we will build and develop Utility Representation Services (URS) in 
conjunction with a DSM project offering.  This knowledge based business will 
allow us to develop retail customer networks in advance of economic system 
access and also provide valuable market information back to the wholesale 
business.  URS is ERPAG's core business and gives us a tremendous platform to 
create a pan European URS competence.
Expertise in Supply Side Management has increasingly become an issue for the 
origination team in EES Europe as we have begun to get into material deal 
development.  Whilst it is vital that we remain totally coordinated with the 
wholesale business for price risk management services, there will be a 
renewed emphasis within EES Europe to develop those commodity skills that do 
not reside in the wholesale business to allow us to promptly and effectively 
price and structure retail commodity transactions to the delivery point.
Given the renewed focus outlined above, we have taken the opportunity to 
streamline the Account Delivery and Management team, typically redeploying 
staff where they can immediately support the development of new business for 
EES Europe.  Effective Account Management remains a key capability for EES 
and as we close deals with customers we will review our staffing need in this 
area.
Organisation
After eighteen months working on establishing the outsourcing business in 
Europe, Ron Bertasi has decided to transition back to the US during the first 
half of 2001.  In the short term he will complete the Trillium property deal 
and ensure that the energy and property deals are both successfully 
launched.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ron, on behalf of 
everyone in Europe, for all his hard work over the last eighteen months in 
establishing the European Outsourcing business and in particular his 
leadership on the Trillium deal which represents a substantial landmark for 
the business.
Stuart Rexrode is now head of European Energy Services Outsourcing.  Stuart 
will continue in a customer facing capacity as a lead originator, whilst 
ensuring that all of the dimensions that comprise the Outsourcing team remain 
appropriately focussed.  Bob Manasse will head up the origination team and 
ensure that the deal pipeline remains full of substantial good quality 
prospects.
Hala Tayyarah has been promoted to Manager within the Commodity team and will 
provide commodity pricing support to the origination team.  Hala will report 
to Peter Redpath until such time as a head of Supply Side Management is 
appointed.
Reporting to Peter Redpath, Peter Ramgolam will lead a new activity, 
Transaction Economics, supporting Origination by developing cashflow models 
to determine deal economics, identify improvements to structures to optimise 
value and capture transactions for risk management purposes.
Also reporting to Peter Redpath, John Parker will lead the implementation of 
a Position Management activity.
The attached organisation charts show these changes in the revised structure 
of EES Europe which is effective immediately.  Whilst these charts are 
relatively self explanatory for the levels shown, there will be detailed 
discussions over the next day or so to explain what the changes mean for 
individuals.  Where boxes are labelled TBA, we hope to make appointments in 
the near future.
At 10.30am on Monday 12th February we shall be holding a one hour EES-Europe 
all employee meeting in the Auditorium in place of the usual weekly staff 
meeting.  At this session we will talk about the 2001 Earnings Plan and 
provide clarity on the deal process for Outsourcing and the reasoning behind 
it.  Also, it will be an opportunity for you to raise any questions you may 
have.  I look forward to seeing you there.
Matthew
I'm sorry Bob - AMPS
David W Delainey
02/09/2001 06:04 PM
Bob, please give me an update on our progress on this item and the viability 
of the technology.
Delainey
Bob, please give me an update on our progress on this item and the viability 
of the technology.
Delainey
Richard, it is my understanding that this investment is currently in Ray 
Bowen's business.  In my ENA shoes, I would say we would have no interest in 
taking on that responsibility.  In my EES shoes, I would like to take a 
closer look at the possible connections.  Please send me some info on the 
investment fund and their current investments portfolio.
I have also heard that Tom White has been talking to you about EES taking on 
the Catalytica investment.  With my EES shoes on, no way 
Delainey
Richard Lydecker@
02/07/2001 09:01 AM
The kinds of energy management services associated with this deal are now 
provided by EES.  While they are happy to exploit any opportunity, their 
business plan does not contemplate investment substantial capital in this 
kind of deal.  In short, they have no interest in picking up the commitment 
(and capital employed) via an intercompany transfer.
Private equity funds such as this are highly illiquid by design and the 
normal investment cycle is at least 5 - 7 years.  The Heartland partnership 
has a 10-year life,  Enron did negotiate the right to sell its LP interest 
after 3 years.  As a practical matter, that right guarantees neither a fair 
price or even a market.
There is no logical home for this investment that I know of in ENA except in 
my portfolio.  Question: is this an ENA responsibility or would it move to 
EIM's balance sheet?  If we (ENA) have no choice but to retain the 
investment, my group will take responsibility for it and do our best to 
monetize funds invested to-date (about $6 million) and sell the remaining 
commitment.  Since the fund itself is still marketing limited partnership 
interests, however, it will be extremely difficult to get out of our 
investment/commitment in the foreseeable future.  Under any circumstances 
finding a buyer will be time-consuming and expensive.  (This is a poster 
child for "patient" investment capital).
I want to ensure that you are aware of the situation in case your view is 
that the obligation should be transferred to EIM which I believe has assumed 
the charter of the ENA group that formerly managed this investment.  Dick 
Scott, I appreciate your note and I am sure that you will work well with 
Chris.  I have always believed in your talents and capabilities - I won't be 
far 
Delainey
Congratulations on the new position!   I guess they thought that double or 
tripling your budget wasn't a big enough challenge for you!  Best wishes, I 
am sure you will be successful.  ENA won't seem the same without you.
I want to thank you about your advice on Calger.  He is great to work for.  I 
am starting to crank again, just like 1998 (still my most enjoyable year at 
Enron)
Good luck! 
Ed, thanks for the note - hope things are going well.
Delainey
Scott, I apologize that no one talked to you before this one went out.  I 
assumed that Marty or Dan had spoken to you as we discussed this initial 
change; however, I take full responsibility.  I will guarantee it won't 
happen again.  My understanding is that you have been a significant 
contributor to EES strategy and success.  You can count on a lot more 
discussion about which markets and products are core in the few weeks and you 
will be leading a market opportunity.  I have asked Kay to set up some time 
for us to discuss the market and the future next week.  If that is not soon 
enough, I am around all day today. 
Delainey
thsx for the note Dick - look forward to working with you.
Delainey
thxs Ricardo
Delainey
thsx for the note Stuart - I've heard great things about you and I look 
forward to working with you.
Delainey
FYI
Dave,
I am sending this in response to your query regarding the slow payment from 
Wheeling Pittsburgh.  Wheeling Pittsburgh has allegedly filed bankruptcy some 
time last week.  Legal is trying to obtain the bankruptcy filing we are 
beginning to solidfy our potential claim.   Our current exposure is 
approximately $1.55mm ($1.07mm in receivable and $375k MTM).  We are working 
with the steel team (the deal was orginated by Tammy Mulrooney) and legal to 
determine our rights under our contract.  We will keep you posted with any 
updates.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Bill
thxs Chris - look forward to working with you again.
Delainey
Mark, thanks for the note - look forward to working with you - you did a 
great job for me in ENA, I'm sure that will continue.
Delainey
thxs for the note - I was aware of the possibility of my leaving; however, I 
really felt you needed to make your next step based on your own decisions 
with no outside pressure or bias.
Delainey
thsx for the note Becky.
delainey
Tim, I appreciate the note and the comments - I may need some of your help in 
the future as we bring this patient back to health.
Delainey
As a shareholder I am extremely happy that you are heading over to EES There is a business there.  They just need some help with the execution and 
implementation 
I'm sorry to see you leave ENA.  The management style that you and John have 
brought to this organization is the best I've seen.  The attention to details 
and teamwork are really impressive.  Personally, I want to say thanks for all 
of the support that you have provided to me and the West Power Team over the 
last year.  Everything from acknowledging our suceessful business model to 
helping us to refine it through improved metrics in the middle market to 
supporting me and my guys through the PRC process has been greatly 
appreciated!
With EES' large position in the west I'm sure we will be working together in 
the future.  Let me know if there is anything that I can do to help.  Good 
luck.
,
Tim
guys, I am out of town - John you will have to represent EA.
Delainey
Tracy L Arthur
02/08/2001 09:16:35 AM
Thank you all for agreeing to participate with the Associate Orientation Introduction  Enron's Businesses presentations.  The presentations will be 
conducted on the dates and times listed below, as previously scheduled.  All 
presentations will take place at the Doubletree Allen Center in the Dezavala 
room.
If you have any questions or require any additional information, please feel 
free to contact me at 713-345-7853.
Thank you again,
Tracy Arthur
Communication Specialist
LOCATION:
Doubletree Allen Center
Dezavala Room
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14
ETS  Stan Horton  Wednesday, February 14 9:15 a.m. - 9:45 a.m.
EA  Dave Delainey  Wednesday, February 14 9:45 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.
ENW  Louise Kitchen  Wednesday, February 14 10:30 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
EIM  Jeff McMahon  Wednesday, February 14 11:00 a.m. - 11:30 a.m.
Trading Simiulation  Colleen Sullivan Wednesday, February 14 1:30 p.m. - 2:00 
p.m.
EEL  John Thompson Wednesday, February 14 2:00 p.m. - 2:30 p.m.
EGM  Mike McConnell  Wednesday, February 14 2:30 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.
EGA  Chris Hunt  Wednesday, February 14  3:00 p.m. - 3:30 p.m.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15
EES   Dan Leff Thursday, February 15  8:45 a.m. - 9:15 a.m.
EBS   Kevin Hannon Thursday, February 15  9:15 a.m. - 9:45 a.m.
Global Finance  Tim Despain Thursday, February 15  10:15 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.
thxs for the note - all the best
delainey
i'll be back .... thanks for the note 
delainey
thxs sandra 
delainey
ok, let me put something together on e-mail over the next day or so otherwise we will plan to be in Europe over the next 4 weeks or so.
delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 09:22 AM
Dave,
It would be really great for you to do that.  Unfortunately we start at 
10.30am UK / 4.30am US time (the only slot we could get for the Auditorium It won't be as cool as a video link up, but if you give me a text message 
addressed to all European staff, I'll read it out.
I'll get the senior guys together on Monday for the weekly EES 2.30pm UK 8.30am US video conference call so you and Janet can at least speak to them.
Let's get you and Janet over to Europe to meet and greet the troops in person 
later in the year when you guys realise what you have taken on!
Matthew
David W Delainey
09/02/2001 15:03
Matthew, would your Monday meeting be a good time (if the time change works) 
for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the 
like to your organization?
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 03:04 AM
Introduction
EES has been operating in Europe since late 1999 and in that time a lot of 
progress has been made.  The teams who have worked on Outsourcing in Europe 
have learnt a tremendous amount over the last year.  We now have a much 
clearer idea of what should work today in the different jurisdictions that 
comprise Europe and those elements of our offering with which customers are 
most comfortable.
The phenomenally strong financial performance in 2000 of Enron Direct and 
ETOL graphically demonstrate the future potential in Europe for a broad 
retail energy business.  With Enron's retail energy presence in Europe firmly 
established, we are restructuring our Outsourcing product offering and the 
organisation to develop and deliver it, so that we broaden our activities and 
successfully grow our earnings in line with shareholder expectations.
We now have a renewed focus in 2001.  The emphasis will be to work on only 
the largest deals (by energy commodity spend) in those markets where we 
already have a robust wholesale energy business and there is regulated and 
economic third party access to retail power distribution systems.  The main 
thrust of our offering will be commodity and Demand Side Management (DSM) 
projects and our associated price risk management capabilities.  Commodity is 
Enron's core competence and one where Enron should be in a position to 
generate sizeable gross margin at closure.  DSM projects are also important 
as they will deliver gross margin and are what differentiate us from the 
commodity competition.  We will be focussing on shorter project lead times at 
the front of a deal to ensure that we get to closure promptly - we need to 
see 80% of the value in 20% of the time.  Whilst we retain an understanding 
of O&M, this will not form part of our core offering and we will only 
consider involvement in an O&M capacity on attractive margin transactions 
where it is essential to the customer.  As the business develops it is likely 
that, to some extent, we will build the necessary O&M delivery capability to 
enhance the product offering in the future.
In those markets where we have limited wholesale capability or the third 
party access to power distribution systems is not feasible in a retail 
context, we will build and develop Utility Representation Services (URS) in 
conjunction with a DSM project offering.  This knowledge based business will 
allow us to develop retail customer networks in advance of economic system 
access and also provide valuable market information back to the wholesale 
business.  URS is ERPAG's core business and gives us a tremendous platform to 
create a pan European URS competence.
Expertise in Supply Side Management has increasingly become an issue for the 
origination team in EES Europe as we have begun to get into material deal 
development.  Whilst it is vital that we remain totally coordinated with the 
wholesale business for price risk management services, there will be a 
renewed emphasis within EES Europe to develop those commodity skills that do 
not reside in the wholesale business to allow us to promptly and effectively 
price and structure retail commodity transactions to the delivery point.
Given the renewed focus outlined above, we have taken the opportunity to 
streamline the Account Delivery and Management team, typically redeploying 
staff where they can immediately support the development of new business for 
EES Europe.  Effective Account Management remains a key capability for EES 
and as we close deals with customers we will review our staffing need in this 
area.
Organisation
After eighteen months working on establishing the outsourcing business in 
Europe, Ron Bertasi has decided to transition back to the US during the first 
half of 2001.  In the short term he will complete the Trillium property deal 
and ensure that the energy and property deals are both successfully 
launched.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ron, on behalf of 
everyone in Europe, for all his hard work over the last eighteen months in 
establishing the European Outsourcing business and in particular his 
leadership on the Trillium deal which represents a substantial landmark for 
the business.
Stuart Rexrode is now head of European Energy Services Outsourcing.  Stuart 
will continue in a customer facing capacity as a lead originator, whilst 
ensuring that all of the dimensions that comprise the Outsourcing team remain 
appropriately focussed.  Bob Manasse will head up the origination team and 
ensure that the deal pipeline remains full of substantial good quality 
prospects.
Hala Tayyarah has been promoted to Manager within the Commodity team and will 
provide commodity pricing support to the origination team.  Hala will report 
to Peter Redpath until such time as a head of Supply Side Management is 
appointed.
Reporting to Peter Redpath, Peter Ramgolam will lead a new activity, 
Transaction Economics, supporting Origination by developing cashflow models 
to determine deal economics, identify improvements to structures to optimise 
value and capture transactions for risk management purposes.
Also reporting to Peter Redpath, John Parker will lead the implementation of 
a Position Management activity.
The attached organisation charts show these changes in the revised structure 
of EES Europe which is effective immediately.  Whilst these charts are 
relatively self explanatory for the levels shown, there will be detailed 
discussions over the next day or so to explain what the changes mean for 
individuals.  Where boxes are labelled TBA, we hope to make appointments in 
the near future.
At 10.30am on Monday 12th February we shall be holding a one hour EES-Europe 
all employee meeting in the Auditorium in place of the usual weekly staff 
meeting.  At this session we will talk about the 2001 Earnings Plan and 
provide clarity on the deal process for Outsourcing and the reasoning behind 
it.  Also, it will be an opportunity for you to raise any questions you may 
have.  I look forward to seeing you there.
Matthew
Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board:
- Tex Mex (ERCOT to Mexico transmission line with term PPA with Desarco)
- Ahlstrom (QF Purchase)
- CRRA/Fuel Cell Energy (fuel cell deal with Conn. regulators)
- sale of Pastoria and LV Cogen (assume not)
- sale of ECP (assume not)
- sale of HPL (assume not).
Delainey
thxs
dave
Thanks Fred
Delainey
thanks Jim
Dave
Thanks Dave
Delainey
David Oxley
02/08/2001 06:04 PM
All is under control:
a - We've set up a "Work-out" group under Cindy Skinner and will be producing 
the stats and making sure we don't cop out.
b - as above. Several have gone across wholesale already. stats will show 
this and progress on others.
c - Fair to say we have total clarity of direction here now! All memo's will 
be out by Monday, Cindy Olson has sent an email to HR community (re Embargo 
on HPL staff) and I believe Mark H is drafting something for other OTC's. 
Fran and Michele Cash (I also put another guy on this yesterday) have all in 
hand.
David
David W Delainey
02/07/2001 04:39 PM
a) year end reviews - report needs generating like mid-year documenting 
business unit performance on review completion - David to John;
b) work out or plan generation for the NIM/Issues employees - David to 
John;
c) HPL transition issues - ongoing.
Officially transferred.
Delainey
fyi, action
Christopher F Calger
02/08/2001 06:11 PM
CDWR is proposing to all potential suppliers the following security package 
for new PPA's:
1) Irrevocable PUC Order / Agreement that "locks in the revenue stream" for 
CDWR to cover the PPA costs.
2) PPA covenant that the power supplier has payment priority over any debt, 
including the contemplated debt issue
- the concept is that the supply is the operating cost and any debt would 
be subordinate
3) PPA Covenant that their is a uniform package to all suppliers; no more 
favorable terms or priority to ayone, no L/C, etc.
Subject to definitive language, CDWR is trying to get people to buy into this 
general plan.  What do people think?  Please try to shoot holes in this Please forward to the appropriate legal, regulatory and credit folks to air 
this out.
Thanks,
Chris
Matthew, would your Monday meeting be a good time (if the time change works) 
for me to introduce myself and say a few words via video conference or the 
like to your organization?
Delainey
Matthew Scrimshaw
02/09/2001 03:04 AM
Introduction
EES has been operating in Europe since late 1999 and in that time a lot of 
progress has been made.  The teams who have worked on Outsourcing in Europe 
have learnt a tremendous amount over the last year.  We now have a much 
clearer idea of what should work today in the different jurisdictions that 
comprise Europe and those elements of our offering with which customers are 
most comfortable.
The phenomenally strong financial performance in 2000 of Enron Direct and 
ETOL graphically demonstrate the future potential in Europe for a broad 
retail energy business.  With Enron's retail energy presence in Europe firmly 
established, we are restructuring our Outsourcing product offering and the 
organisation to develop and deliver it, so that we broaden our activities and 
successfully grow our earnings in line with shareholder expectations.
We now have a renewed focus in 2001.  The emphasis will be to work on only 
the largest deals (by energy commodity spend) in those markets where we 
already have a robust wholesale energy business and there is regulated and 
economic third party access to retail power distribution systems.  The main 
thrust of our offering will be commodity and Demand Side Management (DSM) 
projects and our associated price risk management capabilities.  Commodity is 
Enron's core competence and one where Enron should be in a position to 
generate sizeable gross margin at closure.  DSM projects are also important 
as they will deliver gross margin and are what differentiate us from the 
commodity competition.  We will be focussing on shorter project lead times at 
the front of a deal to ensure that we get to closure promptly - we need to 
see 80% of the value in 20% of the time.  Whilst we retain an understanding 
of O&M, this will not form part of our core offering and we will only 
consider involvement in an O&M capacity on attractive margin transactions 
where it is essential to the customer.  As the business develops it is likely 
that, to some extent, we will build the necessary O&M delivery capability to 
enhance the product offering in the future.
In those markets where we have limited wholesale capability or the third 
party access to power distribution systems is not feasible in a retail 
context, we will build and develop Utility Representation Services (URS) in 
conjunction with a DSM project offering.  This knowledge based business will 
allow us to develop retail customer networks in advance of economic system 
access and also provide valuable market information back to the wholesale 
business.  URS is ERPAG's core business and gives us a tremendous platform to 
create a pan European URS competence.
Expertise in Supply Side Management has increasingly become an issue for the 
origination team in EES Europe as we have begun to get into material deal 
development.  Whilst it is vital that we remain totally coordinated with the 
wholesale business for price risk management services, there will be a 
renewed emphasis within EES Europe to develop those commodity skills that do 
not reside in the wholesale business to allow us to promptly and effectively 
price and structure retail commodity transactions to the delivery point.
Given the renewed focus outlined above, we have taken the opportunity to 
streamline the Account Delivery and Management team, typically redeploying 
staff where they can immediately support the development of new business for 
EES Europe.  Effective Account Management remains a key capability for EES 
and as we close deals with customers we will review our staffing need in this 
area.
Organisation
After eighteen months working on establishing the outsourcing business in 
Europe, Ron Bertasi has decided to transition back to the US during the first 
half of 2001.  In the short term he will complete the Trillium property deal 
and ensure that the energy and property deals are both successfully 
launched.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ron, on behalf of 
everyone in Europe, for all his hard work over the last eighteen months in 
establishing the European Outsourcing business and in particular his 
leadership on the Trillium deal which represents a substantial landmark for 
the business.
Stuart Rexrode is now head of European Energy Services Outsourcing.  Stuart 
will continue in a customer facing capacity as a lead originator, whilst 
ensuring that all of the dimensions that comprise the Outsourcing team remain 
appropriately focussed.  Bob Manasse will head up the origination team and 
ensure that the deal pipeline remains full of substantial good quality 
prospects.
Hala Tayyarah has been promoted to Manager within the Commodity team and will 
provide commodity pricing support to the origination team.  Hala will report 
to Peter Redpath until such time as a head of Supply Side Management is 
appointed.
Reporting to Peter Redpath, Peter Ramgolam will lead a new activity, 
Transaction Economics, supporting Origination by developing cashflow models 
to determine deal economics, identify improvements to structures to optimise 
value and capture transactions for risk management purposes.
Also reporting to Peter Redpath, John Parker will lead the implementation of 
a Position Management activity.
The attached organisation charts show these changes in the revised structure 
of EES Europe which is effective immediately.  Whilst these charts are 
relatively self explanatory for the levels shown, there will be detailed 
discussions over the next day or so to explain what the changes mean for 
individuals.  Where boxes are labelled TBA, we hope to make appointments in 
the near future.
At 10.30am on Monday 12th February we shall be holding a one hour EES-Europe 
all employee meeting in the Auditorium in place of the usual weekly staff 
meeting.  At this session we will talk about the 2001 Earnings Plan and 
provide clarity on the deal process for Outsourcing and the reasoning behind 
it.  Also, it will be an opportunity for you to raise any questions you may 
have.  I look forward to seeing you there.
Matthew
FYI - SRS
I am pleased to report that, as 2/8/01, 4:00pm PST, PG&E has executed the
gas supplier security agreement and the intercreditor agreement with the
following suppliers:
* BP Energy Company
* Dynegy Canada Marketing & Trade, A Division of DCI
* Dynegy Marketing & Trade
* El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P.
* Texaco Canada
* Texaco Natural Gas
* TXU Energy Trading Canada Limited
* TXU Energy Trading Company
* Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. (US & Canada)
As you know, other suppliers are not precluded from future participation (we
highly encourage it) however, we will now require completion of Exhibit B
(Supplier Joinder Agreement) as outlined in 8.(j).  I would greatly
appreciate your replying to this email to let us know whether you intend to
be a party to these agreements at this time.
Please call if you have any questions.
Please forward all correspondence to:
Trista Berkovitz
Director, Gas Procurement
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
77 Beale Street, Room 553
San Francisco, CA  94105-1814
415. 973.2152 (bus)
415.973.9213 (fax)
NOTICE TO RECIPIENT:  THIS E-MAIL IS  MEANT FOR ONLY THE INTENDED RECIPIENT
OF THE TRANSMISSION, AND MAY BE A COMMUNICATION PRIVILEGED BY LAW.  IF YOU
OR COPYING OF THIS E-MAIL IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.  PLEASE NOTIFY US
IMMEDIATELY OF THE ERROR BY RETURN E-MAIL AND PLEASE DELETE THIS MESSAGE
FROM YOUR SYSTEM. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE FOR YOUR COOPERATION.
Rob, I need your re-submission of the plan document including goals and 
objective asap so that we can have a final discussion and finalize.
We should also set up some time to finalize your review.
Delainey
Laura, I know you are busy but I need your plan submission asap so that we 
can discuss and finalize.
Delainey
David W Delainey
02/06/2001 07:33 PM
FYI
Mitchell Taylor@
02/03/2001 10:22 AM
Dave,
Here is PGE's response to the question you raised about how its plans to 
cover its short position in '02 and beyond.  Part of Pamela's response does 
not make sense to me and I will follow up with her for additional details.
Let me know if you have additional questions.
Mitch
Hi, Mitch!  As of today, Oregon is sill moving forward with our version of
open access.  As you may recall, this is a fairly consevative approach.  Only
non-residential customers are eligible for direct access.  Utilities need not
sell any generating resources.  We will use a technique called "ongoing
valuation" to allow non-residentials to elect other suppliers while still
receiving the benefits/paying the costs of our current supplies.  We are
planning to be in balance (or long) for 2002 on a full load basis.  Thus,
while non-residential customers may elect new suppliers, they are essentially
fully hedged with our portfolio of long- and short-term supplies.  We have
also begun to raise the question for discussion whether we should fill a full
load position for years beyond 2002.  Those discussions will probably continue
the next couple of months.  One possible outcome is that we would fill all of
our load except perhaps customers over 1-5 MWs.  They would have the right to
"opt-out" by giving us notice 1/1/02 not to plan for them beginning 1/1/03. 
Then, the Commission might phase in this option for consecutively smaller load
customers on a set schedule.  This would allow us some certainty and ability
to make longer-term commitments and also give the market some certainty about
what load might be available when.  Everyone is well-aware of our short
position and the implications of that.  We are seeking an amendment to
Oregon's restructuring law that would eliminate any date restriction on our
ability to treat resource commitments as eligible for transition treatment.  I
think this is a critical piece to ensuring that Oregon doesn't set up a cliff
like California did or Nevada appears to be doing.  All this being said,
whether Oregon's restructuring moves forward is ultimately an
emotional/political issue.  Bad news, even if unrelated to direct access,
could spook the Legislature enough to give momentum to the several bills
already introduced to delay/reverse it.  We will keep you informed. 
Meanwhile, our power supply folks are proceeding as if we will need to plan
for almost everyone indefinitely.
>> Jim Piro 01/26/01 02:26PM I think based upon your discussions with staff and the commissioners you are
the best one to respond to this question.  Thanks
>>  Jim, 
In the resource plan that you sent me earlier this week, you indicated that 
PGE was short anywhere from 400 to 700 MW, going out to 2006. What 
sentiment are you hearing in Oregon about open accesss? (In Nevada, where 
I have been focused of late, the drums are beating louder for longer 
delays). If open access (customer choice) is deferred beyond this year, 
how do you plan to cover this short position, especially in '02? Does the 
OPUC appreciate that you are short in anticipation of open access? 
Thanks, 
Mitch
Joe, has Jeff Rubin confirmed his availability on December 14th from 4:00 to 
5:30PM to give us a macro-economic overview ?
Delainey
a) year end reviews - report needs generating like mid-year documenting 
business unit performance on review completion - David to John;
b) work out or plan generation for the NIM/Issues employees - David to 
John;
c) HPL transition issues - ongoing.
Officially transferred.
Delainey
Jaime, appreciate all your efforts and I am sure you will find a way to hit 
your targets this year.
Delainey
Mike, Brian Redmond
Dave
I am having trouble finding the gentleman you referred to yesterday as David 
Redman or Redmond. Did I not get his name correct or could you assist in 
where I can track him down.
MFG
FYI
Mitchell Taylor@
02/03/2001 10:22 AM
Dave,
Here is PGE's response to the question you raised about how its plans to 
cover its short position in '02 and beyond.  Part of Pamela's response does 
not make sense to me and I will follow up with her for additional details.
Let me know if you have additional questions.
Mitch
Hi, Mitch!  As of today, Oregon is sill moving forward with our version of
open access.  As you may recall, this is a fairly consevative approach.  Only
non-residential customers are eligible for direct access.  Utilities need not
sell any generating resources.  We will use a technique called "ongoing
valuation" to allow non-residentials to elect other suppliers while still
receiving the benefits/paying the costs of our current supplies.  We are
planning to be in balance (or long) for 2002 on a full load basis.  Thus,
while non-residential customers may elect new suppliers, they are essentially
fully hedged with our portfolio of long- and short-term supplies.  We have
also begun to raise the question for discussion whether we should fill a full
load position for years beyond 2002.  Those discussions will probably continue
the next couple of months.  One possible outcome is that we would fill all of
our load except perhaps customers over 1-5 MWs.  They would have the right to
"opt-out" by giving us notice 1/1/02 not to plan for them beginning 1/1/03. 
Then, the Commission might phase in this option for consecutively smaller load
customers on a set schedule.  This would allow us some certainty and ability
to make longer-term commitments and also give the market some certainty about
what load might be available when.  Everyone is well-aware of our short
position and the implications of that.  We are seeking an amendment to
Oregon's restructuring law that would eliminate any date restriction on our
ability to treat resource commitments as eligible for transition treatment.  I
think this is a critical piece to ensuring that Oregon doesn't set up a cliff
like California did or Nevada appears to be doing.  All this being said,
whether Oregon's restructuring moves forward is ultimately an
emotional/political issue.  Bad news, even if unrelated to direct access,
could spook the Legislature enough to give momentum to the several bills
already introduced to delay/reverse it.  We will keep you informed. 
Meanwhile, our power supply folks are proceeding as if we will need to plan
for almost everyone indefinitely.
>> Jim Piro 01/26/01 02:26PM I think based upon your discussions with staff and the commissioners you are
the best one to respond to this question.  Thanks
>>  Jim, 
In the resource plan that you sent me earlier this week, you indicated that 
PGE was short anywhere from 400 to 700 MW, going out to 2006. What 
sentiment are you hearing in Oregon about open accesss? (In Nevada, where 
I have been focused of late, the drums are beating louder for longer 
delays). If open access (customer choice) is deferred beyond this year, 
how do you plan to cover this short position, especially in '02? Does the 
OPUC appreciate that you are short in anticipation of open access? 
Thanks, 
Mitch
I think this is something for you guys...SRS
Supplier Security Agreement.DOC>>  <<Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency
Intercreditor Agreement.DOC Attached are revised versions of the gas supplier security agreement and the
intercreditor agreement, marked to show changes against the draft dated
February 2, 2001.
In addition I have included the unmarked versions of these documents for
execution.  Please arrange to have the agreements executed on behalf of your
organization and fax the signature pages to me.  I would appreciate you
sending three executed original signature pages to me by overnight mail; I
will return fully executed counterparts to you.
You will note that we assembled the addresses for notices on Schedule I
based on available information.  Please make any corrections necessary to
this notice section before signing.  Also note that we have limited the
address for notices for each legal entity to one address, and have not
included copies for attorneys and the like. We anticipate that the list of
addresses for notices will grow to be very long and would like to limit the
addresses to which various notices and reports will be sent.  Please be sure
that the person designated to receive notices on behalf of your organization
will be able to forward copies to the other persons who need to receive
them.
Please forward all correspondence to:
Trista Berkovitz
Director, Gas Procurement
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
77 Beale Street, Room 553
San Francisco, CA  94105-1814
415. 973.2152 (bus)
415.973.9213 (fax)
NOTICE TO RECIPIENT:  THIS E-MAIL IS  MEANT FOR ONLY THE INTENDED RECIPIENT
OF THE TRANSMISSION, AND MAY BE A COMMUNICATION PRIVILEGED BY LAW.  IF YOU
OR COPYING OF THIS E-MAIL IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.  PLEASE NOTIFY US
IMMEDIATELY OF THE ERROR BY RETURN E-MAIL AND PLEASE DELETE THIS MESSAGE
FROM YOUR SYSTEM. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE FOR YOUR COOPERATION.
- Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier Security Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier and Collateral Agency Intercreditor Agreement.DOC
- Gas Supplier Security Agreement.DOC
John, I asked Brian to investigate taking a number of ESA's engineering folks 
into his central Technical Services group.  These folks would continue to 
work on ESA's projects but would get the resources and support of the 
centralized body particularily in their negotiations with outside vendors 
including NEPCO and OEC.  It would also be another linkage into the SAmerican 
business from Houston to help monitor and defray technical and development 
risk.  Lets see if Kishkill and Redmond get to the right answer.
Delainey
Steve, I only have the following suggestion for the Office of the Chairman 
paragraph:
"Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES.  Joining Dave, in the 
Office of the Chairman, will be Marty Sunde, as President, Global Marketing 
Services and Dan Leff, as President, Global Energy Services.  Dan and Marty 
have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES 
business model.  In addition, Janet Dietrich will join the Office of the 
Chairman as Chief Operating Officer.  Currently, Janet is Managing Director 
in Enron Americas where she had successfully led both trading and origination 
organizations."
Delainey
CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT DISTRIBUTE
Steve Kean would like your comments on this email as soon as possible.
Thanks.
Steve, write these down in pencil - I need a chance to review.
thanks
Dave
Dan Leff@EES
02/06/2001 04:31 PM
Steve 
Per your request.
- Dan
FYI, refer to previous note.
Christopher F Calger
02/06/2001 06:38 PM
I made one adjustment - Pastoria offer is $58.80.
FYI, Ken we may want you to speak to Peevey and Freeman.  I believe that 
discussion should frame the proposal and attempt to set up a meeting with his 
staff and advisors to answer questions about credit and documentation.  In 
the propsal, we have tried to frame the potential credit and legal holes in 
their RFP with our suggested language or documents.  It would be helpful for 
the commercial team in ENA/EES to meet with these gentlemen and their 
advisors to describe the proposal and perhaps move towards negotiating a 
transaction.
The proposal includes:
a) traded power products of various sizes and terms;
b) unit contigent tolls from Pastoria (750MW) and Las Vegas Cogen (222MW) 
for term;
c) natural gas packages for size for one through five year terms to provide 
gas hedges for their QF portfolio or other contracted merchant toll contracts;
and d) an preliminary proposal on DSM from EES.
I will forward an executive summary from Chris Calger with more detail.
Delainey
Dale Rasmussen
02/06/2001 05:51 PM
The final copy of the Response to RFB (California Department of Water 
Resources) is attached.  We are sending the document by fax and overnight 
delivery shortly.
The missing Exhibits are in hard-copy form and will be included in the 
overnight delivery package.
working it
Dan, should we put more meat on this bone?
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
02/06/2001 11:26 AM
Dave,
FYI.  While the rest of the document is being pulled together I thought you 
would want to see the EES component.
Chris
Scott Gahn@EES
02/06/2001 08:32 AM
Here is another version - minor changes based on comments.
Janet, the CALME organization does not exist so it might be difficult to 
negotiate a transfer price - we need to just do the right thing for Enron if you think you are getting stuffed economically then I would work a deal 
out with Lavo or Whalley.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
02/06/2001 09:51 AM
I do not think ENA should cover the IDC's prior to us taking this turbine. It 
would be appropriate for us to pick up IDC's going forward. Your thoughts?
Ben F Jacoby
02/05/2001 08:08 PM
Sent by: Ben Jacoby
Janet:
Did you happen to talk to Dave about whether his agreement on the 501D5A 
included taking the IDCs? FYI, they total about $2.5 million. As I mentioned, 
CALME wants to move the turbine off their books as soon as possible. Based on 
our conversation on Friday, I have told Jody that we will not accept the $1.2 
million they paid in error to Siemens Westinghouse, and that I was checking 
on our position on the IDCs. Please let me know what your and Dave's position 
is on this.
,
Ben
Guys, as a follow on to our discussion last week:
a) run the RFP for VN service for Electro - variety of terms, volumes  as 
per our discussion - next thirty days - Orlando;
b) explore the possibility of adding four additional LM's to the Electrobolt 
structure as a form of generation mitigation for the Electro short - would 
Petrobras be open to this discussion and what would be the last date that we 
would have to call NTP to get in on time to make 2003 - Joe;
c) as much information on the nature of the Electro short and any customer 
contractual positions that can be provided to Lavo to start estimating the 
value  of the possible straddle - Orlando
d) re-run the Cuiba MTM model given changing cost parameters, fuel issues 
and timing to determine what the possible hit may be and what are the 
mitigants - Joe;
e) re-run budget numbers with correct view on re-organization costs - Joe;
f) view on financial budget and strategic goals for 2001 and feedback to ESA 
- Lavo/Delainey;
g) update commercial org chart reflecting discussions about the origination 
teams - Joe;
and h) clarification on sale and asset responsibility in SA on a go forward 
basis given changing opinions on effectiveness of current organization - Lavo.
Outsourcing contacts:
a) PetroCanada/Suncor - Eric LeDain
b) Peoples Gas  - Laura Luce
c) Virginia Natural Gas - Ed McMichael
d) Brooklyn Union - Ed McMichael
Delainey
fyi, action
Eric Thode@
01/22/2001 01:42 PM
Dave 
Sorry for the delay in responding.  Dorie has been out after surgery and I 
wanted to talk with her first.  Attendance is an issue that can be addressed 
via a few initiatives, including:
1) better up-front communication from the Office of the Chair through the 
direct supervisors (like we did for United Way last year)
2) entertainment/big-name draw added to the line-up
3) IP-TV as a back-up for those who cannot attend
4) select a better time than last year's meeting (i.e., morning meetings have 
been better attended in the past vs. last year's afternoon meeting)
There are no doubt other small changes we can make to enhance attendance, but 
this should get us headed in the right direction.  Dorie and I would be happy 
to sit down and discuss this with you.
Regardless of what we do to increase attendance, if we wish to do such a 
meeting, we need to pick a date and get on the Hyatt calendar soon.  Their 
calendar is filling up quickly.  Thanks.
Eric
David W Delainey@ECT
01/16/2001 10:18 AM
Guys, given all the change and our 2000 success, I would argue that we should 
have a meeting; however, the challenge is getting people to show up - any 
thoughts on this Eric/Dorie?
Delainey
Eric Thode@
01/10/2001 01:50 PM
Dave and John 
In the past, ENA has held an all-employee business meeting over at the Hyatt 
in April or May.  Do you plan to hold such a meeting?  If so, we need to get 
started on planning the event.  Dorie Hitchcock has typically handled the 
arrangements.  Please advise.
Eric
Liz M Taylor
01/31/2001 11:35 AM
Greg Whalley will be holding a budget meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 6 @ 3:00 p.m. 
in EB3321.  This invitation is extended to all CEOs and/or COOs reporting to 
Wholesale Services.  Should you have any questions, please contact me 
immediately 
Confirmed Attendees:
Louise Kitchen
Dave Delainey
Jeff McMahon
Jeff Shankman
Jim Hughes
Wes Colwell
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Ken, I will drive by - I am interested in looking at a few options.
thanks
Dave
Ken Rice@MUNICATIONS
02/02/2001 10:05 AM
Dave
Congratulations ( I think?) on your new assignment.
If you get a chance in the next few days, drive by this building I have.  It 
is at 5205 Spruce (2 blocks north of Bellaire Blvd and 2 blocks west of Rice) 
in Bellaire.  It  is a great building for what you need for your cars.  It 
will lease for about $12-$15/sf annually (about 5000 sf including the garage 
space) and I have about $750,000 in the building.  If you have 1/3 of the 
building (+-$250,000) it will cost you about $1,600/mo in interest.  This is 
about what it would cost to put your 3 cars in a climate controlled storage 
space (probably less) at a USTOREIT.  Let me know if you're interested in 
looking at a deal structure.
Ken
Wes, do you have the first cut?  John you need to have some input.
Delainey
Greg Whalley
02/01/2001 04:47 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Dave,
Greg is requesting Enron Americas' 2001 Goals & Objectives (no more than 3 to 
4 each) asap.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Dave Delainey has asked to have the following meeting arranged:
Date:  Friday
February 2, 2001
Time:  10:30 am - 11:30 am
Location: EB 3321
Topic:  California Update
Please let me know if you have any questions or conflicts.
Thanks,
Kay   3-0643
Guys, can you start working on your presentations for the offsite 
Dave I would like you to focus on the new generation of capital products that 
you are working on for the IPP market which should be able to source short 
and medium term commodity liquidity and be syndicatable(?) on the capital 
side.  Go into some detail and speak to a couple of specific opportunities. 
It may also be interesting for you to give an initial cut on the economics of 
coal generation (including emissions control) given current power and gas 
markets and a quick view of the development process. How should we 
participate in this market?  Gasification technology?
Jeff, in your talk, can you focus on the emerging distributed generation 
sector ie) the technologies, the users, the VC's, etc.  Specifically, how 
will these technologies change our business model and the overall power 
business model?  How are we positioning ourselves in this market?  What is 
the PI strategy with this regard? 
Dorie Hitchcock and Tammy Sheppard can do a lot of the heavy lifting; 
however, we need a first cut by December 8th.
Thanks
Delainey
Guys, do we have enough VAR to bring this position into the book?  If over 
$5M in total exposure it has to go to Frevert/Whalley 
John, I assume that you have gone through the transaction and have approved.
Delainey
Janice R Moore
02/01/2001 09:06 AM
And here's the risk memo on this deal.  Still in draft form and based on the 
state of play at the moment 
,
Janice
EB3861
Janet R Dietrich
01/31/2001 04:34 PM
John, thanks for the update. I sat down with John Lavorato and Dana Davis 
this morning to review the deal and get John's approval under the current 
terms. He has approved the deal in it's current form however, to the extent 
that we have any material change in the terms I'll need to be sure he's OK 
with the changes in advance of any binding committment with Central Maine. 
This is definitely a deal we want to do and given the anticipated 
acceleration in the negotiations and possible execution, we need to be sure 
that we're able to react and transact quickly. Dana Davis is obviously on 
point for all pricing. For all others who have involvement here - please 
ensure that you're on board with your piece of the deal as is, and available 
to focus on any negotiated changes that may come up over the next couple of 
days. Berney Aucoin will be on point for coordinating and managing all 
internal pricing, approvals, etc., so be sure that Bernie can get ahold of 
you if he needs to 
Also, for the DASH signatures, why don't you move both Kevin and I to 
"Regional Management" and let Ader and Davis sign for Origination and 
Trading. 
Thanks and good luck! 
John Llodra@
01/31/2001 11:50 AM
All:
As some of you may be aware, we are in the process of negotiating with 
Central Maine Power Company regarding the assumption of a portion of their 
wholesale obligations associated with their Standard Offer Service load in 
the State of Maine, covering at least March 1, 2001 - Feb 28, 2002.   We are 
currently in the process of negotiating a contract and transaction terms They are simultaneously discussing same with other suppliers.  At this point, 
there are a number of outstanding items (including numerous contract items 
and credit arrangements).  However, we expect that the pace of the 
negotiation process will be very quick over the next 1-3 days.   As an 
example of how quickly things might move, CMP has indicated that the Maine 
PUC is poised to hold deliberations and approve CMP's signing of a contract 
within 24 hours of CMP/Enron agreement on contract terms (with updated firm 
pricing to be supplied just prior to PUC deliberations and held open for 
about 2-3 hours).
Key members of our negotiating team on this deal are as follows:
Origination/Marketing:  John Llodra, George Wood
Legal:  Janice Moore
Regulatory/Governmental:  Daniel Allegretti
Commodity Structuring:  Jim Meyn, Zach Sampson
Credit:  Edward Sacks, Tracy Ngo
Attached below is a draft of the DASH for this prospective deal.  Items 
subject to change or still under negotiation are noted.   While this DASH is 
prepared assuming we obtain a multi-year extension swaption, there is a 
chance it may end up being a single year deal for the period Mar 1, 01- Feb 
28, 02.   My intent in sending the DASH at this time is to familiarize you 
all with the aspects of the deal at this point in time, to enable us to move 
quickly to get internal approvals in the event we reach final agreement with 
CMP over the next couple of days.  Once agreement is reached with CMP on 
outstanding items, a revised DASH will be circulated.  Please feel free to 
call me at 978-449-9936, or Jim Meyn/Berney Aucoin in structuring (5-3223, 
3-4784) if you have any questions on the commercial structure or valuation to 
date.  Thanks.
John
Dan, sounds like we are moving backwards - but these guys tend to jump the 
gun at times.  If it is not possible for these orgs to work together lets not 
try and force them (ie) we will manage our own business and contract with 
NEPCO when and if it makes sense.
Delainey
Brian Redmond
01/31/2001 05:56 PM
Dave,
Yes,  I've got these set up.
On a separate topic, I received a visit from D. Liebert (working for Dan L. 
on EE&CC) to discuss the memo I sent out on the Tech Services Group During the discussion we identified several areas where EES' view diverges 
from the view in my memo that ENA will manage its own technical risk and will 
be supported by EE&CC.      Currently, EES is headed in the following 
direction:
1. EE&CC will manage all technical risk in Enron as part of a consolidated 
technical risk book. 
2. EE&CC will be the sign off on all DASH's with respect to technical risk.
3. EE&CC is still trying to work out how their services will be charged to 
the business units - not sure what "cost" is.
This central decision is (1.) above.  If EES is going to manage ENA's 
technical risk then the balance between managing engineering cost and 
managing technical risk will be eliminated.  Essentially we will be back to a 
ENA (origination) vs. EE&CC (construction) relationship where we argue about 
how much money they are spending and the amount of overhead that is included 
in their "cost".  Your thoughts on this?
We didn't draw any lines and agreed to keep discussing to make this work.  I 
would suggest that either I can meet with Dan L. to understand his views or 
that we have another joint meeting with you and Dan's team to resolve.
,
Brian
David W Delainey
01/31/2001 03:11 PM
Brian, I assume that you are doing the review for Bob Virgo, Wayne Mays, Jean 
Mrha and Julie Gomez.
Delainey
Dave has asked that a Staff Meeting be scheduled for Wednesday February 7, 
2001, from 3:00 pm til 5:00 pm in 30C1.  Please mark your calendar and plan 
to attend.
If you have any questions and/or conflicts, please feel free to call me (Kay 
3-0643).
Thanks,
Kay
Janet, if you are ok, I'm ok - we usually only sign these type of 
non-solicitations, stand-stills or non-competes if we are well down the road 
towards having a reasonable probability to completing a transaction with the 
counterparty.  Otherwise, it becomes a nightmare to manage all these.  I will 
leave it to your discretion.
Delainey
Pursuant to an Interoffice Memorandum from Jim Derrick to all Enron Attorneys 
dated October 27, 1999, I am required to seek approval from each of you prior 
to signing off on a non-solicitation agreement which affects Enron North 
America Corp.  This non-solicitation agreement is being required by Niagara 
Mohawk in order to participate in its request for proposal both to outsource 
the management of its supply portfolio and to provide power to meet its 
"Standard Offer Service" load requirements for a term ending 12/31/06.
The proposed non-solicitation language reads as follows:
Please feel free to contact me at extension 3-7493 if you have any questions 
or comments on the legal side.  If you have questions about the underlying 
commercial transaction, please call either Jeff Ader or Michael Brown 
Thanks
Stuart
Jeff, I assume that you are doing Lydecker, Maffitt and Detmering's review.
thanks
Dave
These are the reviews that I have completed or nearing completion:
- Dave Duran
- Joe Deffner
- Tammy Sheppherd
- Scott Josey
- Brian Redmond
- Rob Milnthorp
- Janet Dietrich
- Chris Calger
- John Thompson
- Max Yzaguirre
- Jeff Donahue
- Wes Colwell
- Kay Chapman
David, Greg told me that you were going to create a master list of 
reviews/reviewers to be completed to ensure that the Wholesale OOC's catches 
all commercial and non-commercial direct reports.  I would suggest that we 
follow up with a master list for each business unit to ensure that all 
reviews are completed across ENA much like the process we undertook at 
mid-year.  I would shoot for 100% participation target.  How are we making 
out on the NIM/Issues folks in ENA - either out the door or completed plans?
Delainey
Brian, I assume that you are doing the review for Bob Virgo, Wayne Mays, Jean 
Mrha and Julie Gomez.
Delainey
John, I assume that you are doing the review for Vince Kaminski.
Thanks
Dave
Jeff, I assume that you are providing a review for Mike L Miller.
Thanks
Dave
Guys, I do not have any material that Brian, Tim or Wes would not  have in 
their files.
Delainey
Each of you were intended recipients of the below-attached memo and  E-Mail 
from Anne Koehler.  To date your responses have not been received.   Please 
respond via E-Mail to Ann Ballard in our Enron Corp. Legal Department.  Ann 
will be making our HSR filing tomorrow and needs to have these E-Mail 
responses in order to insure that all of the  data described in the 
below-attatched memo has been included in the HSR filing and to complete the 
corporation's files which serve to evidence that appropriate efforts were 
made to conduct a thorough search for responsive data.  If you have questions 
please call either Ann Ballard, Anne Koehler or me.
Sincerely
BNG
Attached please find a memorandum describing Enron's obligation to provide 
copies of certain information in connection with the Hart Scott Rodino filing 
required in connection with sale of HPL to AEP.  Please review the memorandum 
and respond as requested by the memo no later than Tuesday, January 30, 2001. 
Thank you for your assistance with this matter. 
Anne C. Koehler
Sr. Counsel, ENA
EB 3839
713-853-3448
Beth, can you start putting together your presentation for the offsite.  You 
have approximately one hour.  Topic should focus on the 2001 ENA systems plan 
(ie) what are identified priorities, key maintenance, new iniatives and maybe 
your view of where we need to go in the future.  I would leave some time for 
questions.
The audience should come away from the meeting with a pretty good 
understanding of what is our systems agenda for ENA in 2001.
Could you have a first cut by December 8th?
Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock can do some of the heavy lifting.
Delainey
ok, your call - do we have some spares available if needed?
Delainey
Kevin, the only thing to keep in mind are the patent issues on the DLN - the 
GE settlement prevents PSM from re-manufacturing any further "tainted" 
product including spares for the existing DLN system - how might this affect 
our reliability at peak times?
Delainey
I'm having Mitch scrub the economics one more time.   In general, however, 
the capital expense is very hard to justify given the fact we ran only 200 
hours last year (1000 hour total permit) and the forward curve suggests we 
will run 300-400 hours per year.
Spending capital $'s for lower CO and NOx is hard to justify when the 
additional run hours are not valued from a trading perspective.
John, what do you want to do with this?  We had discussed but I wanted to 
follow up.
Delainey
Eric Thode@
01/22/2001 01:42 PM
Dave 
Sorry for the delay in responding.  Dorie has been out after surgery and I 
wanted to talk with her first.  Attendance is an issue that can be addressed 
via a few initiatives, including:
1) better up-front communication from the Office of the Chair through the 
direct supervisors (like we did for United Way last year)
2) entertainment/big-name draw added to the line-up
3) IP-TV as a back-up for those who cannot attend
4) select a better time than last year's meeting (i.e., morning meetings have 
been better attended in the past vs. last year's afternoon meeting)
There are no doubt other small changes we can make to enhance attendance, but 
this should get us headed in the right direction.  Dorie and I would be happy 
to sit down and discuss this with you.
Regardless of what we do to increase attendance, if we wish to do such a 
meeting, we need to pick a date and get on the Hyatt calendar soon.  Their 
calendar is filling up quickly.  Thanks.
Eric
David W Delainey@ECT
01/16/2001 10:18 AM
Guys, given all the change and our 2000 success, I would argue that we should 
have a meeting; however, the challenge is getting people to show up - any 
thoughts on this Eric/Dorie?
Delainey
Eric Thode@
01/10/2001 01:50 PM
Dave and John 
In the past, ENA has held an all-employee business meeting over at the Hyatt 
in April or May.  Do you plan to hold such a meeting?  If so, we need to get 
started on planning the event.  Dorie Hitchcock has typically handled the 
arrangements.  Please advise.
Eric
Ken, I'm a lowly piker but I will try to help.
Delainey
Guys, where do we stand with Tom and the replacement combustion systems?
Delainey
Dave,
?
Attached is a  summary of our test efforts at New Albany.? The new 
combustion  system?performed as expected. We have taken orders from other 
users for the  EA version of the system and will be delivering the first sets 
at the end of the  1st Qtr. The new system would give you 3X the current run 
time at New Albany  & Doyle. Is there any interest in upgrading to the new 
system? I know we  have discussed it in the past.
?
Best ?
Tom  Churbuck
- Summary of Combustion Testing at New Albany_.doc
Yours!
Janet R Dietrich
01/29/2001 09:17 AM
Dave, East power trading does not have any options capability now. We don't 
price options very well and we have little capability to manage them 
effectively. This will be a huge hindrance to deals this year. I would really 
appreciate your focus on this.
Janet R Dietrich
01/29/2001 09:10 AM
Hey John. Have you worked out the green card issues with the TXU options 
trader? What's the status and timeline for getting him here? Also, Bruce 
Sukaly will be talking with you about Steve Wang's option's background. I 
think you should talk with Steve and decide whether he can fill some of our 
voids from an option pricing/management standpoint. 
Thanks.
Guys, I'm not the sharing type  - book me in the Forest Room.
Delainey
These are the dates that we are going to graceland.  I suggest we arrive on 
Thursday evening and come back Sunday afternoon.  I'll now hand over the 
arrangements to Tycholiz Travel Co.
John Lavorato
Below is the availability of alternate rooms at the Inn at Spanish Bay for 
March 8-11, 2001:
Forest View Room @$425/night - some double queen size currently available.
Scenic View Room @ $475/night - no double accommodations available and single 
rooms are sold out.
Ocean View Room @$525/night - some double queen size currently available.
If you would like to pay by credit card, I will need the type of card, 
number, name & expiration date on the card.  Along with the credit card 
information, I will need to know the names of the other 3 people attending.
I have reserved golf for Friday, March 9th at 7:20 a.m. at Links at Spanish 
Bay and Saturday, March 10th at 12:00 p.m. at Pebble Beach Golf Links.
Room availability is tight so we should move on this as soon as possible Please let me know how you would like to proceed with this event.
THANKS!
Greg, nothing that pressing - I was just wondering how things were going and 
wanted to catch up on few things.
Delainey
We had a meeting scheduled last week that we missed.
Did you still want to meet?
GP
James L Bouillion
01/25/2001 11:43 AM
Due to adverse loss experience the insurance market is "hardening" resulting 
in higher rates and more restrictive terms and conditions. Property insurance 
rates are generally rising for everyone and particularly those with poor loss 
experience. Unfortunately, Enron falls in the latter category. In the past, 
not withstanding our loss experience, Enron has enjoyed very competitive 
rates and a deductible of $500,000 for both property damage and business 
interruption (traditionally, property insurance policies contain a monetary 
deductible for property damage plus a day waiting period for business 
interruption (normally 30 to 90 days)).  For the period 1993 through 2000 
Enron paid premiums of approximately $114,100,000 and collected losses of 
approximately $ 212,200.000.  This trend is continuing under the current 
policy which is expiring on 3/1/2001. 
Current renewal terms being offered require an estimated premium of  
$17,000,000 and a deductible of $5,000,000 per loss for property damage and 
business interruption. This is the lowest deductible achievable unless we are 
willing to accept a waiting period for business interruption. 
Realising the potential costs and budgetary and contractual implications 
associated with such a change, we are continuing negotiations and seeking 
alternatives to the current renewal terms. However, we should all be prepared 
for an increase in premiums and the level of loss which we retain through 
deductibles. I will keep you advised as these negotiations progress. 
Please forward this notice to all concerned parties within your group. If 
there are any questions, please give me a call at ext. 36263.
wduran@ on 11/21/2000 08:43:04 AM
DURAN,WILLIAM D  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on DURAN,WILLIAM D  until you have 
approved the list.
Guys, can you work with Milly on this issue.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
01/22/2001 10:40 AM
Dave, we are in the process of making offers to two individuals in Toronto 
for the purposes of covering gas marketing reporting to Eric Le Dain. Lavo 
and I discussed mid-year last year that we needed someone to cover the 
utilities and someone to cover industrials. It has been a difficult hiring 
process, but we are now there.  I would envision both of these marketers 
working closely with Storey on mid-market transactions with Eric's 
involvement on structured/originated transactions.
Milnthorp
David W Delainey
01/20/2001 05:11 PM
Guys, I can't recall how the corporate opportunity is managed between Canada 
and the US for these customers particularily with regard to their 
transactions in Michigan et al.  Is Eastern Canada now managed by the Central 
desk from a trading and mid-market point of view since Story came down to 
Houston? How are the structured deals managed?  Is this still the right split 
for the business?
Delainey
As we continue to define goals/objectives and coverage staffing in alignment 
with the corresponding trading group, I assumed that Eastern Canada 
origination would fall within the central region.  Specifically opportunities 
with Enbridge, Consumers and Union due to mid-market/trading coverage 
previously being at the central desk.  I understand there is history to this 
division and I have no desire to start any new issues or create larger 
organizational issues.   In the gas re-organization, how did you 
strategically divide Eastern Canada?
I would appreciate your direction or decision.
Thanx,
Laura
Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the 
corporate opportunity (ie) Laura, Hunter, etc.
Thxz
Dave
Rob Milnthorp
01/22/2001 10:40 AM
Dave, we are in the process of making offers to two individuals in Toronto 
for the purposes of covering gas marketing reporting to Eric Le Dain. Lavo 
and I discussed mid-year last year that we needed someone to cover the 
utilities and someone to cover industrials. It has been a difficult hiring 
process, but we are now there.  I would envision both of these marketers 
working closely with Storey on mid-market transactions with Eric's 
involvement on structured/originated transactions.
Milnthorp
David W Delainey
01/20/2001 05:11 PM
Guys, I can't recall how the corporate opportunity is managed between Canada 
and the US for these customers particularily with regard to their 
transactions in Michigan et al.  Is Eastern Canada now managed by the Central 
desk from a trading and mid-market point of view since Story came down to 
Houston? How are the structured deals managed?  Is this still the right split 
for the business?
Delainey
As we continue to define goals/objectives and coverage staffing in alignment 
with the corresponding trading group, I assumed that Eastern Canada 
origination would fall within the central region.  Specifically opportunities 
with Enbridge, Consumers and Union due to mid-market/trading coverage 
previously being at the central desk.  I understand there is history to this 
division and I have no desire to start any new issues or create larger 
organizational issues.   In the gas re-organization, how did you 
strategically divide Eastern Canada?
I would appreciate your direction or decision.
Thanx,
Laura
Kyle, sounds like a good deal - look forward to this play bearing fruit.
Thanks
Dave
Kay, please ensure that her expense statements are signed by me.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
01/16/2001 09:22 AM
Kay, I do not approve of the limo charge for Laura Luce's housekeeper. Laura 
needs to either write her own personal check for this or deduct the charge 
against her next expense report. It is imperative that this does not slip 
through the cracks. Since Laura no longer reports to me, Dave should handle. 
Thanks for being so diligent in looking into this.
yes
David Oxley
01/16/2001 01:21 PM
This is your balnaced and considered view!?
David W Delainey
01/16/2001 10:17 AM
no
Hey, Rob try and keep under $100K US.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
01/17/2001 06:09 PM
Dave, Pope has been working with the Stampeder organization for the last six 
months on creating a sponsorship package for our Retail business. Our first 
goal was to attempt to get the naming rights to McMahon Stadium (not unlike 
the Canadian Airlines Saddledome, Enron Field, etc.). At this point the 
naming rights are off the table. However, we have the opportunity to grab the 
naming rights to the Labour Day Classic as well as some other season-long 
involvement. Terms of the deal at this point are as follows:
1. "Enron Labor day Classsic" and 100 thirty-second radio spots promoting the 
Enron Labor day Classic + Newspaper Ads
40,000 Enron logo cheering towels to be distributed pre-game
Exclusive sponsorship on the cover of the game day program
Enron logo on the player's jerseys
2. Season long involvement 
End-Zone advertising
1 full-page color ad in the Stamp's 2001 yearbook
12 season tickets
12 red & white club memberships
Cost would be approx $100K Cdn (still be negotiated 
In terms of our overall strategy for branding, this is likely the only 
initiative that we would pursue in 2001 as we like that it has good 
penetration for the entire province of Alberta as well as national exposure. 
The Labour day game draws the biggest crowd each season, has been sold out 
eight out the past nine seasons, and is the largest single day sporting event 
in Calgary each year. Last year the "battle of Alberta" attracted over 
750,000 viewers on CBC. The timing is also very good as we will be fully 
functional by September. 
Let me know what you think.
Milnthorp
Rob, if you and Dave think this is your best branding opportunity in the 
short run as we gear up I am supportive.  I assume this will be covered in 
Canada's budget.  Send me a towel.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
01/17/2001 06:09 PM
Dave, Pope has been working with the Stampeder organization for the last six 
months on creating a sponsorship package for our Retail business. Our first 
goal was to attempt to get the naming rights to McMahon Stadium (not unlike 
the Canadian Airlines Saddledome, Enron Field, etc.). At this point the 
naming rights are off the table. However, we have the opportunity to grab the 
naming rights to the Labour Day Classic as well as some other season-long 
involvement. Terms of the deal at this point are as follows:
1. "Enron Labor day Classsic" and 100 thirty-second radio spots promoting the 
Enron Labor day Classic + Newspaper Ads
40,000 Enron logo cheering towels to be distributed pre-game
Exclusive sponsorship on the cover of the game day program
Enron logo on the player's jerseys
2. Season long involvement 
End-Zone advertising
1 full-page color ad in the Stamp's 2001 yearbook
12 season tickets
12 red & white club memberships
Cost would be approx $100K Cdn (still be negotiated 
In terms of our overall strategy for branding, this is likely the only 
initiative that we would pursue in 2001 as we like that it has good 
penetration for the entire province of Alberta as well as national exposure. 
The Labour day game draws the biggest crowd each season, has been sold out 
eight out the past nine seasons, and is the largest single day sporting event 
in Calgary each year. Last year the "battle of Alberta" attracted over 
750,000 viewers on CBC. The timing is also very good as we will be fully 
functional by September. 
Let me know what you think.
Milnthorp
Kay please send regrets - I think I am in Canada.
Delainey
My dear friends & teammates: Dave, Max, Steve, Marc, Ricardo, Jaime & Agust?n,
As we say in Spanish:      "LO PROMETIDO ES DEUDA"
You must remember that  last year I made an invitation to the Mexican team, 
to my house in Puerto Escondido, Oax.
to celebrate the financial closure of the Vitro Project, and the excellent 
results of year 2000.
The dates selected are Friday, Feb. 16 to Sunday, Feb. 18. I have reserved 
Airplane seats on Aereocaribe, leaving
Mexico City on Feb 15, 6:20 P.M., and returning Feb. 18, 8:40 P.M.
This will be an all bachelor's weekend, with Marlin fishing, water skying, 
surfing (if you can do it), etc., etc., etc.
Please reserve the dates, and let me know if you can join in.
, jaime____
Guys, I can't recall how the corporate opportunity is managed between Canada 
and the US for these customers particularily with regard to their 
transactions in Michigan et al.  Is Eastern Canada now managed by the Central 
desk from a trading and mid-market point of view since Story came down to 
Houston? How are the structured deals managed?  Is this still the right split 
for the business?
Delainey
As we continue to define goals/objectives and coverage staffing in alignment 
with the corresponding trading group, I assumed that Eastern Canada 
origination would fall within the central region.  Specifically opportunities 
with Enbridge, Consumers and Union due to mid-market/trading coverage 
previously being at the central desk.  I understand there is history to this 
division and I have no desire to start any new issues or create larger 
organizational issues.   In the gas re-organization, how did you 
strategically divide Eastern Canada?
I would appreciate your direction or decision.
Thanx,
Laura
Mark, you should be there if possible.
Delainey
From Dan Leff:
A California discussion meeting has been scheduled for Monday, January 22, 
immediately following the Executive Committee Meeting (approximately 12 
p.m Thank you.
Dan Leff
Rosalee - Can you please let me know if the Board Room is available for this 
meeting (it's late Friday afternoon and I am unable to find out this 
information).   I will call you on Monday.  Thanks for your help.
Kathy Dodgen
3-6077
Brett, can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines (ie) 
scheduled delivery, price, fuel options, heat rate, output,etc - including 
transferablility to NA.
Delainey
Milly is ok; however, I would like a quick read of the document once you send 
a hard copy up 
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
11/21/2000 08:46 AM
no, go for it.
David W Delainey
11/20/2000 06:35 PM
Rob, we are planning to file the following protest of HQ's behaviour in the 
NE power markets through their market based rates case with the FERC, do you 
have any issues with this approach?
Delainey
Dave -- Kevin has asked that we do a full-blown protest of HQ's continuation 
of market based rates due to market manipulating behavior that Tom May has 
seen.  Due 11/30.  Let us know if we should not proceed with the OASIS 
review, etc. and drafting of protest.  Thanks.
Please see attached.  H.Q. Energy has filed its market power study Interventions/protests are due on Nov. 30.
- ER97-851.1
Can we realistically net transmission costs against CTC undercollections for 
EES?  If there is a credible argument we should discuss.
Delainey
Attached is the updated exposure report for California.  There are four 
spreadsheets: 1) PG&E Corp and affilate exposure, 2) Edison International and 
affiliate exopsure, 3) CAISO and Cal PX exposure, and 4) Enron business unit 
combined CA exposure.  We are continuing to make progress on the mitigation 
of PG&E non-regulated exposures.  Please give me a call if you have any 
specific questions on the numbers.
Bill 
3-3831
Please note:
The numbers for the PX Credit have increased based on a more complete 
valuation The P/X Credit MTM exposures are not netted against EES payables of T&D (with 
netting there would be an estimated $200mm reduction in PX Credit exposure)
All MTM numbers are valued at the Mid Curves.
Enron Wind numbers are being reviewed.
Portland General, ISO and PX exposures are estimates from last week and need 
to be updated.
Per your request attached is the latest California Exposure Report.
Wendy
Dave, we need to get this moving before the coal group starts occupying the 
space.
Delainey
David W Delainey
01/19/2001 09:28 AM
Guys, I am in complete agreement on the strategy.  This has been discussed 
for some time, Dave Duran and his group have distinct goals to move this 
strategy forward in 2001.
Delainey
fyi--see attached
Since Randy knows alot about power by wire I guess I under estimated the 
costs/feasibility of my mine mouth strategy. Still seems to make sense to 
promote clean buring coal plants to reduce America's dependence on foreign 
oil or straining a maxed out natural gas system. Is this something we should 
have Tom Briggs in the Enron Washington, DC office push? 
Randal Maffett
01/16/2001 04:58 PM
B'fast Friday looks fine, it's on the calendar 
Re: the coal strategy, you're exactly right.  There is however one major 
impediment.  While locating the plant near/at the source (i.e., mine-mouth) 
will ease transport costs for coal, there aren't many major coal mines 
located in the prime market zones for power.  The transmission (wires) grid 
was not built to accomodate wholesale bulk trading/transport the way gas does 
and the impediments to expanding the grid are enormous (infinitely more so 
than building new plants).  For example, the average lead time to permit (not 
built, just permit) a high-voltage power line is 5-7 years!  As a result, a 
medium sized line (345kv, 200 miles) can cost upwards of $1-2 billion!  That 
was the most frustrating part of the 18 months I chased this stuff.  While 
the basic solutions appear to be so logical, the business (the utilities regulatory and environmental regimes are so backwardated in their thinking 
that breaking in was basically impossible.  Unless we're willing to put a 
billion $ at risk for 5-7 years on a merchant basis!  (NOT!)  Hell, you can't 
even get $100 million for your refinery deal!  Solving the power supply 
shortage is only part of the equation and your coal idea is legitimate as new 
technology can burn coal almost as clean as gas.  But until the FERC and 
state PUCs force the issue of expanding the grid to become a more "fungible" 
and integrated transmission system, the utilities will continue to operate in 
their vacuum as these transmission barriers are the only things protecting 
their turfs.  Even though some have given the appearance of forming 
RTO's/ISO's (regional transmission organizations or independent system 
operators) this is simply a facade of utilities banding together to cover 
each other's asses.  The assets are still owned by the utilities themselves 
and the RTO/ISO has no authority to mandate expansion or anything requiring 
capital investment, other than routine maintenance, etc...  That's the whole 
genesis of what I was trying to preach to FERC, various utilities who 
"appeared" to be more forward thinking about dereg, etc...  Basically, you'd 
be trading one evil (transport for fuel) for another (transport for 
electrons) and I'm afraid the latter is infinitely more complex (engineering 
wise) and costly.
See ya' Friday!
is this something Enron should revisit and not be so shortsighted? Beth 
scheduled us for breakfast on Friday morning at the Doubletree. Does that 
work for you?
Doug -Mike Beyer worked on this idea last summer.  The problem we had was our 
need to focus on shorter term opportunities - and the bodies that would be 
required to do a good job.  I know that ENA is / was looking at some 
brownfield opportunities - but I haven't heard of any developments.
Thanks,
George
George,
I'm sure I am way over simplifying this, but in light of current natural gas 
prices and the past success ENA had building six natural gas power plants 
wouldn't the same template work for building coal fired power plants in the 
US? I'm sure the choosing of potential sites and the overall permitting 
process is far more severe than the natural gas process, but it would seem 
Enron could and should be a leader in proposing new coal plants. Wouldn't it 
make sense to build a state of the art coal power plant closer to the actual 
coal supply, whereby we avoid the ever increasing transportation costs and 
then supply power by wire to surrounding states. States rich in coal reserves 
are always looking for more jobs which a new power plant would create and 
therefore may speed the permitting process along. Building the power 
transmission infrastructure across state lines may be cost prohibitive, but 
has this approach been analyzed by the coal group? 
,
Doug
Guys, I am in complete agreement on the strategy.  This has been discussed 
for some time, Dave Duran and his group have distinct goals to move this 
strategy forward in 2001.
Delainey
fyi--see attached
Since Randy knows alot about power by wire I guess I under estimated the 
costs/feasibility of my mine mouth strategy. Still seems to make sense to 
promote clean buring coal plants to reduce America's dependence on foreign 
oil or straining a maxed out natural gas system. Is this something we should 
have Tom Briggs in the Enron Washington, DC office push? 
Randal Maffett
01/16/2001 04:58 PM
B'fast Friday looks fine, it's on the calendar 
Re: the coal strategy, you're exactly right.  There is however one major 
impediment.  While locating the plant near/at the source (i.e., mine-mouth) 
will ease transport costs for coal, there aren't many major coal mines 
located in the prime market zones for power.  The transmission (wires) grid 
was not built to accomodate wholesale bulk trading/transport the way gas does 
and the impediments to expanding the grid are enormous (infinitely more so 
than building new plants).  For example, the average lead time to permit (not 
built, just permit) a high-voltage power line is 5-7 years!  As a result, a 
medium sized line (345kv, 200 miles) can cost upwards of $1-2 billion!  That 
was the most frustrating part of the 18 months I chased this stuff.  While 
the basic solutions appear to be so logical, the business (the utilities regulatory and environmental regimes are so backwardated in their thinking 
that breaking in was basically impossible.  Unless we're willing to put a 
billion $ at risk for 5-7 years on a merchant basis!  (NOT!)  Hell, you can't 
even get $100 million for your refinery deal!  Solving the power supply 
shortage is only part of the equation and your coal idea is legitimate as new 
technology can burn coal almost as clean as gas.  But until the FERC and 
state PUCs force the issue of expanding the grid to become a more "fungible" 
and integrated transmission system, the utilities will continue to operate in 
their vacuum as these transmission barriers are the only things protecting 
their turfs.  Even though some have given the appearance of forming 
RTO's/ISO's (regional transmission organizations or independent system 
operators) this is simply a facade of utilities banding together to cover 
each other's asses.  The assets are still owned by the utilities themselves 
and the RTO/ISO has no authority to mandate expansion or anything requiring 
capital investment, other than routine maintenance, etc...  That's the whole 
genesis of what I was trying to preach to FERC, various utilities who 
"appeared" to be more forward thinking about dereg, etc...  Basically, you'd 
be trading one evil (transport for fuel) for another (transport for 
electrons) and I'm afraid the latter is infinitely more complex (engineering 
wise) and costly.
See ya' Friday!
is this something Enron should revisit and not be so shortsighted? Beth 
scheduled us for breakfast on Friday morning at the Doubletree. Does that 
work for you?
Doug -Mike Beyer worked on this idea last summer.  The problem we had was our 
need to focus on shorter term opportunities - and the bodies that would be 
required to do a good job.  I know that ENA is / was looking at some 
brownfield opportunities - but I haven't heard of any developments.
Thanks,
George
George,
I'm sure I am way over simplifying this, but in light of current natural gas 
prices and the past success ENA had building six natural gas power plants 
wouldn't the same template work for building coal fired power plants in the 
US? I'm sure the choosing of potential sites and the overall permitting 
process is far more severe than the natural gas process, but it would seem 
Enron could and should be a leader in proposing new coal plants. Wouldn't it 
make sense to build a state of the art coal power plant closer to the actual 
coal supply, whereby we avoid the ever increasing transportation costs and 
then supply power by wire to surrounding states. States rich in coal reserves 
are always looking for more jobs which a new power plant would create and 
therefore may speed the permitting process along. Building the power 
transmission infrastructure across state lines may be cost prohibitive, but 
has this approach been analyzed by the coal group? 
,
Doug
Scud incoming fyi- wasn't there a discussion on this at prc? rick
We actually forced Craig Breslau and Fred Lagrasta to unwind an unapproved 
one year trade with their subsidiary Savannah Foods in April 2000.  In 
hindsight, it appears to be quite a good call.
Bill
Jason R Williams@
01/17/2001 07:51 AM
FYI, Imperial Holly Corporation filed for Chapter 11 protection yesterday Counterparties affected would be:
Imperial Holly Corporation
Holly Sugar Corporation
At the present, we have no trades with either of these counterparties.
Jay
Mike, as a policy offsites and retreats, especially more exotic and 
expensive, are being discouraged.  I would prefer the Galveston offsite and I 
don't see a need for more than one per year.  Please manage through PR Dorie Hitchcock - she will  require an agenda as part of the approval 
process.  I would encourage some significant work discussion to be part of 
the offsite 
If you have some concerns lets discuss 
Delainey
Michael L Miller@
01/18/2001 08:32 AM
Dave,
As part of my ongoing effort to maintain a high level of morale within the 
group, I would like to undertake a couple of outings during the first half of 
the year.  Given the fact that I now report to you directly and these outings 
will involve spending some money, I don't want to commit to anything before 
reaching agreement with you on the following:
Weekend offsite in Galveston (at Hotel Galvez) in April.  Group dinner on 
Friday, Golf at Galveston Country Club on Saturday morning, meetings and 
beach time during afternoon/evening on Saturday, group deep sea fishing 
outing on Sunday.  Given that the capacity of the boat exceeds the number of 
people in my group, I intend to invite one or more other groups from ENA as a 
way of fostering better communications.  Total cost of the entire weekend 
should not exceed $15,000.00.
Team building exercise on Mt. Hood (Oregon) in July.  Despite my present 
residence in Houston, I previously lived for many years in Europe, including 
4+ years in Switzerland.  During this time, I became an avid mountain 
climber.  I would like to take as many member of my group as are willing to 
climb Mt. Hood (which I have climbed several times - not a huge challenge Given Mt. Hood's proximity to Portland, I would of course combine this with 
half a day spent with Chris Calger and his group (and may even invite them to 
accompany us).  Total cost would be around $450 per person plus 
transportation. 
I would like to go ahead and finalize arrangements for the above unless you 
have strenuous objections.  Please let me know.
MLM
Jean, the $6M was a negotiated settlement between me and Marty Rosenberg of 
several old disputes as we moved forward in the restructuring of the 
Independence plant earlier in the year - Ruth added little other than 
administrative support 
Delainey
George Huan@EES
01/08/2001 03:08 PM
Dear Mr Delainey:
We met in the Associate Orientation last summer when you asked me if I would 
like to join ENA for my first rotation. But since our first rotation was
assigned instead of chosen by ourselves, I was in no position to accept your 
kindly invitation. Now that I am two months away from finishing my
first rotation, I remembered our conversation during the Orientation and was 
more than eager to send you this  email hoping that your invitation is
still open.
I would love to join ENA (EA).  I believe by doing so, I will be given the 
opportunity to work with the smartest people in this industry.
I also believe I am prepared to join the trading unit in ENA.  I have five 
years' experience in Metals trading - both physical and financial. At
business school at UT Austin, I chose Energy Finance as my concentration and 
enjoyed tremendously these courses:
Risk management: Swap, Options, Delta and Vega hedge Financial Strategy for Energy Companies: Financial decisions on investment 
and long-term hedge Financial Engineering: Case studies on financial products invented by 
Investment banks
Real Option Valuation: Decision making process considering the optionality in 
the future
Energy Law: Regulation and Environment issues in Energy Industry.
All this above and my passion for this industry and Enron  give me confidence 
to explore the opportunity to work in ENA. Only if you could
give me five minutes of your precious time to allow me to prove my 
qualifications, I will greatly appreciate it.
Have another  great year!
George Huan
Associate
Commodity Risk Management, EES
5-3698
George, it was good to hear from you - please follow up with David Oxley to 
determine possible roles within ENA.
Delainey
Guys, given all the change and our 2000 success, I would argue that we should 
have a meeting; however, the challenge is getting people to show up - any 
thoughts on this Eric/Dorie?
Delainey
Eric Thode@
01/10/2001 01:50 PM
Dave and John 
In the past, ENA has held an all-employee business meeting over at the Hyatt 
in April or May.  Do you plan to hold such a meeting?  If so, we need to get 
started on planning the event.  Dorie Hitchcock has typically handled the 
arrangements.  Please advise.
Eric
Guys, in coordination with your trading partners, can you start putting 
together your offsite presentations.  Each group will have approximately one 
hour to one hour and half.  A suggested format would include (for East Power, 
East Gas, West Power, Canada (power and gas), Central Gas and West Gas):
a) market overview - including supply/demand, structural changes, etc;
b) strategy and opportunities in 2001(include five new trading/origination 
opportunities for 2001);
c) expected 2001 new products/structures, coverage and deal flow;
d) what worked in 2000 what didn't;
and e) organization and resources - people, assets, constraints, etc.
In a nutshell, we want you to share with the group how your market works, 
where the opportunties lie and how are you positioning yourself to take 
advantage of those opportunties in order to reach your financial and other 
goals in 2001 
Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock will coordinate and do a lot of the heavy 
lifting; however, they need your first cut by December 8th.
Thanks
Delainey
Brian, good memo - I think you mean't Energy Capital Resources not Enron 
Capital Resources in your memo.  I would distribute widely in the management 
ranks.
Delainey
Brian Redmond
01/12/2001 10:14 AM
Dave:
I would like to send the attached memo to the heads of the orig groups 
describing the working relationship with Tech Services.  I would also like to 
follow this up with quarterly meetings with each of the groups to review 
resources, deal status, technical risk mitigation.  The meetings are not 
intended to be a technical audit, but to provide a vehicle to coordinate 
priorities and spot potential issues before they become problems.
Comments?
Brian
get rid of this please
ARSystem  This request has been pending your approval for  6 days.  Please click 
to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000010104
Request Create Date : 12/12/00 3:45:40 PM
Requested For       : casey.evans@
Resource Name       : VPN
Resource Type       : Applications
Dave Delainey has asked me to arrange an offsite for January 16 & 17, at the 
St Regis Hotel, 1919 Briar Oaks Lane, Houston, Texas  77027.
If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me (Kay 3-0643, otherwise, please mark your calendar and plan to attend:
Date:  Tuesday   January 16, 2001
Wednesday  January 17, 2001
Time:  10:00 am until  5:00 pm
(Tuesday and Wednesday)
Location: The St. Regis Hotel
1919 Briar Oaks Lane
Houston, Texas  77027
Phone:  713-840-7600
Fax:       713-840-7617
Thanks,
Kay
--  PLEASE DISREGARD IF YOU RECEIVED AN E-MAIL FROM ME ON 1-9-01 (I was 
having trouble with the network in Houston)
Dave,
The attached spreadsheet outlines my recommendations on proposed changes to 
the bonus distribution.
In regard to my expectations, I am expecting a significant increase from last 
years bonus for the following reason.
It was my strategic decision to:
pursue the asset development business in conjunction with other business 
lines (made and received approval to hire the necessary people and execute 
the strategy from Kevin Hannon).
close both Wind and Powder projects simultaneously versus only focus on the 
Powder River Project (know one thought that both could get done in a 7 week 
time frame. At the risk of not being able to get either closed, I went out on 
the limb and sent Whitt to negotiate and close Wind River ($72 MM) while I 
negotiated and closed Powder River ($75 MM).
it was my idea to create Enron Midstream Services and develop a gathering 
business in the Powder. That decision enable us to hedge our firm transport 
decision on Fort Union and enabled us to receive $54 million for the sale of 
the business
I made the  call and initiated the joint bid between Northern Border and ENA 
to acquire a combined 49% interest in Bighorn Gas Gathering.  We sold our 
interest to NBP for $22 MM
I initiated the discussions, structured the transaction, negotiated the value 
and closed Project 20/20 with NBP.  There was a point in the negotiations 
where it was known that I was going with NBP and therefore had to take a 
neutral position.  However, by that time, the value had been established and 
many contentious issues regarding valuation had been agreed upon
it was my call to preserve value in the transaction and have myself and a 
team of 12 others go over to NBP versus have them deduct the cost associated 
with a Management Services Agreement from the purchase price.  This saved ENA 
over $20 MM in value.  Needless to say, we are now having to deal with 
managing a highly aggressive budget and adjust to a very different management 
style and compensation plan. I feel personally that ENA was the primary 
beneficiary of the higher valuation.  As you can appreciate, I have a 
personal issue with this and would like this to be considered for bonus 
determination.
In general, I think Project 20/20 was just part of my contribution to ENA 
during my tenure in Denver.  In total, this office has generated in excess of 
$150 million in earnings with no remaining risk potential.  I have been 
fortunate to have hired a solid team that approached many of the projects we 
worked on in a team manner.  I think that approach has been successful and I 
am hopeful that major contributors on the team will be compensated 
appropriately.
I appreciate your consideration Dave!  Please let me know if you have any 
questions or thoughts regarding this e-mail.
Brian
Would this guy be a candidate for the LTP?
Delainey
George Huan@EES
01/08/2001 03:08 PM
Dear Mr Delainey:
We met in the Associate Orientation last summer when you asked me if I would 
like to join ENA for my first rotation. But since our first rotation was
assigned instead of chosen by ourselves, I was in no position to accept your 
kindly invitation. Now that I am two months away from finishing my
first rotation, I remembered our conversation during the Orientation and was 
more than eager to send you this  email hoping that your invitation is
still open.
I would love to join ENA (EA).  I believe by doing so, I will be given the 
opportunity to work with the smartest people in this industry.
I also believe I am prepared to join the trading unit in ENA.  I have five 
years' experience in Metals trading - both physical and financial. At
business school at UT Austin, I chose Energy Finance as my concentration and 
enjoyed tremendously these courses:
Risk management: Swap, Options, Delta and Vega hedge Financial Strategy for Energy Companies: Financial decisions on investment 
and long-term hedge Financial Engineering: Case studies on financial products invented by 
Investment banks
Real Option Valuation: Decision making process considering the optionality in 
the future
Energy Law: Regulation and Environment issues in Energy Industry.
All this above and my passion for this industry and Enron  give me confidence 
to explore the opportunity to work in ENA. Only if you could
give me five minutes of your precious time to allow me to prove my 
qualifications, I will greatly appreciate it.
Have another  great year!
George Huan
Associate
Commodity Risk Management, EES
5-3698
What is this?
Delainey
ARSystem  This request has been pending your approval for  4 days.  Please click 
to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000010104
Request Create Date : 12/12/00 3:45:40 PM
Requested For       : casey.evans@
Resource Name       : VPN
Resource Type       : Applications
Jim, I can assure you that neither John or myself are trying to attract blame 
or "cover our backsides";  however, I do believe that there is/was a genuine 
breakdown in communication somewhere in the deal team, accounting and the 
desk.  As well, it appears that this is not completely a black and white 
issue and can legitimately attract a number of points of view.  As executives 
of this company, you, Brian, Tim and Tom absolutely were responsible to 
ensure that all aspects of this transaction are managed correctly Nevertheless, I think it is amazing we have not had more problems with this 
divestment given the size, complexity, time and how intertwined it is into 
the overall framework of ENA.
I appreciate your candor and the unselfish maturity to bring to the trading 
floor.
I look forward to working with you as we continue to build our Texas and gas 
business.
Delainey
Jim Schwieger
01/10/2001 04:56 PM
I'm very disappointed and angry with comments that have been made since the 
HPL Asset Disposition Team realized the impact of what has been communicated 
to them over the last six weeks regarding the level of Bammel cushion gas 
that would be available on March 31, 2001.  The following is designed to set 
the record straight in the spirit of "Facts Are Friendly 
First of all, it has been communicated multiple times over the last six eight weeks to Patrick Wade and Brian Redmond and brought to the attention of 
Wes Colwell,  Dave Delainey and John Lavorato in the meeting held before year 
end to discuss the unwind cost.  All parties indicated that it was not a 
problem and that everyone was aware of the situation.  Now Im hearing just 
the opposite and in fact insinuations that the Storage Book screwed up by 1) originally booking injection and withdrawal assumptions down to 60 BCF 2) reversing the April, 2007 5.5 BCF injection assumption on December 31, 
2000. 
1)  The decision to record injection / withdrawal assumption down to 60 BCF 
was made in 1992 by Kevin Hannon and Steve Smaby.  This was based on
the fact that we had been down to 60 BCF physically in the several 
years proceeding 1992.  Since 1992 we have been down top 60 BCF twice, 
the          latest  being March, 1996.  Throughout this entire period the 
Accounting Dept was well aware of the Bammel assumptions and the 
physical           capabilities of the facility  2)  The reversing of the Bammel assumptions has nothing to do with 
anything.  When we communicated the unwind cost of $203 million it included 
the         reversal of all assumptions including the April, 2007 injection This was appropriate since we would be down to the 60 BCF physical minimum In         addition we were told to make sure there was no Working Gas left 
in the ground.  If the reversal of the assumption was the problem then it 
could be         reversed, but then the unwind cost would go up.
It has also been suggested to me that I should have continued to follow up 
irregardless of the number of times I communicated the issue.  If I was 
dealing with lower level employee's I would agree, but given the level 
involved I feel this suggestion is totally out of line 
From my perspective the only way I had a chance of catching this issue was if 
I had reveiwed all documents including the one specificly addressing the 
cushion gas of 65.5 BCF.   I beleive everyone on this memo was communicated 
to and was aware of the situation.  Perhaps they were involved with other 
issues related to the sell?  I am disappointed in the way everyone is scuring 
around to cover their backside. 
Brian, please give me your thoughts via e -mail asap. I believe this will be 
the most effective tool.  Please give me your expectations as well.
Delainey
Hi Dave,
I would like to have the opportunity to speak with you regarding the roles 
that certain individuals played in closing the Project 20/20 transaction and 
provide you with input on how to rationalize bonus amounts relative to 
everyone's performance rankings and contributions to 20/20.  I am open to 
your suggestion as to when and how best to convey my thoughts on this issue.
Hope you had a good holiday and look forward to talking with you soon.
Brian  
Go go go 
Show us how the retail/wholesale business should work together.
Great job!
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
01/05/2001 05:16 PM
fyi...1st deal of many. 
Rob
David Pope
01/05/2001 04:01 PM
Harold;
We have today closed our first retail transaction that is a five year 
exclusive gas supply arrangement with Boardwalk Equities, the largest 
apartment building owner in Alberta.  We will be serving 20,000 apartment 
suites with an annual consumption of 1.5 bcf.  The 5 year margin will be 
approximately $1.5 million.  As a result of our direct instructions, 
Boardwalk lobbied the government to provide them with $2.8 million dollars in 
rebates over the next 4 months to shield them from the higher gas prices These rebates will be paid through Enron Direct as the retailer for Boardwalk.
The gas begins flow on March 1.  We are working on other large building 
owners and restaurant chains and expect to close 2 or 3 more deals for flow 
of March 1. Cadillac Fairview is committed to working with us on a gas 
contract within the next 2 weeks.   We now have a strong platform to grow 
quickly, from a standing start one month ago.
Although the government effectively delayed the opening of the retail power 
market for one year through a price cap, we have been able to grasp a first 
mover advantage on retailing natural gas in Alberta.  We expect to have a 
strong retail delivery organization built by mid year, with 35 staff managing 
a significant number of commercial customers.
The current pricing environment creates a large opportunity to sell 5 year 
fixed price product with significant margins.  Atco, the gas utility is 
getting bad press for not offering hedging instruments, and are cooperating 
with us to assist us in getting established as a retailer 
This has been a very large effort in the last month, as we needed to get 
licensed, and get legal agreements in place where there were no precedents to 
look at.  We are excited at the prospects for a substantial business 
developing very quickly here in Alberta.  The Enron Canada analytical, risk 
management, regulatory and legal staff have provided great assistance to 
allow us to execute this transaction in a short period.
.
Dave
Christy, can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is 
a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from 
Braeswell.  Can you please send a hard copy.
Delainey
Dave -- Kevin has asked that we do a full-blown protest of HQ's continuation 
of market based rates due to market manipulating behavior that Tom May has 
seen.  Due 11/30.  Let us know if we should not proceed with the OASIS 
review, etc. and drafting of protest.  Thanks.
Please see attached.  H.Q. Energy has filed its market power study Interventions/protests are due on Nov. 30.
- ER97-851.1
Marty, looks like this nut may have some fruit. I look forward to continuing 
our discussions from 2000 on how we can be better together - I am committed 
to doing this the right way as I know you are.
Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
01/05/2001 05:16 PM
fyi...1st deal of many. 
Rob
David Pope
01/05/2001 04:01 PM
Harold;
We have today closed our first retail transaction that is a five year 
exclusive gas supply arrangement with Boardwalk Equities, the largest 
apartment building owner in Alberta.  We will be serving 20,000 apartment 
suites with an annual consumption of 1.5 bcf.  The 5 year margin will be 
approximately $1.5 million.  As a result of our direct instructions, 
Boardwalk lobbied the government to provide them with $2.8 million dollars in 
rebates over the next 4 months to shield them from the higher gas prices These rebates will be paid through Enron Direct as the retailer for Boardwalk.
The gas begins flow on March 1.  We are working on other large building 
owners and restaurant chains and expect to close 2 or 3 more deals for flow 
of March 1. Cadillac Fairview is committed to working with us on a gas 
contract within the next 2 weeks.   We now have a strong platform to grow 
quickly, from a standing start one month ago.
Although the government effectively delayed the opening of the retail power 
market for one year through a price cap, we have been able to grasp a first 
mover advantage on retailing natural gas in Alberta.  We expect to have a 
strong retail delivery organization built by mid year, with 35 staff managing 
a significant number of commercial customers.
The current pricing environment creates a large opportunity to sell 5 year 
fixed price product with significant margins.  Atco, the gas utility is 
getting bad press for not offering hedging instruments, and are cooperating 
with us to assist us in getting established as a retailer 
This has been a very large effort in the last month, as we needed to get 
licensed, and get legal agreements in place where there were no precedents to 
look at.  We are excited at the prospects for a substantial business 
developing very quickly here in Alberta.  The Enron Canada analytical, risk 
management, regulatory and legal staff have provided great assistance to 
allow us to execute this transaction in a short period.
.
Dave
Rob, what is your view?
Delainey
Dave:
Just prior to the Holidays, I wrote an e-mail to Paul Devries (I copied you) 
that outlined how my experience could help the Toronto office expand 
business. As I indicated in my e-mail, my career interest, and my view of the 
needs of the Toronto office, is for a role that would look more like cash 
trading/services transaction management rather than pure coverage.  Paul and 
I agree that there is not enough happening in the cash trading/services area 
right now to warrant my move to Toronto.  We are hopeful that at some point 
within the next year, this will not be the case and Garrett Tripp will find 
himself too busy to effectively manage what needs to be done.  This probably 
will occur soon after market opening, rather than before.  At that time, I 
could be ready to go quickly.  If market conditions change so that my skills 
are not a real good fit, than we would not make the move.  I am confident I 
can stay abreast of Ontario market issues from Portland to limit any learning 
curve once a move happens.
I think Paul is comfortable with this plan.  He was going to run it by Rob Please let me know if you are OK with this plan as well.
Thanks again for the consideration.
Chris
Randy, give them what they want and lets move on - don't give another 
guarantee provide the indemnity for the IRS and environmental claims.  Mark 
if there is a flaw in my thinking let me know.
Joe, these guys have been exceedingly difficult to deal with - I would think 
twice before we bring these guys into any Enron deal in the future.
Delainey
Randal Maffett
01/04/2001 01:13 PM
Last week during the holidays, we made a lot of progress w/ Fidelity 
regarding their "take-out" from the Partnership at Dallas.  We exchanged 2 
drafts of a Letter Agreement which says ENA (or an affiliate) will buy their 
99% LP interest in Landfill Gas Investments, LP (LGI) on or before Jan 31, 
2001.  Included in our draft was a provision whereby the ENE Guaranty would 
be extinguished.  However, late yesterday Fidelity came back and said they're 
not willing to extinguish the Guaranty completely.  The way the deal w/ 
Fidelity will be structured, ENA will pay them the delta between the $5.2MM 
initial payment they made less the accrued tax credits on the date we close 
(est to be $300K+/-).  Fidelity wants 2 things:
protection in the event the IRS disallows/disqualifies the tax credits 
accrued (i.e., the $300K), and
protection against any environmental claims that may have occurred while they 
were a partner in LGI (June, 200 thru Jan, 2001).
There are 2 basic alternatives to consider:
replace the existing guaranty to LGI with a new guaranty to Fidelity with a 
specific cap on the tax credit amount ($300K+/-) and with the same 
environmental coverage (up to $5MM) as currently exists but restricting it to 
issues which occurred while they were a partner.  The probability of either 
ever being triggered is extremely remote.  Replacing the benefactor from LGI 
to Fidelity is significant for us because it eliminates future environmental 
exposure related to LGI as well as prevents potential future buyers of our LP 
interest from seeing that ENE once was willing to issue such a guaranty.
replace the existing guaranty with an indemnity from ENA which provides 
Fidelity with the same protection as alternative #1.  Per ENA accounting 
since the amount of exposure is limited to $5.3MM in aggregate, this would 
not be significant/material enough to be separately identified as a balance 
sheet item.
The problem we have is Fidelity has a Guaranty "in hand" and unless you give 
me approval to go back and structure our deal around them, we don't have any 
leverage to get them to release it.  They are willing to work with us on 
either of the 2 alternatives listed above.  This is the only remaining 
commercial issue left w/ Fidelity.
Please advise or call to discuss further.  Ext. 33212.  Thanks!
RANDY
Mike, send to John Sherriff in Europe.
Delainey
None - except for Enron comp (options et al).
Janet, don't trip me up until after January 15.
Janet R Dietrich
01/03/2001 08:57 AM
Hey Dave. We are focused on selling our interests in the Calvert City, Ky. 
site now that we've successfully transferred the AES sale from Calvert City 
to Haywood. We have two counterparties that have shown a high degree of 
interest in Calvert City: Duke and Cleco. There are no issues surrounding 
Cleco but there may be with Duke from the following standpoint: our Calvert 
City site is ahead of Duke's Calvert City site in the interconnect que. 
Apparently, TVA erroneously did not factor in our interconnect application 
into their facilities study for Duke, and gave Duke an indication that there 
should not be material transmission upgrade costs for their plant 
interconnect. As both TVA and Duke now realize, our interconnect status does 
present a problem for Duke (and therefore TVA). We plan to talk with Duke in 
parallel with Cleco and I anticipate Duke then confronting TVA with the 
situation. 
I want to ensure our discussions with TVA and Duke over the next few weeks 
don't jeopardize our settlement with TVA. Will this settlement be closed by 
mid-January (thought that's what I heard)? Let me know your thoughts. Thanks.
Mark, do we really want a story on SA at this point? Seems we have better 
things to talk about at this point in time.
Delainey
Joe Kishkill@
01/03/2001 10:43 AM
Dave,
FYI on the content of this proposed interview.
My suggestion to PR was to have you and/or John L. be the primary 
interviewees, with me sitting by your side to add local commentary (if 
needed).  I was trying to take the story in the following direction:  Enron 
is now applying its successful NA business model to South America...these are 
the things we will be doing now...these are the things we will be doing in 
the future...discuss logic of the split of assets versus commercial business 
units...this is a natural step in the evolution of the South AMerican market 
and in the evolution of Enron...etc.
I have not called you since I figure you are crushed under the post holiday 
"pile".  I will be in Houston Thursday (one day ahead of PRC) in the EB on 
floor 49.
We are surviving down here and moving forward.  I need to pick your brain 
about an agenda for your visit next week when convenient for you (earlier is 
obviously better for us)
Thanks,
Kish 
Kish:  I relayed your "protocol" question to John Ambler, VP for Intl PR, as 
he set up the interview with Rebecca.  I'm waiting to hear from him on your 
suggestion.  Meanwhile, attached is a description of the scope of the 
article--which the reporter just told me might be changing somewhat.  I'll 
keep you posted.   , Keith
Jena:  I look forward to receiving more details on the storyline that you
will be developing.  Meanwhile, I work on identifying who you should
interview in Enron to provide you with the information you are seeking.
, Keith
Hi Keith,
Here's some thoughts we have on the story. Of course, like Enron, we're
willing to be flexible, depending on what we find out.
Since it began in 1985, Enron has always been in the vanguard of U.S.
companies getting into new markets overseas, from India, where the company
made the largest single private investment in the country's history, to
Japan where the company recently announced it will build its first power
plant. How has the company overcome political obstacles and cultural
differences to establish itself internationally?
This will focus more on South America than the rest of the world. I'll
look
at the transition from working on pipeline projects in South America to the
more service-oriented business in Argentina. Also, what about workers - do
you hire local management and oversee the operations from Houston? IF so,
why? I'll also look at the pipeline and the creation of this natural gas
market in South America. How did the project ultimately turn out for
residents & customers there? What does Enron see in its future in South
America.
I know this is pretty vague, but I expect to do more research in the coming
weeks and have it more ironed out.
jena
(713)220-7208
(Embedded
image moved
Jena:  As discussed, attached the fact sheets that I promised.  Keith
(See attached file: FactSheet-CEG.doc)(See attached file:
FactSheet-Cuiaba.doc)(See attached file: FactSheet-ELEKTRO.doc)(See
attached file: FactSheet-Gaspart.doc)(See attached file: FactSheet-TGS.doc)
(See attached file: FactSheet-Transredes.doc)
Mike, are we closed out on this job with NEPCO as well.
Delainey
Attached is Doyle's cost summary with actuals thru 12/28/00.  Please call me 
if you have any questions.
thanks,
theresa
x58173
Chris, work with Dorie Hitchcock and get an estimate/approval memo put 
together.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
01/03/2001 01:17 PM
Dave,
I know I should be generating money instead of spending it, but I would like 
your approval to spend $20K on four packages for this year's SuperBowl.  In 
lieu of a mass-market customer event, I would like to target certain decision 
makers that are involved in large transactions.  With that in mind, we would 
like to invite individuals from Black Hills (buyer of PSCo project), and 
either Avista or McCook Metals (buyer of Longview project).   Two Enron 
people (Parquet, Jake or I) would go with two executives.  In the past, West 
Power has signed up for 8+ packages - I have appropriately scaled it back, 
but I do think this type of selective client entertainment has value.
,
Chris
I have certainly missed your one liners - I will give you a call first thing 
tommorrow.
Delainey
Rob, we are planning to file the following protest of HQ's behaviour in the 
NE power markets through their market based rates case with the FERC, do you 
have any issues with this approach?
Delainey
Dave -- Kevin has asked that we do a full-blown protest of HQ's continuation 
of market based rates due to market manipulating behavior that Tom May has 
seen.  Due 11/30.  Let us know if we should not proceed with the OASIS 
review, etc. and drafting of protest.  Thanks.
Please see attached.  H.Q. Energy has filed its market power study Interventions/protests are due on Nov. 30.
- ER97-851.1
Jeff, go ahead and have the meeting - I think I know what it is about.  Let 
me know what you guys want to do.
Delainey
Sent by: Kay Chapman
Dear Dave:
I received a memo this morning from Jeff Donahue wanting to set up a meeting 
with you, Ray Bowen, Wes Colwell, Dick Lydecker, Andrea Reed and himself this 
week regarding Hanover Compressor.  I contacted his assistant and told her 
that you would not be in this week.  She will let Jeff know and get back to 
me.  I haven't heard anything more on that yet.  Please let me know if you 
would like to try to call in or if you want to wait until you get back.
Hope you are enjoying your holiday
Bev
Wes, I noticed that Laura Scott is not on the list for non-commercial VP 
candidate but Georgiana and Sherman were - did you change your mind?
I think you have until the 4th to put up your candidates.
Delainey
yes - we should arrange to get together on Sunday to discuss bonus, comp, 
promotions and rankings before the PRC on Monday.  I am back Saturday night. 
I hope this works let me know a time.
Delainey
Wes, that is fine - flush it.
Delainey
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
01/02/2001 05:38 PM
Dave,
Can you please confirm to Wes that you agreed to add $1.2MM to the transfer 
price for the two GE 7EA turbines to compensate EECC for the cancellation 
cost we took on the Westinghouse unit?  Thanks.
LI10001
Guys, in addition please incorporate in each teams package - their Direct 
Expense/Headcount ratio to plan average, Productivity ratio to plan average 
and team ROCE to plan average and any variances from 2000 to 2001 for 
income/expenses taking into account our most latest 2000 forecasts by group.
Wes, I assume that you will be putting together a final 2000 i/s package for 
me in the next couple of days.
Thanks
Delainey
David W Delainey
01/02/2001 02:15 AM
Guys, attached you will find a completed 2001 Pro Forma budget needing Lavo's 
review and then detailed review with each team.
This workbook has a number of worksheets including:
a) pkrs o&m - this details the o&m costs for the sold peakers assuming we 
own throught Q2 - charged to the OOC;
b) driftPrepay - shows the detail as provided netting drift and pre-pay 
expenses - not all that relevant if you assume that increasing drift will be 
offset by larger monetizations;
c) Summary - overall completed income statement - note that non-external 
capital charges are added back to reach EBIT;
d) commercial income - guts of the commercial budget;
e) group expenses - shows the detail on ENA net groups expenses, EIS/ENW/IT 
non-allocable, corporate charges not allocated to specific commercial groups 
and bonus/other comp;
f) HP&L - takes a cut at HP&L income statement and balance sheet in 2001 
assuming a sale by the end of Q2 - this needs some sit down work with Redmond;
g) Balance Sheet Allocations - this defines by group the capital employed, 
assets to be sold and new capital expenditures expected in 2001 - then 
calculates a net capital and depreciation charge;
h) Balance Sheet - this defines the existing balance sheet with no 
anticipated sales or increases by vehicle (ie) Enserco, JEDI, etc - merchant 
investments are charged @ a blended rate of 15% and strategic investments are 
charged @ a blended rate of 9%.
Two action items:
a) Print out for John - Commercial Income  & Summary worksheets for his 
comment and review &
b) Start putting completed commercial packages together for 
distribution/further comment by the business units in the next couple of 
weeks - include detailed income statement, headcount, balance sheet 
(including expected increases,decreases, capital charge and depreciation leave pages open for goals & objectives and target customer list.  I would 
like to review format and detail for each group before distribution.
Delainey
Guys, attached you will find a completed 2001 Pro Forma budget needing Lavo's 
review and then detailed review with each team.
This workbook has a number of worksheets including:
a) pkrs o&m - this details the o&m costs for the sold peakers assuming we 
own throught Q2 - charged to the OOC;
b) driftPrepay - shows the detail as provided netting drift and pre-pay 
expenses - not all that relevant if you assume that increasing drift will be 
offset by larger monetizations;
c) Summary - overall completed income statement - note that non-external 
capital charges are added back to reach EBIT;
d) commercial income - guts of the commercial budget;
e) group expenses - shows the detail on ENA net groups expenses, EIS/ENW/IT 
non-allocable, corporate charges not allocated to specific commercial groups 
and bonus/other comp;
f) HP&L - takes a cut at HP&L income statement and balance sheet in 2001 
assuming a sale by the end of Q2 - this needs some sit down work with Redmond;
g) Balance Sheet Allocations - this defines by group the capital employed, 
assets to be sold and new capital expenditures expected in 2001 - then 
calculates a net capital and depreciation charge;
h) Balance Sheet - this defines the existing balance sheet with no 
anticipated sales or increases by vehicle (ie) Enserco, JEDI, etc - merchant 
investments are charged @ a blended rate of 15% and strategic investments are 
charged @ a blended rate of 9%.
Two action items:
a) Print out for John - Commercial Income  & Summary worksheets for his 
comment and review &
b) Start putting completed commercial packages together for 
distribution/further comment by the business units in the next couple of 
weeks - include detailed income statement, headcount, balance sheet 
(including expected increases,decreases, capital charge and depreciation leave pages open for goals & objectives and target customer list.  I would 
like to review format and detail for each group before distribution.
Delainey
Janet, between you, Laura and Frank/Gil you should  be able to field a one 
Enron team on this one.  I am at your disposal otherwise.
Laura/Frank - this is an important one for the team - please work together 
constructively.  Gil should continue in his current role as main relationship 
manager unless you guys change your mind.
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
12/29/2000 01:36 PM
Quick update on Keyspan:  Gil Muhl flew to New York yesterday to spend the 
afternoon with Chuck Devario. It sounds like their meeting went very well as 
they spent a few hours discussing Keyspan's situation in the Northeast market 
and how an Enron/Keyspan "JV" would work. They actually outlined a lot of 
ideas on the white board and it basically sounds like Chuck is very 
interested in pursuing this JV that would focus on optimizing Keyspan's gas, 
power, and fuel oil portfolios. Chuck is now planning to come to Houston in 
mid-January to sit down with us and further these discussions. If the Houston 
visit goes well we will then plan to take him to Chicago to show him 
first-hand the Enron/People's JV (trading floor, office set-up, discussion of 
general contractual arrangements between the reg. utility and unreg. 
affiliate, etc.). Chuck knows Tom Patrick and it would be a great way to show 
him how well our Chicago JV has worked for both People's and Enron. Obviously 
this visit and meeting will need to be tightly finessed but I'm confident 
that with Laura Luce/Bill Morrow and Gil, Chuck, and myself, it will work.
We may want to consider getting out with Keyspan and People's together in a 
more social setting sometime in March (maybe the Master's would work). I 
think Keyspan has the ability to get out of the Coral relationship early if 
they really wanted to (it currently goes through April, 2002) although I 
think it will probably take the better part of next year to formulate the 
entire structure around this JV. I think the potential is to have a 
commercial structure in place and effective going into next winter or 
coinciding with the termination of the Keyspan/Coral relationship in April 
2002.
Okay, now the players needed to make this happen....Gil needs to be 
intimately involved. His knowledge of that market and company and his 
relationship with Devario, Anderson, Fazio, the operational folks, etc. is 
extremely good. If you decide that you do not want to have Gil involved in 
this (not a good decision) you need to move him out of his current role. 
Given the fact that we are using the People's JV as a showcase, Laura Luce 
can be very closely connected to Gil and Keyspan in a very natural and 
genuine way. Gil will need to lean on Laura's expertise in how she set up the 
Chicago JV throughout the process. I plan to insert Michael Brown into the 
deal team to focus on the power and fuel oil components. Michael has 
excellent relationships with all the folks at Keyspan and his knowledge of 
Keyspan's power portfolio and that power market will be critical. Ed 
McMichael will lead all the structuring effort (gas and maybe power too), and 
we'll need Bob Superty from the  operational side. 
Although it is still unclear as to whether Keyspan will decide to request 
proposals from several players, it is clear that with our overall 
capabilities and genuine desire to be flexible on the commercial structure in 
what we put together with them, Chuck Devario is very interested in pursuing 
more detailed discussions in the very near future.
I'd like you to be available to spend some time with Chuck and I when he 
comes to Houston in January ( maybe  a late morning meeting and lunch) and 
I'll coordinate with Kay on that.
Let me know if you want to talk about this ahead of time. I'll be here all 
next week. 
Guys, great job on this one 
2001 - should be a big year for Mexico:
a) equity sell down of the Monterrey project;
b) close and further sell down of the Tex Mex project; and
c) 20% growth on risk mgt volumes and income from 2000 levels.
Thanks for the great work.
Delainey
Max Yzaguirre@
12/30/2000 03:04 PM
Dave:
Attached FYI is the official word from the Lenders' counsel regarding our 
financial closing.
Have a great New Year.
- Max
"Edwards, Robert"  	12/29/2000 04:42 PM
Enron has provided confirmation of the payments made to the Onshore and
Offshore Construction Contractors.  Signature pages in respect of the
documents to be executed for this Closing have been exchanged and released.
I am pleased to report that the Monterrey Project has achieved a successful
Closing on December 29, 2000.
Happy New Year 
Rob Edwards
Chris, thanks for the update - ensure that Azurix is eliminated from the 
project which can help financially support the Calpine water discount.  Do 
not hesitate to contact Amanda Martin or Garrisson directly on this one if 
needed.
What is the status of LV?
Delainey
jdietri@ on 11/20/2000 02:23:20 PM
DIETRICH,JANET R  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on DIETRICH,JANET R  until you have 
approved the list.
Janet, I believe a current board member is likely to be picked - last I heard 
the mayor of Tupelo.  Craven will be in office until May.
Delainey
Brett, for US applications dual fuel may be important for Florida - maybe 
less in California.  Do we need it for Rio Gen or Cuiba?  Can you follow up 
with Chris Calger and Janet Dietrich to get their views.
Thanks
Delainey
Lisa, I currently work in ENA as CEO and President - mostly nat gas and 
electricity.
Delainey
Rebecca, sorry for the delay - I think that Chris Calger who runs our Western 
development efforts would be very interested.  Chris please give Rebecca a 
call.
Delainey
Eric, as per our discussion, I would suggest that we have no quotes or 
comments in the press release.  As a sale of assets, which we do actively, in 
a our network strategy there is really nothing positive that can be said 
without reflecting poorly on the buyer.  I would suggest that we approve an 
AEP press release as we did with Allegheny.  If we have not already, I would 
not send the attached press release to AEP without cutting out the quote.
Delainey
Dave will be out of the office December 23, 2000 until Monday, January 8, 
2001.  He will be checking his voicemail and will have his cell phone.
The following are the numbers where he can be reached:
December 24  thru December 26 - Saskatoon, SK   (306) 374-9587 or Cell 
Phone   (713) 907-6315
December 27 thru January 7 - Fairmont, B.C.  (250) 345-4569 or Cell Phone  
(713) 907-6315
Beverly (x 5-7857) will be available to assist you if you need any help 
reaching Dave 
Happy Holidays,
rick, have a good holiday - John and I appreciate the support you and your 
group have provided.
Delainey
excellent 
Bill, I think you are confusing me with John Lavorato my COO.  I am a 
University of Saskatchewan grad.  Regardless, if I can help lets discuss in 
the new year.
Delainey
Bill Heidecker@EES
12/21/2000 03:15 PM
Dave,
I understand that you are also a former UWO grad (please correct me if this 
is incorrect).
Are you involved in the decisions to recruit or provide sponsorship at Ivey?
The reason I ask is that the LEADER Project at Ivey is in need of a new lead 
sponsor and given the new developments in Ontario and Alberta with dereg, 
this may be a great opportunity to get Enron's name out in the business 
community.
I was very involved with the LEADER Project when I was at Ivey as one of the 
Executive Directors and oversaw general operations as well as the Western 
Region (i.e. Ukraine and Belarus).  While Enron may not have specific 
interests to promote in Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, or Kazakstan, LEADER is a 
very large and well respected project within the school and amongst the 
alumni.   I have already made a $250 personal donation to the project and 
would love to see a greater presence of Enron (Houston) on campus.
I know that this is a busy time of year but perhaps you can consider the idea 
and we can discuss its potential in the new year.
Thanks in advance,
Bill Heidecker
EES, Commodity Structuring
ext. 33078
Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for 
Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources:
a) detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and 
overall performance;
b) detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes 
following;
c) anticipated major transactions in 2001; and
d) review charter and detail any proposed changes.
I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January 
- please have package available for my review by mid January.
Delainey
Dan, it will have to wait - I will be back in early January.
Delainey
thanks Susan
Delainey
Dave would like to schedule a meeting the you today to discuss HPL Would 4:00 pm be ok with all of you....???  please let me know your 
availability as soon as possible.
Thanks,
Kay
FYI
Sharon Crawford
12/21/2000 12:15 PM
To Everyone in the Calgary and Toronto offices (from Peter Keohane):
As you know from the numerous press stories and my earlier e-mail messages, 
the Competition Bureau conducted an investigation into the activities of 
Enron Canada Corp. and British Columbia Power Exchange Corporation regarding 
transactions in the Alberta Power Pool.  As you know, we were co-operating to 
the fullest extent possible with the investigating authorities, and we were 
confident that there was no substance to the allegations.  Accordingly, it is 
with great pleasure that I inform all of you that the Competition Bureau has 
announced in a press release, that the alleged offences under the Competition 
Act were unsubstantiated and that the Competition Bureau has closed the 
inquiry.  To quote the Competition Bureau, "The evidence suggests that the 
companies were employing independent business strategies and were not 
colluding on bids."  I want to thank everyone for their co-operation in 
dealing with this disruptive matter.
,
Peter
This looks good... all your cc are good and he said to send to all ENA=20
Employees 
Thanks again for all your help......This will be out tomorrow morning,=20
correct 
Thanks,
Kay
Enron Americas - Office of the Chairman
Hello - Please review revised message.  The message will be sent to: ENA=20
Employees.  I will place the following individuals in the CC field:
Joe Kishkill/SA/Enron@, Orlando Gonzalez/SA/Enron@, Brett R=20
Wiggs/SA/Enron@, Remi Collonges/SA/Enron@, Jeffrey A=20
Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey=20
McMahon/HOU/ECT@ECT, Raymond Bowen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT,=20
Philippe A Bibi/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rebecca=20
McDonald/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, James A=20
Hughes/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@_DEVELOPMENT, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron@, Greg=20
Whalley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@, Steven J=20
Kean/NA/Enron@, James D Steffes/NA/Enron@, Ben F=20
Glisan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Koenig/Corp/Enron@, Rick Buy/HOU/ECT@ECT, John=20
Sherriff/LON/ECT@ECT, Jeff Skilling/Corp/Enron@, Kenneth=20
Lay/Corp/Enron@, Cliff Baxter/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael R Brown/LON/ECT@ECT,=20
Mark Palmer/Corp/Enron@
Thanks.  Tracey
These are truly outstanding accomplishments and our expectations for growth=20
With these objectives in mind, patterned after the successful business models=20
in Calgary and Portland, effective immediately the following changes are=20
being implemented:
a) East Power =01) a single East Power Team incorporating trading, mid-market=20
and origination will be formed under the co-leadership of Kevin Presto and=20
Janet Dietrich who will report to the Enron Americas - Office of the Chairman=20
(EA OOC).  This team will have one income statement, one book and a joint=20
accountability. However, a clear delineation of responsibilities inside these=20
teams will continue to exist in which the trading organization will manage=20
the risk, income statement and product development aspects of the=20
partnership. The originators will have the primary responsibility to generate=20
origination income, provide coverage, deal flow, lead strategy formulation,=20
provide information and generate strategic positions.  Overall, the team will=20
be rewarded based upon increasing the value of the book, meeting=20
coverage/deal flow targets and meeting its strategic/growth goals in the=20
Eastern power markets. The team will be responsible for covering the IOU=01,s,=20
muni=01,s/co-ops, industrials and IPP=01,s and will utilize all ENA=01,s product=20
capabilities including the power commodity, assets and capital. The team will=20
further be broken down into several key strategic regions and business units=20
including:=20
(i) ERCOT =01) managed by Doug Gilbert Smith and Bruce Sukaly;
(ii) NE =01) managed by Dana Davis and Jeff Ader;
(iii) Midwest =01) managed by Fletch Sturm and Ed Baughman;
(iv) SE =01) managed by Rogers Herndon and Ozzie Pagan;
(v) East Power Development =01) managed by Ben Jacoby;
(vi) East Power Structuring  - managed by Bernie Aucoin; and
(vii) East Power Fundamentals and the =01&Genco=018 =01) managed by Lloyd Will
=20
b) West Power =01) there will be no changes to the Portland office which is=20
managed by Tim Belden and Chris Calger .  Both Tim and Chris will continue to=20
report to the EA OOC.
c) Canada and Mexico =01) there will be no changes to the Canadian or Mexican=20
offices which are managed by Rob Milnthorp and Max Yzaguirre respectively. =20
Both Rob and Max will continue to report to the EA OOC.
d) U.S. Natural Gas =01) there are several changes anticipated in this business=20
consistent with the goals and objectives described above. The changes=20
primarily affect the East, Central, West and Texas gas regions. Each region=20
will consist of a single gas team incorporating trading, mid-market and=20
origination. Each team will have one income statement, one book and a joint=20
accountability. However, a clear delineation of responsibilities inside these=20
teams will continue to exist in which the trading organization will manage=20
the risk, income statement and product development aspects of the=20
partnership. The originators will have the primary responsibility to generate=20
origination income, provide coverage, deal flow, lead strategy formulation,=20
provide information and generate strategic positions. Overall, the team will=20
be rewarded based upon increasing the value of the book, meeting=20
coverage/deal flow targets and meeting its strategic/growth goals in the=20
Eastern, Western, Central and Texas gas markets.  The team will be=20
responsible for covering the LDC=01,s, muni=01,s/co-ops, industrials, IOU=01,s, IPP=01,s=20
and the producers.  There will be an increasing focus on the upstream side of=20
the business including the producers, transporters and storage providers in=20
addition to market area opportunities. The team will utilize all of ENA=01,s=20
product capabilities including the gas commodity, assets and capital. Each of=20
these groups will report directly to the EA OOC;
East Gas =01) a single East Gas Team incorporating trading, mid-market and=20
origination will be formed under the co-leadership of Scott Neal and Frank=20
Vickers who will be returning from Portland to join this team. =20
West Gas  =01) in a similar manner, a West Gas Team will be formed co-managed by=20
Phillip Allen and Barry Tycholiz, who will be joining us in Houston from the=20
Canadian team. The Denver office under Mark Whitt will be integrated under=20
this team.
Central Gas =01)  in a similar manner, a Central Gas Team will be formed=20
co-managed by Hunter Shively and Laura Luce. The Chicago office will be=20
integrated into this team.
Texas Gas =01) the Texas Gas Team will be managed by Tom Martin. This team will=20
continue to manage the gas trading business around HPL until the pending sale=20
is concluded in Q2 2001.  After the sale of HPL, this team will build a Texas=20
gas business without ownership of the HPL assets. =20
Financial =01) this group will continue to be managed by John Arnold with no=20
significant changes.
Derivatives =01) this group, lead by Fred Lagrasta, will offer derivative and=20
financial mid-market products and services to the natural gas market=20
specifically targeting CFO=01,s and treasury departments.  Fred will continue to=20
maintain certain existing mid-market accounts with a number of producer and=20
industrial accounts where relationships are well formed. Otherwise,=20
mid-market coverage will gravitate to the regions. The New York office gas=20
marketing efforts will continue to be managed by Fred.
Upstream Products =01) this group, lead by Jean Mrha, will develop several=20
distinct product offerings for the upstream segment of the gas market.  This=20
group will develop and market the product in conjunction with the regions.=20
This is consistent with our desire to have a broader product offering and=20
greater market penetration in the upstream segment.  These products include=20
producer outsourcing, similar to our successful Petro-Canada and Suncor=20
relationships in Canada, physical storage re-engineering, compressor=20
services, wellhead liquidity products and offshore asset and capital=20
products.  In addition, Jean will manage our Bridgeline joint venture with=20
Texaco. =20
Gas Structuring =01) this group will be lead by Ed McMichael, reporting to Frank=20
Vickers, will provide structuring and deal support to all the gas teams.
Gas Fundamentals =01) this group will be lead by Chris Gaskill, reporting to=20
Hunter Shively, will provide fundamentals to all the gas teams.   =20
Julie Gomez will continue to support the gas floor through several identified=20
projects including long-term supply/demand analysis and, natural gas=20
transportation capacity trading opportunities.
=20
There is an expectation of some customer overlap between the gas and power=20
groups; for example, the combination utilities and the IPP=01,s.  The teams will=20
coordinate with regard to the combination utilities like Con. Edison or=20
PG&E.  With regard to the IPP=01,s, to the extent that the product offering=20
involves an underlying power position, the power teams will manage. We have=20
asked Janet Dietrich to coordinate such overlaps between the two=20
organizations in Houston.=20
e) Technical/Restructuring - In the effort to consolidate and centralize our=20
technical resources (engineering, development, operations, pipeline) to=20
ensure that this skill base is available to all ENA groups and utilized=20
productively across the organization, Brian Redmond will form and manage the=20
Technical Services Group.  This group will manage ENA=01,s technical risks and=20
will provide, on a cost basis, technical services for the entire ENA=20
organization. This group will manage the interface with EE&CC and OEC.  In=20
addition, the Restructuring Group, currently managed by Dick Lydecker, will=20
report to Brian Redmond.  This group is currently monetizing a large portion=20
of the merchant investment portfolio given our current strategies.  This=20
group will have continuing responsibility to manage troubled commodity and=20
capital transactions that need considerable time and attention to manage risk=20
and monetize.=20
In addition to these responsibilities, Brian will manage the pending sale and=20
transition of the HPL asset over the next couple quarters as regulatory and=20
securities approvals are obtained in order to complete the sale.  Brian will=20
report to the EA OOC.
f) Principal Investing  =01)  with the departure of Jeff Donahue to new=20
opportunities in EBS, ENA=01,s venture capital function will be managed by=20
Michael L. Miller.  This group makes small investments in distributed=20
generation, power quality and technology companies that can benefit from=20
Enron=01,s distribution channels and expertise.  Michael will report to the EA=20
OOC.
g) Corporate Development =01) Tim Detmering will assume the corporate=20
development responsibilities for ENA as Jeff transitions to his new role and=20
will report to the EA OOC.
h) Generation Investments =01) there will be no changes to this group managed by=20
Dave Duran. Dave will continue to report to the EA OOC.
i) Energy Capital Resources =01) there will be no changes to this group=20
currently lead by C. John Thompson and Scott Josey.  John and Scott will=20
continue to report to the EA OOC.
As a final note in the interest of keeping things simple, Enron Americas will=20
We look forward to another exciting year in the North American energy=20
market.  This is certainly a company unrivaled in the marketplace with the=20
most talented employees.  The opportunities are endless.  We wish you and=20
your family a very happy and safe holiday season.
Brett, since Enron owns NEPCO - true risk transfer under a fixed price 
contract is difficult.  However, I do like the behaviour that you get from 
such accountability (ie) high incentive to get done on time and on budget My experience with NEPCO on cost plus has been very unfavourable (don't like 
#1).  I will be supportive of any structure that aligns our interests 
appropriately.  You might want to bounce a few ideas off Dan.  I have already 
given him a heads up on the value at stake if we can come in at the low end 
of the scale and early.
Drop me a note on where you end up.
Delainey
Brett R Wiggs@
12/20/2000 06:07 PM
Dave:
Do you have any general guidance on how you would like for me to approach the 
EPC contract with NEPCO Houston?  The three options that we currently have on 
the table are:
Fixed engineering/internal costs with pass-through on external costs with fee.
Same structure with cap.
Fixed price contract.
Our last conversation was very focused on a fixed price contract.  My 
conversations with Dan Leff were moving in the direction of one or two.  My 
concern on a fixed price number is the timing and my negotiating position, 
but I understand your issues.  Any general thoughts would be helpful.
Thanks,
Brett
whats up?
Dave
Daniel Reck
12/18/2000 11:34 AM
If you are around the next couple weeks, I wanted to see if you had a few 
minutes.  Kenealy's is an acceptable venue, or I can come up to your office.
Thanks,
Dan
John, I need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before 
Friday.
Thanks
Dave
Barry need your 2000 accomplishment and Enron resume/deal anthology before 
Friday
Thanks
Dave
Janet, need 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology for Ben 
Jacoby and Ed McMichael before Friday - please follow up.
Delainey
Guys, need your 2000 acoomplishments before Friday.
Delainey
Chris, I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology 
before Friday.
Thxs
Dave
Chris, sounds good - a) Wes will work with you on earnings recognition issues 
for Pastoria and b) selling the LM's and the LV Cogen asset is a good call 
regardless of the hit.  Some accounting flexibility on the LV hit may be 
worthwhile.  Value protected counts just as much as new value created - you 
are doing the right thing.
Delainey
Christopher F Calger
11/19/2000 01:35 PM
Dave,
We made good progress last week on the sale of Pastoria and Las Vegas Kelemen is doing a great job.
In general, Calpine is more agressive and can move quicker than AES - AES has 
one small team on both deals and is slower at turning docs.  Without giving 
up any rights or discouraging AES from pursuing Pastoria, we are trying to 
position AES on LV and keep Calpine's value for Pastoria close to their 
original bid.
Calpine - Pastoria
Early in the week, Calpine clawed back about $12 million from their bid 
primarily by claiming that the turbine contract is overpriced by $10 million, 
and their bid assumed  "market" for the turbines.   While they are correct 
(the extra $10 million for Catalytica), we have gotten most of that back There bid now is $37MM (vs. $41) plus up to $5MM if the contingency is not 
used between signing and closing.  Calpine also wanted to include other 
permits (other than CEC) as conditions precedent and they wanted us to rep 
that the scheduled permits are the only ones required to construct and 
operate.  This is far too onerous and we are pushing back on this.  Our plan 
is to get a PSA that only has HSR and CEC permit as conditions precedent The other negotiating item is with respect to mechanics of continuing the 
development between signing and closing, and who pays for it and who is at 
risk.  This is relevant if you think of the scenario where incremental costs 
are necessary in order to get the Non-appealable CEC Permit 
AES - Pastoria
Same PSA issues as above, but AES seems more skiddish about the development 
risks (other than CEC).  They want to change some of the EPC contract terms, 
they want a more-involved transition team and  they want us to take more risk 
on post-signing/pre-closing development.  Their bid was $27million plus 
upside for the 250MW expansion and a services agreement for fuel supply and 
schedule coordination services.  We have given them term sheets that provide 
for an extra $10 million for the 250MW expansion and approximately $750,000 
per year of risk-free service revenues.  They have not yet responded.  By 
contrast, Calpine does not want to use NEPCO, and they dont want our services 
or any material ongoing involvement (cleaner 
CEC Process:
On Thursday night we received the Presiding Members Proposed Decision (PMPD recommending approval of the Project.  By statute, this is one month early 
and the quickest in California to date.  This is a 400 page document and we 
are combing through it to determine any material changes from our original 
filing and the original staff assessment - none detected yet.  The stated 
process is that we would receive our CEC permit on December 20, after which 
their is a 30 day appeal period.  If there is no appeal, the process is done 
Jan 19.  For purposes of handicapping the risk, we have already gone through 
the public hearing process.  While there was some intervention, our remote 
site is not in the environmental/NIMBY crosshairs like other projects.  In 
order for the appeal process to derail the timing, someone needs to show that 
(i) a law was broken or (ii) the CEC analysis is seriously flawed.  In the 
past two years five plants were approved and only one was appealed - this was 
due to a resident that was not notified and therefore the project broke the 
law.   This caused a 4 month delay.   The two bidders will not take the risk 
on the CEC permit getting appealed.  In Calpine's words, it would look pretty 
bad on Wall Street if they had to write off a $40MM development fee paid to 
Enron for nothing! 
AES-Las Vegas
They seem genuinely interested in the asset - more the expansion than the 
QF.  They like LM6000's and think they are great resource for the location We told them they are behind the other bidders both on time and value.  They 
have reviewed the EPC contract and understand the quality of the LD's, 
liability limits and the consortium EPC group.  They indicated that they have 
no problem with getting incremental insurance in order to protect the value 
of hitting June, 2002.  They want to meet with the EPC group and provide 
input to the notice to proceed.  Closing for them on this deal is a little 
cleaner than Pastoria because we have the permits in hand, and it is not as 
big a bet (smaller asset, existing operation, less political risk, etc Our plan is to turn the PSA one more time (Monday) and then tell them that if 
they get their bid up a few million ($26MM to say $30MM), we will focus on 
them for a week or so to try to get it closed 
Deal Timing - Pastoria: Firm up Calpine on value and risk allocation during 
the next week and aim for signing and HSR filing on December 1.  Sometime 
before December 1 we need to finalize our plans with respect to earnings 
recognition.  We have been talking with Deffner, Westfall and lawyers about 
different structures involving either (i) LJM; (ii) AIG; or (iii) selling to 
Calpine with liquidated damages relating to CEC Permit.  As you can imagine, 
there are pros and cons to each approach.  We expect to know more on this by 
Wednesday of this week and will update you at that time.
Deal Timing - Las Vegas: The only condition precedent should be the HSR.  If 
they can move quicker, we will target December 1 to sign and late Dec to 
close.   The urgency relates to schedule - the longer we wait, the greater 
the risk of missing June 2002 COD.  With respect to QIV earnings, AES' bid 
results in a $6MM hit.  Signing the deal to sell reduces fair market 
valuation.  Two possibilities we are exploring: If AES increases its bid, the 
hit may be neglibible; alternatively we may be able to discount the LM6000's 
being sold to them, which may not show up as a hit since the LM6000 pool is 
accrual and being sold into Turbopark.  Like the Pastoria analysis, we will 
know more this week and will update you when we know 
,
Chris
Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow I assume that RAC will have the resolutions and DASH.
Delainey
Patrick Wade
12/20/2000 10:12 AM
This should be sent from John and me - Enron Americas, Office of the Chairman 
Please ensure that I am able to proof the final copy before distributing.  I 
would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday 
morning.
Dave
Rebecca, lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex, after going 
through with the deal team, still has some issues to be resolved.  We will 
push this into Q1.  The HPL deal is anticipated to be signed on Thursday 
afternoon or Friday morning.
Delainey
Rebecca. attached you will find the presentation for the HPL deal.  Please 
forward to Jeff.  If you have any questions or comments do not hesitate to 
give me a call.
Delainey
Patrick Wade
12/19/2000 04:12 PM
yes thxs dave
Randy, looks like a good solution - well done 
Delainey
Randal Maffett
12/19/2000 10:32 AM
Dave - I think I've worked out a solution to the Fidelity problem.  Enron 
North America and Fidelity will agree to a back to back Put/Call option 
whereby after closing the sale to PNE Enron has a 6 month Call option (thru 
6/30/01) to cash them out at the contract price (=$5.2MM less PV10 of accrued 
tax credits to date).  For the period of July 1-31, 2001 Fidelity would have 
a Put option at the same price.
This accomplishes the following:
Preserves $5MM cash for Enron by allowing us 6 months to find a new buyer for 
the tax credits and doing a back to back flip.
Preserves the integrity of the tax credits for cal 2001 (Gasco and Genco have 
to be unaffiliated) which will maximize our ability to recover our 
costs/minimize losses.
Gives Fidelity a date certain when they're out of the deal AND gives them 
optionality to stay in if they choose.
Gets the deal between Ecogas and PNE done structurally to PNE's satisfaction.
I spoke w/ Donahue about internal approvals and since Enron is already 
exposed for the $5.2MM, and the balance can only go down (not up), we didn't 
feel this would need anything other than ENA Legal and Office of the 
Chairman.  I'll assume this is correct unless I'm told otherwise.
Guys, the outside date on termination due to force majeure was moved to 
October 31,2002.  It is our risk to construct the pipeline;however, it is a 
breach of contract if Petrobras does not have gas at the site by April 30, 
2002.
Delainey
Larry:
Rick Buy has asked that I respond to you directly on your concerns outlined 
in your memo this morning:
1.  With respect to EPC price, the range in the DASH text indicates EPC Price 
range reported to us by the deal team without the contingency.   Dan Leff has 
changed the DASH to reflect a range with the $10 million contingency.  For 
modelling purposes, we have used the following aggregated values in our 
probabilistic evaluation to account for the EPC Contract Price and a $10 
million hard cost contingency:
($000s)
P5   $194.25
P50 (expected)  $210.00 P95   $225.75
2.  With regard to schedule, I am told that EE&CC has a copy of the 
Consortium Agreement where this information is contained.  I retrieved this 
information from that document.  I have attached a copy of the Consortium 
Agreement.  I hear your points and understand the risk.  The schedule will be 
driven by receipt of the necessary permits.  If the permitting process does 
not proceed as expected, I recommend that EWS/Americas Management reconsider 
the incremental investment in the project.  On-going dialogue between 
EWS/Americas and EE&CC will be essential in determining the continued 
viability of the schedule.  Enron owns 25% of CEG and does not have 
control--I would recommend that we consult with Enron legal on this question.
3.  It is prudent to restrict expenditures to $15 million until we receive 
our permits given this is the maximum recoverable amount from Petrobras From a permitting perspective, we are unable to commence construction of the 
plant beyond site clearance without the actual environmental and installation 
permits anyway, so whether or not we place a $15 million constraint on 
expenditure, the absence of permits will not allow for further construction An issue comes along with respect to long-lead items and whether these should 
be ordered in advance of permit issuance.  Our understanding is that the $15 
million figure was derived with the assistance of EE&CC and takes into 
consideration funding required for long-lead items.
4.  The 9169 btu/kwh is assumed to be LHV in the model.
5.  The Consortium Agreement anticipates a 92% availability for maximum 
payout of the capacity payment.  The capacity payment is discounted ratably 
to the extent the Equivalent Availability Factor is less than 92% as per 
Schedule 8.06 in the Consortium Agreement.
With regard to future co-ordination, please designate an individual to be 
placed on the circulation for all DASHs in the future.  I will ensure that a 
DASH is provided within a time frame appropriate for response and discussion.
Please let me know if you have any further questions or concerns.
,
Chip
fyi, please respond, tx rick
Larry L Izzo@_DEVELOPMENT
12/19/2000 10:04 AM
Rick, I was provided a copy of the DASH at 6:30 PM last evening and asked to 
sign off soonest.  My comments follow:
Cost:  the DASH is incorrect.  EECC has provided both a cost - plus price and 
a guaranteed price.
EECC has provided a NEPCO-guaranted price of $215MM.
EECC has indicated that it's estimate of actual costs is most likely $205MM We indicated this cost estimate was somewhat conservative.  Since last week, 
the cost estimate has been further revised to $202MM.  It is unlikely that 
the actual costs of the project will be significantly less than $202MM $202MM represents a cost estimate with the Owners maintaining the risk of 
overruns and schedule.  This would require the Owner to maintain a 
contingency in his proforma above the most likely expected cost of $202MM.
After providing the above information to the Developer, the Developer was 
going to take a look at the carrying cost of turbines which were inside this 
estimate; I have no update on whether the turbine price changed from the 
numbers I saw last week.
Schedule:  Neither my team nor I had seen the provisions of termination by 
Petrobras, as stated in the DASH, prior to last evening.  The ability of 
Petrobras to terminate at April 30, 2002 if the project is not completed due 
to circumstances within Enron's controls, is an unlikely risk, but not 
totally impossible.  Further, the project is subject to a June 30, 2002, 
termination by Petrobras if the project is not completed due to force 
majeure.  This is considered more of an onerous risk.  It's not clear to me 
whether the requirement to complete the pipeline and bring gas to the project 
would be considered under Enron's control, considering that Enron is a 
partial Owner in CEG, the gas distribution pipeline company.
On the other hand, we have indicated that an October 31, 2001 start-up, is 
reasonable, based on a full NTP by January 1, and site access on February 1 If the schedule is constrained by the RAC recommendation to limit expenses to 
$15MM, the October 31, start-up could be at risk.
Performance:  The stated agreement with Petrobras for 365 megawatts (site 
condition) and an average net degraded heat rate of 9169 btu/kWH, appears 
correct, if it is LHV.
O&M Guarantee:  The DASH is not clear on what O&M availability guarantee 
Enron is prepared to sign with Petrobras.  I would suggest that OEC insure it 
agrees with any availability guarantees prior to Enron signing the Petrobras 
agreement.
Rick, sorry for this late feedback, but our system of coordination with the 
RAC needs improvement.  In the days when I worked with EI, EECC would provide 
to EI a written due diligence report direct, after checking the proforma 
against the PPA.  This was an Enron lesson-learned after years of 
experience.  The recent reorganizations have diluted this procedure.  I 
suggest I discuss with you how to improve our due diligence process.
,
Larry
LI54600
Guys, attached you will find a draft org memo that I anticpate going out on 
Thursday.  I appreciate your patience.  Please give me any comments ASAP 
(only major issues).
Brian/Tim, I assume that we need a communication strategy to HPL employees 
before this memo goes out - please advise.
Please keep this note confidential until release.
Delainey
Brett, this looks fine.
Delainey
Brett R Wiggs@
12/18/2000 04:50 PM
Dave:
The following is the additional language I discussed.  Please let me know if 
this is acceptable.
Thanks,
Brett
Section 24.14 Purchase Option.  Within ninety (90) Days following the 
Execution Date, each of PETROBRAS and SFE agree to discuss the potential 
option of PETROBRAS or one of its Affiliates to purchase all of the 
outstanding equity interests in SFE following the Term of this Agreement Each of PETROBRAS and SFE agree that unless definitive documentation is 
executed regarding such potential sale, no such discussions shall be binding 
on either PETROBRAS or SFE. Each of PETROBRAS and SFE shall have no 
obligation to enter into any transaction regarding such proposed sale Nothing in this Section 24.14 shall be deemed as a condition to the 
performance of any Party under this Agreement and the failure to effect such 
sale shall in no way relieve any Party of any obligation set forth herein.
As I had indicated before please work through me or Brett - otherwise we risk 
our ability to move them - please forward appropriately.
Delainey
Brett R Wiggs@
12/18/2000 11:57 AM
Dave:
Can you let me know who you forwarded the information on the MHI turbines 
to?  Mitsubishi has received some information inquiries directly from other 
Enron areas about utilizing the machines in North America.  If MHI learns 
that we are considering moving the machines at this point, this will create 
siginificant problems in closing the year end re-financing.  I need to 
forward a message to those considering the machines to work through me.
Thanks,
Brett
Janet, please have someone draft up a short speech for this function.
Delainey
Jennifer Walker@
11/16/2000 03:19 PM
According to my records, you have not RSVP'ed for the Austin Energy 
Groundbreaking Ceremony scheduled for Wednesday, November 29th at 12:30 p.m. 
in Austin, TX.  I am trying to determine an Enron head count so we can plan 
accordingly for transportation to and from the ceremony site and the airport 
on the day of the event. 
Please let me know if you are planning to attend as soon as possible. If you 
will be attending, I will contact you regarding transportation.
Thanks in advance for your help in making the Groundbreaking Ceremony  a 
success.
Jennifer Walker
Enron Public Relations
Brett, under the assumption that we are not over-paying for the land and that 
the site has option value beyond the Petrobras deal, I am ok with the 
purchase.
Delainey
Brett R Wiggs@
12/18/2000 12:03 PM
Dave:
Some time ago, I had received approval to purchase the primary block of land 
for the Rio project site from Jim.  One year ago, we had acquired the rights 
to purchase the land under an option agreement.  This agreement is about to 
expire and we are currently closing the transaction to purchase the land The total purchase price of the block is $1.7 million.  This closing is to 
take place tomorrow.  Given the changes, I thought I should run this by you 
to make sure you would be in agreement.  I had hoped that this would be a 
moot point with the Petrobras agreement closed.  However, I think we may be a 
couple more days on that.  I am very concerned with waiting on the landowner 
given that our option agreement will be expiring.  Please let me know if it 
is ok to move forward with the land purchase.
Thanks,
Brett
Patrick, there are two pages missing (ie) Earnings & ROCE.
Delainey
Patrick Wade
12/18/2000 10:00 AM
Dave, here is an updated presentation draft incorporating your comments
,
Patrick
Guys, I assume you are keeping an eye on "California East".  Any help you can 
give Kevin would be much appreciated.
Delainey
This NY cap proposal must be prevented.   The proposal is essentially 
cost-based regulation.   Obviously, if the proposal below was adopted by NY, 
Enron's ability to make money is greatly diminished.   In addition, it has 
significant effects on the rest of the market in terms of regulatory 
uncertainty in the forward markets.
In the past, FERC has ruled to make caps consistent in all 3 NE regions (NY, 
NE, and PJM), which leads to quasi caps in the rest of the Eastern 
Interconnect.
Jim,
We need an action plan ASAP.   Please coordinate with Dana, Tom May, and 
myself.
Tom May@
12/14/2000 06:13 PM
FYI.  In the interest of all the developing markets, I think that we need to 
make a full court press to ensure that this does not get enough support to 
pass at the committee level in New York.  I will arrange a meeting with 
regulatory to plan our response.
Tom.
Earlier today, the New York Public Service Commission released a 122 page 
draft report prepared by its staff evaluating the NYISO. The report concludes 
that the ISO must pursue a wide range of operational reforms and other 
consumer safeguards to "ensure a more efficient and stable electric market 
that will better protect consumers from dramatic price increases." The report 
culminates a months-long investigation begun by the PSC last summer in 
response to problems and price run-ups in the wholesale market.
The major recommendations in the Report, some of which have already surfaced 
in recent ISO Committee meetings, would be devastating to a competitive 
wholesale market and would largely reregulate prices in New York. They 
include the following (taken directly from the PSC's Press Release):
Reforming rules and procedures to improve the efficiency of the market and 
minimize opportunities for market manipulation, or "gaming," by owners of 
electricity generating facilities;
Initiating a $150 per megawatt hour price cap on generators to maintain 
reasonable market clearing prices;
Creating a "circuit-breaker" mechanism that will prevent market power abuses 
at levels below $150/MWH;
Lowering price thresholds significantly to allow the NYISO to step in more 
quickly to investigate and mitigate price spikes;
Granting the NYISO retroactive refund authority to return to consumers gains 
that generators improperly derive from market power abuse; and,
Creating a strong deterrent against price abuses by penalizing generators who 
repeatedly use improper tactics to raise prices above competitive levels.
The NYPSC, of course, has no legal authority to impose any of these 
recommendations. However, they are likely to muster support from the 
Transmission Owners, governmental entities and loads, that usually control 
enough votes to just  pass a motion at an ISO Committee. This will set up a 
confrontation with the ISO Board, which is walking a delicate tightrope 
between maintaining its independence and supporting a competitive wholesale 
market on the one hand, and dealing with the politics of a hostile 
Administration in New York. Last summer, as you may recall, the Board 
rejected the $1000 bid cap pushed through by the PSC, voting instead for a 
$1300 cap. That action was set aside by FERC, which reimposed the $1,000 
level and then made it applicable in New England as well so that there would 
be consistency among the three Northeast ISOs (PJM already had the $1,000 
cap 
Thus, whether NY follows the lead of California is likely to be determined by 
FERC, and it will have to carefully consider the consistency concerns it 
raised last summer in ultimately deciding whether it's OK for New York to set 
price caps below its neighboring ISOs.
Attached is a copy of the PSC's Press Release and Report.
Kay, can you set up some time - perhaps in the new year for a lunch - my 
office should be fine.
Delainey
Li Sun@
12/15/2000 11:19 AM
Dear Dave,
Very nice meeting and talking to you last Saturday at the party!  This is Li 
Sun, hopefully you still remember me as I said:" I know you and you don't 
know me, that is always the case."  Actually I talked to you at the other 
party in Kevin Hannon's house for summer associates last year, the 
conversation was quite enjoyable and I was greatly impressed by your 
experience with Enron 
Just want to say hello and please accept my best wishes in this holiday 
season! And I wonder whether you would be kind enough to have time for lunch 
or coffee sometime.
All the best!
Li
fyi
Michael L Miller@
12/15/2000 03:53 PM
We have now refined our initial estimates for potential 4Q fair value 
earnings on each of our portfolio investments:
Dais-Analytic ($8.27 MM) - DAC has signed an agreement with Lucky Goldstar of 
Korea which includes a $5 MM minority equity investment at a pre-money 
valuation equal to $147.9 MM.  The agreement has been signed, is legally 
binding, can not be unilaterally terminated by LG and transfer of money will 
happen as soon as LG receives Korean central bank approval.  (Note:  We could 
take an additional $3.55 MM gain, or $11.8 MM aggregate, if we chose to 
exercise our option to invest $4.5 MM in DAC prior to year end)
Encorp ($14.1 MM) - Encorp has received a term sheet from Ballentine Capital 
which values the company at $100 MM pre-money.  Beacon Capital and Goldman 
Sachs have both passed on making an investment at $100 MM.  Given current 
market conditions, we believe a pre-money valuation of $90 MM is more 
realistic and closer to what Ballentine will ultimately do the deal at.  The 
$14.1 MM figure corresponds to a valuation of $90 MM 
Solo Energy ($1.5 MM) - the downturn in the equity markets has had its effect 
on Solo's fund raising.  Chase H&Q has solicited a number of investors in the 
market, including Beacon, Perseus, Stephens (Little Rock) and Ballentine and 
all are interested and reviewing.  Charlie's sense is that the term sheets 
that we should receive by year end will be at a valuation lower than the $80 
MM that H&Q has been advertising to the company (and us).  The $1.5 MM figure 
corresponds to a pre-money valuation of $60 MM, which we view as more 
realistic.
Metering Technology Corp. ($1.0 MM) - Aqua International Partners has agreed 
to invest $15 MM at a pre-money valuation of $45 MM 
Power Systems Mfg LLC ($0.72 MM) - the principals of PSM have agreed to sell 
the company to Calpine for $43 MM, making our warrant worth $1.72 MM.  Enron 
will receive cash for the warrant upon closing of the deal.  PSM's proceeds 
will be paid out over a 2-3 year period.
Utiliquest - we learned in November that Utiliquest had lost its bid to 
retain the Atlanta area locating business of BellSouth, Atlanta Gas & Light, 
Metromedia (Cable TV) and Georgia Power.  This was obviously disappointing to 
us - and symptomatic of the performance which led me to replace Utiliquest's 
CEO just prior to the award of Atlanta bid (which went to STS, a subsidiary 
of Dycom).  The initial indication from the company was that - while Atlanta 
represented $20 MM in revenues (roughly 20% of total revenues) - there would 
be a proportionately smaller change in EBITDA and the bottom line.  After 
further analysis - conducted in connection with our planned divestiture - we 
have determined that there will likely be a $2-3 MM reduction in EBITDA for 
2000.  Our anticipated EBITDA exit multiple is 6-7x 2000 figures.  I need to 
discuss a revaluation of Utiliquest in more detail with Kevin, Wes Colwell 
and Andrea Reed.
Total comes to $25.6 MM plus whatever we determine is achievable on 
Utiliquest. 
Please call if you have any questions.
MLM
David, good to hear from you - I am sure we will cross paths in your career 
with Enron 
All the best
Delainey
FYI see attached
Delainey
Angela, 
Is Dave supposed to be involved in this 
I just happened to be in Dave's email looking for something for him........I 
saw your name and thought maybe I'd better see if this was something I needed 
to put on his calendar.....As a rule, I do not go into Dave's  email unless I 
am told or looking for something that someone has requested me to print and 
give to him.....so, if you need something to be put on his calendar, please 
copy me on it or chances are I may or may not find out about it 
Thanks,
Kay
Angela McCulloch
12/13/2000 10:03 AM
webmaster@cera.com on 12/12/2000 08:05:11 PM
TIME
3:00 P.M. Eastern, Monday, December 18, 2000
Outside the United States: (719) 457-2637
Confirmation Code: 491053
Title of the call: CERA Gas/Refined Products
Title: Conference Call and Web Presentation: Volatility in Northeast Energy 
Markets Author: CERA
E-Mail Category: Conference Call
Product Line: North American Gas , Refined Products ,
URLs:
Refined Products Members: 
North American Gas Members: 
A Cambridge Energy Research Associates Conference Call and Web Presentation
with North American Natural Gas and Refined Products Groups
TOPIC
Volatility in the Northeast Energy Markets: Natural Gas and Distillate Fuels
* National perspective: The gas price shock.
* Price spikes in the Northeast energy markets so far this winter: more to 
come?
* Natural gas storage levels: how low can they go?
* Distillate fuel oil: a source of relief for tight Northeast gas markets?
FORMAT
At the time listed below, our speakers will address this topic for 
approximately 30 minutes, with accompanying graphics presented on the 
Internet, followed by an open question and answer period.
SPEAKERS
Robert Fleck, CERA Associate Director, North American Gas
Martin Meyers, CERA Director, Refined Products
Jennifer Snyder, CERA Associate Director, North American Gas
William Veno, CERA Director, Refined Products
TIME
3:00 P.M. Eastern, Monday, December 18, 2000
ELIGIBILITY
Clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who 
subscribe to the CERA North American Natural Gas and Refined Products 
Retainer Advisory Services.
AUDIO & INTERNET
For the AUDIO portion of the call, please call in on one of the following 
numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Within the United States: 1-800-946-0705
Outside the United States: (719) 457-2637
Confirmation Code: 491053
Title of the call: CERA Gas/Refined Products
For the INTERNET portion of the call (audio is by telephone), log on to the 
internet approximately 15-30 minutes before the presentation to ensure 
technological compatibility.
1. Point your browser to   (Do not include WWW in 
the URL)
2. At the VisionCast Home Page, click on "Attend a Private Conference."
3. Follow all directions given regarding additional technology required (if 
any).
4. You will be prompted for an Event Name, your name, and your company name.
Event Name: vc491053
5. Fill in all fields and click "Continue."
System Requirements and Suggestions:
* Internet connection not reliant on the phone line you will use for the call.
* A Java-enabled browser, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.02 or higher; 
Netscape Navigator 3.02 or higher; or Sun Hot JAVA(tm)
* Close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver
A recording of this call (audio only) will be available until January 18, 
2001. To access this recording, please call 1-888-203-1112 (within the U.S or (719) 457-0820 (outside the U.S.). Please use confirmation number 491053 
to access the call.
Technical Assistance:
U.S. callers: If you are experiencing difficulties during the call, you may 
signal for technical assistance by pressing *0 (star, zero) on your telephone 
keypad after you have connected to the audio portion of the conference.
International callers: Please re-dial and ask the operator for assistance 
before giving the confirmation code.
For more information, please contact Donna Masulla via e-mail at 
dmasulla@cera.com or via telephone at (617) 441-6896.
**end**
Follow URL for HTML version of this message only.
Come Shoot the Rapids with us at CERAWeek2001, "Shooting the Rapids: 
Strategies and Risks for the Energy Future" in Houston, February 12-16, 
2001!  For more information and to register, please visit 
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Stuart, only New Albany and Doyle would be left.  As you have indicated, 
Doyle is 100% committed to Ogelthorpe.
Delainey
Dave,
I am sorry to bother you with this, but I need the benefit of your global 
information base.  Please take a look at the attached email that I sent 
yesterday (the critical issue is in bold faced type).  It is really important 
that we provide a prompt response so that Cinergy can complete their FERC 
filings in a timely manner.
Thanks in advance for your thoughts.
Stuart
Mitch Robinson@
12/14/2000 11:01 AM
I believe the correct answer is only New Albany since we do not control the 
MW's for Doyle.  New Albany is a nominal 380MW facility.
Mitch
Sam Behrends of LLGM needs to have an answer to the following question no 
later than the end of business today.  Please provide any information that 
you might have.
"Following the sale of the 2000 peakers to Allegheny and the two 99 peakers 
to Cinergy, how much generation will Enron still own within two wheels of 
TVA?"
I think that the answer is New Albany and Doyle (except that we only own 50% 
of Doyle and Doyle does not have any merchant capacity to sell (i.e. the 
facility is fully dedicated to Oglethorpe)).  I am not certain, however, that 
I have thought of everything and don't know the capacities for these two 
facilities.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Stuart
fyi
Richard Lydecker@
12/14/2000 03:19 PM
Catalytica Energy Systems Inc. commenced trading today:
Open     9 1/8
High   13 1/4
Low     9 1/8
Close   13 1/8
At 13 1/8, Enron's investment is valued at $17.6 million.
Please click on the attached link to launch your Holiday Party invitation.
Please direct any questions to Dorie Hitchcock via email.
fyi
Brett R Wiggs@
12/14/2000 05:00 PM
Attached is the legal opinion on the US$ enforcibility.
Brett
John Novak
12/14/2000 07:41 PM
just got a chance to check email and here it is.  don't know if Mark has had 
a chance to look at it.  I havn't but will try on the plane and chekc in t 
omorrow.  Running to the plane now.  rgds, john
Dear All:
Attached please find the eletronic version of our legal opinion on the 
indexation of payments under the Consortium Agreement.  A copy of the 
original signed version of the opinion is following by fax.
,
C?ntia Vaz Guimar?es
Tozzini, Freire, Teixeira e Silva Advogados
Rua L?bero Badar?, 293, 21o. andar
01095-900 - S?o Paulo - SP
Phone # (55-11) 232-2100
Fax # (55-11) 232-3100
cvv@tozzini.com.br
- MERCHOP2.DOC
Ben, please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal 
generation strategy.
Delainey
Benjamin Rogers
12/14/2000 03:07 PM
Dave:
I know we just completed a deal with Cinergy, but I have another idea for us 
to kick around with these guys.  They are building 1,000 MWs, very efficient, 
coal facility along the Ohio river.  Talking with Ben Jacoby and Fred Mitro I 
found out that we are looking at either building a coal facility or investing 
in one, which would create a great hedge against gas.  I am beginning to go 
through the information that Ben and Fred have put together and I wanted to 
sign up a CA with Cinergy regarding this issue.  I was planning on running 
with this, but wanted to make sure this was the type of investment that we 
might be interested in.  I think a partnership in coal with Cinergy could be 
a great partnership for us.  I hope this idea is what you had in mind Thanks in advance for your time.
,
Ben
wcolwel@ on 11/17/2000 12:56:27 PM
COLWELL,WESLEY  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on COLWELL,WESLEY  until you have 
approved the list.
Mike, I will try and call you on Monday - I spoke to Kish about Arcor - he is 
working on it.
Hang in there 
Delainey
Attached please find the invitation for the Las Vegas Offsite to be held at 
the Venetian from December 13-16, 2000.   Please go online and fill out the 
information to confirm your attendance.
Please note:  Travel must be made through this attached invitation.
Las Vegas 
FYI/action
Rob Milnthorp
11/13/2000 08:55 AM
Dave, we have come up with a structure that creates approx a C$45MM tax loss 
to offset our year-end projected C$50MM Taxable Income position. By doing 
this, we avoid cutting the government a cheque for roughly C$20MM. It seems 
to me that we should be able to recognize that $20MM as gross margin. We are 
meeting with Wes on Tuesday to discuss further but I thought that I should 
keep you in the loop as it is a significant transaction that you may want on 
your radar screen for your discussions with Wes. 
Milnthorp
bredmon@ on 11/15/2000 06:37:21 AM
REDMOND,BRIAN L  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on REDMOND,BRIAN L  until you have 
approved the list.
jdonahu@ on 11/15/2000 01:31:22 PM
DONAHUE JR,JEFFREY M  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on DONAHUE JR,JEFFREY M  until you 
have approved the list.
myzagui@ on 11/15/2000 02:43:44 PM
YZAGUIRRE,MARIO M  has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on YZAGUIRRE,MARIO M  until you have 
approved the list.
Please take a minute and select your reviewers for the PRC process.
Thanks,
Kay
jalatorr@ on 11/14/2000 10:50:54 AM
ALATORRE,JAIME   has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your 
approval.  You may review/modify this list of reviewers by logging on to PEP 
at    and going to Supervisor Services.  Please 
remember, no feedback can be completed on ALATORRE,JAIME   until you have 
approved the list.
FYI/action re: DeMoes
Janet R Dietrich
11/13/2000 02:08 PM
My idea would be to confirm that appropriate due diligence has been done. Has 
the mid-year performance evaluation been reviewed? Has his two direct 
supervisors been contacted (Ozzie Pagan and Gil Muhl) for specific input into 
this? Once all this has been confirmed and everyone has agreed, you should 
make a decision to either re-deploy him to another area or offer him a 
severence package. 
My recommendation would be to have him in a coverage role in Southeast gas.
You guys need to manage this Janet R Dietrich
11/13/2000 02:32 PM
Hey guys. I'm hearing through the grapevine that we now have a new ENA 
Analyst trading program. Allegedly, phone calls are getting ready to go out 
from HR to offer these individuals a spot in the program and possibly a 
different compensation program along with it. Allegedly there are a couple 
"targeted" Analysts within Origination. 
What's up with this? If there is any truth to this we need to discuss. If 
not, please confirm so I can appropriately manage. 
Thanks much guys - much appreciate it.  Have a good new year.
Dave
Dave
This is the best I can get today - it includes all that are not EES - but I'm guessing that you have a fairly good feel for them.
Another health warning - this shows individuals who are still on the payroll - some of who I know have left the company ( eg. Jeff Shankman and Mike McConnell) 
I should be able to get you the EES information on Monday
Let me know if you need anything else.
Neil
Neil, per your request below, please see attached file.  As I mentioned, in our phone conversation, EES employees are not included in the report because I do not have access to them via Business Objects.  Please validate the report for accuracy.  Thanks 
tb
Tarsie
I've just had a call from Dave Delaineys for a list of all employees who are VP and above, still currently employed by Enron in the following business units.
EWS - including all sub business units
EBS
EES
Data to be included
Name , Job title, Peer group, business unit, department,  supervisor, supervisor title.
Please give me a call if you have any questions - he wuold like to get the file today 
Thanks
Neil
In order to ensure an orderly management of EES, vendor and customer issues, please ensure that ANY customer, UDC, LDC, pipeline or other similar default, triggering, security request or other document referencing EES or Enron contractual, security or termination/default issues be faxed to Karen Cordova at 713-646-8860.
This will be a central coordination point and all materials will be distributed to appropriate individuals for handling.
Thanks
Dick, thanks for the e-mail.  I don't think I disagree with any of the points you made and I do think we have come a long way over the last year in the DSM "technology" we employ.  Unfortunately, a lot of these changes in thinking, sales and cost structure are too little too late.  It is highly unlikely at this point that EES will exist beyond next week.  All the best in the future and I would like to personally thank you for your contribution, thought process and caring to the end to make your point.
Delainey
Dave, Janet, and Dan,
Before I think about where I could best apply my talents somewhere else I want to make sure you know why I (and all the other DSM developers) can bring value to you at EES.
If DSM is part of the future offering of EES I think it is absolutely essential that you have your own developers in house, both in the home office and the field offices.  They are the originators of DSM value.  There are no projects for the rest of the DSM team to evaluate and plan for until a developer puts it on the list in the first place.  I routinely make the decision on my own whether to include or discard projects that have NPVs over $1million each.  I think this should be seen as a key decision in our business process!
I think there has not been enough recognition at EES that DSM development is a creative activity.  Those lists of projects we price and implement can't be created by having a rookie go down a checklist.  The DSM engineers ask a lot of probing questions to find projects that will both save energy and be acceptable to the customer.  And the largest, most valuable projects take the most experience and creativity to discover.
There has been talk about outsourcing the development services in the past.  That can be done to a point but you need to have your own developers to teach the outsiders and evaluate their work.  I have worked on EES development efforts with outside consultants and they always need some time to catch on to our value proposition and our ways of processing information.
As you are thinking about the future of EES I want to make a sales pitch for keeping the team of DSM developers you have.  This has been my niche in life here at EES the past 3 years, and was the entire focus of my professional life for the 8 years before that.  I am a licensed Professional Engineer and a Certified Energy Manager.  I know what I am talking about--you have a very talented, experienced team that should be seen as a source of value and not just necessary overhead.
Most of your developers came from smaller organizations where we performed more functions--everything from cold sales calls, to report writing, to bookkeeping, to ordering office supplies and shoveling snow.  We can do it again!
Dick Rusk
.
fyi
Dick, thanks for the e-mail.  I don't think I disagree with any of the points you made and I do think we have come a long way over the last year in the DSM "technology" we employ.  Unfortunately, a lot of these changes in thinking, sales and cost structure are too little too late.  It is highly unlikely at this point that EES will exist beyond next week.  All the best in the future and I would like to personally thank you for your contribution, thought process and caring to the end to make your point.
Delainey
Dave, Janet, and Dan,
Before I think about where I could best apply my talents somewhere else I want to make sure you know why I (and all the other DSM developers) can bring value to you at EES.
If DSM is part of the future offering of EES I think it is absolutely essential that you have your own developers in house, both in the home office and the field offices.  They are the originators of DSM value.  There are no projects for the rest of the DSM team to evaluate and plan for until a developer puts it on the list in the first place.  I routinely make the decision on my own whether to include or discard projects that have NPVs over $1million each.  I think this should be seen as a key decision in our business process!
I think there has not been enough recognition at EES that DSM development is a creative activity.  Those lists of projects we price and implement can't be created by having a rookie go down a checklist.  The DSM engineers ask a lot of probing questions to find projects that will both save energy and be acceptable to the customer.  And the largest, most valuable projects take the most experience and creativity to discover.
There has been talk about outsourcing the development services in the past.  That can be done to a point but you need to have your own developers to teach the outsiders and evaluate their work.  I have worked on EES development efforts with outside consultants and they always need some time to catch on to our value proposition and our ways of processing information.
As you are thinking about the future of EES I want to make a sales pitch for keeping the team of DSM developers you have.  This has been my niche in life here at EES the past 3 years, and was the entire focus of my professional life for the 8 years before that.  I am a licensed Professional Engineer and a Certified Energy Manager.  I know what I am talking about--you have a very talented, experienced team that should be seen as a source of value and not just necessary overhead.
Most of your developers came from smaller organizations where we performed more functions--everything from cold sales calls, to report writing, to bookkeeping, to ordering office supplies and shoveling snow.  We can do it again!
Dick Rusk
.
Ray, as per your request see attached::
The bottom line we will need approximately $82M for the month of December in order to maintain an asset worth approximately $375M.  The vast majority 80%+ is prepaid energy which will be recovered from the customer.  It is highly likely that we will be able to sell this book. 
Ray, as per your request see attached::
The bottom line we will need approximately $82M for the month of December in order to maintain an asset worth approximately $375M.  The vast majority 80%+ is prepaid energy which will be recovered from the customer.  It is highly likely that we will be able to sell this book. 
Scott Potterack
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
One Seagate
Toledo, OH 43666
419.247.1982
419.247.1014 fax
scott.potterack@owens-ill.com
from root@localhost
(reason: 550 5.1.1  
... while talking to mailman.enron.com.:
Final-Recipient: rfc822; david.delaine@
Action: failed
Status: 5.1.1
Remote-MTA: DNS; mailman.enron.com
Based on confirmation by Tony Valenzuela that the Enron - Dynergy merger will
not occur as suggested in your memo of November 20, 2001, I am concerned about
your company's ability to perform under our Commodity Management Agreement
(CMA) dated January 6, 2001.
Accordingly, please:
1. prove to me that the utility accounts for which your company provides bill
payment services are current and utility invoices for the October month
business have been paid and there are no amounts in arrears,
2. prove to me that natural gas deliveries were properly made for November,
2001  into the citygates of the local distribution companies which service the
natural gas accounts listed in the CMA,
3. Prove to me that natural gas deliveries will be properly made for December,
2001  into the citygates of the local distribution companies which service the
natural gas accounts listed in the CMA.
Please provide this information by the end of this week so that we are
comfortable that our agreement is in proper working order for the month of
December, 2001.
Thank you.
Scott Potterack
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
One Seagate
Toledo, OH 43666
419.247.1982
419.247.1014 fax
scott.potterack@owens-ill.com
Guys, it would be great to be able to go off-site in two different locations for these guys but given the fact I had to personally buy the paper for copying the termination packages, I don't think there any funds to spend.  Perhaps there are empty offices in 3 Allen.  Please look into.  Either way we need to ensure that these guys are fairly well seperated.  I am waiting for a confidentiality from Calpine and AEP this AM.
Delainey
ok to pay
Court would have to approve any reduction or significant change that we would do outside the normal course of business - short answer probably no on the non-compete otherwise we are down to 100 people have at it.
Delainey
Took a call from Bill Cronin at New Power  today. He requested that they be able to deal with commercial customers that were off limits before, ie medium commercial or large commercial. He also mentioned that they may have an interesty in some of the people. Any thoughts?
Rick
NERCO is waiting 
Ray, in EES, the Construction Services (also known as EFS) companies operate on a stand alone basis from Enron and have clear liquidation value to the parents - EES and Enron Corp.  It is my opinion that we should be trying to "un-buckle" these companies from Enron over the short term to ensure their continued viablility as we find a sale.  In my view un-buckling means a) stop the factoring of any Construction Services receivables that end up moving cash out of Construction Services up into the parents; b) utilizing those receivables plus, if necessary, Enron's interest in Construction Services to obtain sufficient collateral to renew the St. Paul surety bond.  This surety bond is necessary to continue contracting; and c) terminate the sweeping of cash from Construction Services bank accounts to Corp immediately.  There will be a meeting early next week with St Paul to renew the surety bond.  I am hopeful that meeting these conditions will be enough to reinstate the surety bond.  The Construction Services group employs approximately 2,600 people and is worth (given current backlog) between $100 and $125 million dollars.  Mark and his team are actively trying to sell over the next 60 to 90 days and we control 100% of the stock of this company.
The other part half of the former EFS is the Facility Services group (also know as ServiceCo). Again, these companies largely operate independently of Enron and have going concern value outside of Enron.  Currently, we have outside technology and financial partners in the Facility Services Groups that make it impossible to factor receivables or move cash out of Facility Services bank accounts without the approval of the board which includes several outside directors.  We currently own approximately 85% of the firm that employs approximately 1,400 people and is worth minimum $50 million dollars (cash value).  Mark and his team are actively trying to sell or otherwise dispose over the next 60 to 90 days.
EES also manages several joint ventures (DSM and O&M related mostly) with customers where we would have to have outside approvals to move cash out of these entities. These include Owens Corning Energy LLC (Owens Corning), LE Hesten Energy LLC (Lily), Tenant Services Inc. (Simon Properties), EBC Property LLC and Enron Distributed Energy Services LLC.  In all cases, we need to be observant of corporate governance issues with these entities.
As officers, I thought it prudent to ensure that you and your team had all available information.  I would also like your approval to move forward with my recommendations for the Construction Services group as above.
We appreciate everything you are doing.
Dave Delainey
Where are you DSM boy?
DWD
NERCO is waiting 
DWD
I am now officially a Blackberry addict 
DWD
What's up
Dave, Scott and I were speaking with Rob this morning on a number of issues and concluded that it might be a good idea to have a video conference late this week (maybe Thursday afternoon) to discuss the future of the Enron Direct businesses in North America.
Could I ask that Kay set this up?
Darren
Thanks Mike - you can contact me at my Enron number for the next couple of months otherwise at 713-592-9723.
Thxs
Dave
Dave,
Thanks for stopping by today.  I've enjoyed working with you.  You're an outstanding leader, and I don't say that lightly.  It's disappointing that we won't finish what we've started.  However, I'm confident this will work out for the best.
Below is my contact information.  If you can provide me with your contact information, I'd like to take you up on your offer to be a reference...I'll use it judiciously.
If you need someone down the road that is dedicated, capable and will get the job done, please keep me in mind.
Have a great holiday.
,
Mike Harris
3921 Tennyson
Houston, TX 77005
(713) 667-8754
mharris4@houston.rr.com  
Thanks Mike - you can contact me at my Enron number for the next couple of months otherwise at 713-592-9723.
Thxs
Dave
Dave,
Thanks for stopping by today.  I've enjoyed working with you.  You're an outstanding leader, and I don't say that lightly.  It's disappointing that we won't finish what we've started.  However, I'm confident this will work out for the best.
Below is my contact information.  If you can provide me with your contact information, I'd like to take you up on your offer to be a reference...I'll use it judiciously.
If you need someone down the road that is dedicated, capable and will get the job done, please keep me in mind.
Have a great holiday.
,
Mike Harris
3921 Tennyson
Houston, TX 77005
(713) 667-8754
mharris4@houston.rr.com  
Peter, I do not have a contact at RWE but if you need a reference let me know.  You can continue to contact me at my Enron phone over the next several weeks.
Best of luck
Dave
Dave, I only stopped by to see if you have any strong contacts within RWE.  I may have an opportunity there and would appreciate your help.  Please let me know if you do, advise the name and I'll take it from there.
Thanks much for your support and confidence over the past few months.  It's done a lot for the Lilly relationship. Your organizational skills and gift for plain talk have inspired confidence. It's been fun.
Sincerely,
Peter
X5 4520
C 713/302 7359
H 713/526 7774
pdalessandro@houston.rr.com
Peter, I don't have any contacts at RWE; however, if you need a reference do not hesitate to give me a call. I will be at the Enron number for the next several weeks.
All the best in the future.
Delainey
Dave, I only stopped by to see if you have any strong contacts within RWE.  I may have an opportunity there and would appreciate your help.  Please let me know if you do, advise the name and I'll take it from there.
Thanks much for your support and confidence over the past few months.  It's done a lot for the Lilly relationship. Your organizational skills and gift for plain talk have inspired confidence. It's been fun.
Sincerely,
Peter
X5 4520
C 713/302 7359
H 713/526 7774
pdalessandro@houston.rr.com
pls approve
ok
fyi
That sounds reasonable.  We will have to talk to the people 
Guys, it has come to my attention that there is some discussion to move critical retail risk management and structuring personnel (Rogers Herndon, Dale Furrow, Don Black, Bernie Aucoin, Edith Cross, etc) into NETCO before complete discharge of duties from the retail organization.  It is my expectation that this discharge will not occur until the all EES retail risk contracts are valued and discharged (termination or sale) in an orderly fashion that maximizes value to the estate.  After completion of this effort, these people will be available to the corporation to move to whatever effort you deem appropriate.  I would expect this to take the next four weeks.
Thanks
Dave Delainey
Thanks
That sounds reasonable.  We will have to talk to the people 
Guys, it has come to my attention that there is some discussion to move critical retail risk management and structuring personnel (Rogers Herndon, Dale Furrow, Don Black, Bernie Aucoin, Edith Cross, etc) into NETCO before complete discharge of duties from the retail organization.  It is my expectation that this discharge will not occur until the all EES retail risk contracts are valued and discharged (termination or sale) in an orderly fashion that maximizes value to the estate.  After completion of this effort, these people will be available to the corporation to move to whatever effort you deem appropriate.  I would expect this to take the next four weeks.
Thanks
Dave Delainey
Hang in there guys 
I'll come have a beer with you guys later. Let me know where you might be.
Dave
thxs
i will check on this.
Guys, it has come to my attention that there is some discussion to move critical retail risk management and structuring personnel (Rogers Herndon, Dale Furrow, Don Black, Bernie Aucoin, Edith Cross, etc) into NETCO before complete discharge of duties from the retail organization.  It is my expectation that this discharge will not occur until the all EES retail risk contracts are valued and discharged (termination or sale) in an orderly fashion that maximizes value to the estate.  After completion of this effort, these people will be available to the corporation to move to whatever effort you deem appropriate.  I would expect this to take the next four weeks.
Thanks
Dave Delainey
What's going on?
Dave
guys, please ensure that this is handled.
Delainey
Kimberly, I was laid off on Monday and have not had my latest expense report electronically deposited into the credit union.  I was assured by management that I would be paid.  The amount is 642.10.  I would think that this is the least enron could do for me since I have only worked for EES for 2 months  
Please ensure that my funds are deposited as soon as possible due to my current financial crisis.
Thank You,
Alan Timme
(713) 592-8535
Jen, probably done with ENE early in the new year and then determine next steps.  Take care.
Dave
Jen, no calls from Sempra - I hear San Diego is nice:)
dave
Dan, are you managing or do we need to discuss?
Delainey
FYI
We have presented the following customer counts to buyers, which are compared below against Beth and Shelly's numbers:
Count presented		Total Available (from Beth)		Shortfall
Texas			14,696			17,100				14%
New York		7,658			8,500				10%
Massach.		4,944			5,700				13%
The count presented to buyers came by utilizing the data in the sequel server database (maintained by Chris McCaig and Mary John) and the information in the RPS system (the booking batch files).  We are working with deal capture to determine the sources of discrepancies.
After receiving bids today, we will 1. determine to what extent we want to book and process remaininig deals, 2. develop a plan for developing the definitive mass market customer list.
Kevin
Just a quick update from Shelly and I on where we stand with processing all of the Mass Market contracts.  We will need more resources to process the remaining 6,000 contracts.  We estimate that it would take 12 people 1 week 
Texas  
We are aware of  approximately 18,000 contracts signed to date  -- of those approximately 900 were rejected for Credit and Data Issues - net contracts 17,100
6,000   completely processed and on hold at CSC
7,700   processed but not submitted to CSC
3,400   NEED TO BE Booked and processed  
17,100  Total available TX contracts
In order to process them  -- they need to be booked to the risk books (Deb  -- assume you can have someone work on this)  and then Shelly's team can validate and pull the extra data that is needed  -- ESID's and 4 digit zip code extensions.  They will also validate credit approval etc like usual.  May need additional people to find missing data like Mary John's team used to do.
The goal would be to have all of the data ready to tranfer to a buyer  -- so that they can quickly enroll these customers, and have a very clean list of contracts with corresponding values.
New York
We are aware of 9,200 contracts signed to date  -- of these 700 were rejected for a net remaining contrac number of 8,500.
5,600 completely processed and sent to CSC   (  x are already live and  y are on hold for enrollment) -- we are getting this breakdown now
1,400  processed but not submitted
1,500 NEED TO BE Booked and processed
8,500   total available NY contracts
Similar processing   -- these deals need to be accounted for  -- by booking them
Mass.
We are aware of 6,500 contracts signed to date  -- of those 800 were rejected leaving 5,700 contracts to be processed
4,500 completely processed and sent to CSC (x are already live and y are on hold for enrollment )  (we are getting this breakdown now)
200 more processed but not submitted
1,000  NEED TO BE Booked and processed
5,700   total available Mass.  contracts
Similar processing   -- these deals need to be accounted for  -- by booking them
We will need to either hire contractors or borrow staff from other business units to complete this processing.  We estimate that with 6 extra staff this effort would take 2 weeks.  We could cut that time in half with double the staff.  This does not include an estimate of time to book each transaction into RPS thru the batch process.
OK
Who are the authorized parties we are establishing for the new ServiceCo Holdings bank account.  I propose that the account have duel authorization from two of the following: Jimmie Williams and Dan Leff or Janet Dietrich.  Based on conversations with David Roland, we probably do not want to have the ServiceCo directors from Enron authorizing these items unless the ServiceCo BOD acts as a whole.  We need to make sure we continue to have separate controls for the ServiceCo accounts because of the fiduciary duties to the outside investors in ServiceCo.
Jimmie
Mary,
To be clear on what my understanding is of what Ray approved in his conversation with Dave Delainey:
1. A Frost Bank account will be opened for ServiceCo. Holdings Inc. first thing Thursday morning and all of ServiceCo. funds wherever they may be will be moved into this account.  It's my understanding that there is approximately $70MM in funds in various bank accounts, primarily Citibank;
2.  First thing Thursday morning we will stop sweeping any Enron Facility Services (EFS) bank account;
3.  Given that EFS' existing receipt accounts that you will stop sweeping are with Bank of America, I assume we want to set up a Frost account for EFS that they can redirect thier customers to remit to.
You can reach me in my office at 5-7464 or on my cell phone at 713-419-2498 if you have any questions, need any clarity or if any of the above will not be effective first thing in the morning.
Thanks
Wade
Jimmie, I assume that you and Tracey are formulating the options and populating the detailed financials on those options for the board meeting next week.  It would be great if we could see that a couple days in advance.
David, we should probably call a follow up board meeting for next Wednesday or Thursday.
Vicki, we need to speak about the board participation issues and the cash management issues discussed.
Delainey
Thanks Judy - you are doing the right things and it is important!
Dave
Michael;
Listed below are some specific answers to your questions.  In addition, please check the www.enron.com <  web site regularly for up-to-date Q & A.  You may also call me if you need further clarification.
1.  You will be receiving a termination letter and other information regarding your termination this week.
2.  You will receive pay for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday last week. This amount is included on a check that is being mailed to your home this week.
3.  Your termination letter will be the document that you can provide to your wife's employer to enroll in her benefit plan.  This same letter will facilitate an unemployment claim as well as providing documentation for a judge where you are to serve on jury duty
4.  Submitted and approved expenses are being processed.  Because there is a high-volume of requests, this is taking some time, and we are working as quickly as possible.
5.  Please send me a copy of your unpaid phone bill and I will forward it to accounts payable for processing.
Please feel free to contact me if you need further assistance or clarification.
Take Care
Judy Gray
Director of Human Resources
713.345.9375
Kay, please set up a meeting to discuss in detail the Lily transaction and next steps - tomorrow or the next day.
Delainey
Kalen/Dan, please provide guidance for Scott and let me know.
Scott, we are pretty much in a bind on most of this. I will see what we can do.
Delainey
resend with corrected email.
.  scott.
Dave and Janet - Greetings. 
In one of the recent FAQs/responses, I was reminded that the vesting requirement for the Cash Balance Plan is 5 years.  I was hired on 1feb97 and was laid off on 3dec01, just less than 2 months from being fully vested.  I am certain that there are others in the same position  
Further, I understand that the Cash Balance Plan is/was fully funded - i.e., the money was there in the account for all the employees on an on-going basis  
But for recent events, I, and many other Enron employees, would have achieved the full vesting for the cash balance plan.
So, we are faced with some options:
a) do nothing and maintain the status quo.  Result - loss of Cash Balance Plan.
b) round up from 4.5 years for any Enron employee.  Result - ability to realize the value of the Cash Balance Plan.
c) For administrative purposes only (i.e., no job, no salary, no other benefits), "re-hire" those laid off employees that have 4.5 years or more employment time until they achieve the 5 years vesting requirement for the Cash Balance Plan.  Comment - this option has the potential to be fairly thorny.
At any rate, I respectfully request that this issue be looked into.  I, and many other employees were hard-working and loyal.  I'd like to think that the Cash Balance Plan, something that many of us would have achieved but for recent events, will not be lost to us  
Tiiming is everything.
Again, and as I did on the last day, I wish you both well.  Best of luck.   .  Scott.
the knuckleheads still rule .... we are still here waiting 
Dave
Yo....plant man I'm stranded in NYC working on LavoCo...I want to go home or denver or vancover...how are things in planetvill 
Mike, I would agree with your point that we will be attempting to sell the services (DSM/O&M) currently provided by EES to Hensen LLC.  Other than a heads up to Jimmie given the potential effects to EBSI, I am assuming that you and Jeremy et al are managing the sale.  Given the amount of work in front of Jimmie around EFS generally (sale of ConstructionCo and restructuring of ServiceCo, I would hope not to overload Jimmie on another sale process.
Thoughts?
Delainey
Yesterday, it was decided that we attempt to sell the O&M portion of the EES contract with Eli Lilly.  This would include approx 250 employees that EBSI, through the contract, walked over to its payroll from Lilly 
This contract is material to EBSI.  Also it is likely that Lilly will oppose a sale of the agreement, accept to a friendly vendor relationship, Kite Development (which has previously expressed interest similar to Honeywell's below).   Please email me with a time we can chat.
Thanks
MM
Mike,
I am handling the sale of the Construction Services Group and we are evaluating ServiceCo alternatives.  From your message it appears they would not be interested in the construction side, but if they are we should speak with them soon.  Otherwise, it would be good to get a contact re: ServiceCo because there may be some things we are interested in selling from within ServiceCo.
Give me a call and we can decide how best to handle them at this time.
Jimmie
Kevin Gilligan, CEO of Honeywell's Home and Building Controls called with an interest in either contracts (parts of old GNO) or other operations, including Service Co.
If we have an interest let me know and I will hook you up and get out of the way or assist with your direction.  Gilligan reports to Honeywell CEO Larry Bossidy.
Michael Mann
Vice President
What are we doing with Rexam?
Delainey
Section 3.4.2 B allows EES to present a third party offer to REXAM, in lieu of our own supply, in order to preserve our performance under the contract while maintaining the price charged to the Customer (Rexam).  By allowing the Customer to acquire their own gas supply EES may be defaulting on its performance to supply gas.  Please let me know if we need to take any action in this case.
Jess
I received a call today from Jack Bender with Rexam aka American Can(GNO customer) that they are going to secure supply from another supplier for the Peoples and ONG LDC's. We lost all our supply on ONG 12/1 and are now out of storage on Peoples. They were notified by Peoples today that we were not serving them.They indicated they will forward me a copy of their contract with the new supplier as a FYI.
Jeff-Please confirm that our storage is now gone for December for Rexam's pool.
Joe
David, I am ok anytime next Wed or Thursday. Just let Kay know. Thxs
Delainey
Are each of you available at 1:00 p.m. next Thursday for the next ServiceCo Board meeting?  If not, please let me know your availability for next Wednesday and Thursday.  Once I get a time cleared with you, I'll then check with Tracy, Shael and Brad.
Thanks,
David
Jimmie, I assume that you and Tracey are formulating the options and populating the detailed financials on those options for the board meeting next week.  It would be great if we could see that a couple days in advance.
David, we should probably call a follow up board meeting for next Wednesday or Thursday.
Vicki, we need to speak about the board participation issues and the cash management issues discussed.
Delainey
Jimmie, agree; however, EES cannot immediately convey these agreements to EBSI as a sub-contractor permanently post bankruptcy. Under bankruptcy, we need to show an auction process.  In the cases, where EBSI has contracted directly with the client - I think we are ok.
Vicki please add some texture if required.
Delainey
Mike and I discussed, and I need to be involved only to the extent that there is a current subcontract agreement in place between EES and EBSI for the provision of these O&M services.  Since EBSI is owned by ServiceCo, we need to be careful in the handling of this subcontract as well as the employees.
Jimmie
Mike, I would agree with your point that we will be attempting to sell the services (DSM/O&M) currently provided by EES to Hensen LLC.  Other than a heads up to Jimmie given the potential effects to EBSI, I am assuming that you and Jeremy et al are managing the sale.  Given the amount of work in front of Jimmie around EFS generally (sale of ConstructionCo and restructuring of ServiceCo, I would hope not to overload Jimmie on another sale process.
Thoughts?
Delainey
Yesterday, it was decided that we attempt to sell the O&M portion of the EES contract with Eli Lilly.  This would include approx 250 employees that EBSI, through the contract, walked over to its payroll from Lilly 
This contract is material to EBSI.  Also it is likely that Lilly will oppose a sale of the agreement, accept to a friendly vendor relationship, Kite Development (which has previously expressed interest similar to Honeywell's below).   Please email me with a time we can chat.
Thanks
MM
Mike,
I am handling the sale of the Construction Services Group and we are evaluating ServiceCo alternatives.  From your message it appears they would not be interested in the construction side, but if they are we should speak with them soon.  Otherwise, it would be good to get a contact re: ServiceCo because there may be some things we are interested in selling from within ServiceCo.
Give me a call and we can decide how best to handle them at this time.
Jimmie
Kevin Gilligan, CEO of Honeywell's Home and Building Controls called with an interest in either contracts (parts of old GNO) or other operations, including Service Co.
If we have an interest let me know and I will hook you up and get out of the way or assist with your direction.  Gilligan reports to Honeywell CEO Larry Bossidy.
Michael Mann
Vice President
Dave/Janet
I received a letter from BP (a guy by the name of Bill Burden in Houston).  He expressed an interest in purchasing a wide variety of assets/contracts.  From the EES side, he was interested in the Texas power customers and the California gas and power customers.  According to the letter, BP submitted an indicative bid on the California power customers on 12/2 (it was sent to Angela Schwartz).  In addition, he is/was working with Don Black on the California gas customers.
Bill asked whether Angela is still around as he has not been able to get in touch with her.  If not, could you give me a new name.  What about Don Black?  Also, is there an appropriate point of contact for Texas power.
Please let me know how I should proceed and where we are in the process (I assume that we are considering selling these contracts/customers).
Thanks
Stuart
Guys, the plan,as I am currently aware:
a) Gas - as per our conversation this AM - press on;
b) Power - start with the California customers post June and the Enron Direct books;
c) follow on with the rest of the power book once we are getting traction on (b) above.
Thanks
Dave
Per our meeting this morning, here is a matrix of the action plans on contracts. We will continue to update everyone as we move forward on each item.
Thanks,
Jeremy
Vicki, I would have Janet, Dan, Jeremy, Scott.
Delainey
I would like to  get with you, Janet, Melanie and whomever else is appropriate to discuss our overall strategy relating to the  rejection or assumption of our contracts.  She has expressed concern that we need to make these decisions quickly, to cut off claims by our customers for post petition nonperformance.  We should go over our overall strategy with her  about our various contract buckets, especially how much longer we can continue serving customers where we are putting them in a penalty situation Melanie will be out of town Monday and Tuesday, so I am going to set this up for tomorrow.  Please let me know who else should attend. Thanks. 
Mark, .... starting to move.. have a few ideas .... the natives are restless... when are you returning to the mother ship?
Delainey
Don, can you go through your Canadian gas book and let me know all the positions and customers.  We are planning on putting Enron Energy Services Canada into bankruptcy and need to understand the contracts.
Delainey
Dave
I asked Scott to figure out the exposure of EESC to its contracts because I am trying to figure a way to structure the sale of EDCC to maximize the value to Corp.  If these numbers are right ECC is going to take a big bath on its 7.5 M note to EESC.  In addition, we need to put EESC down because its just bleeding cash and is a burden to ECC.  I think we should do it tomorrow and give Owings the heads up.
Cheers
Kyle
Gentlemen,
I know this information is very relevant, so want to get it to you even though I am uncomfortable with some of my assumptions.  I have done the best I can to calculate OCC's position in Eastern Canada.  Phone calls to Houston have mostly gone unanswered, and the contract wording is unclear.  Based on my new found knowledge of power utility tariffs, I have some bad news.  A snapshot of my estimated NPV:
($2,000,000)  Owens Corning Gas Position - estimated by Brian Gillis last month (sale at Ontario burner tip at AECO Index + Cdn$1.73/GJ until Sept 30, 2009 while Nova, TCPL and LDC demand, commod & fuel climbs to over $2.40 by 2005.
($4,500,000)  Owens Corning Alberta Position (Sale of approx. 9 MWh until April 2005 at Cdn$28/MWh in a $40 market)
(2,500,000)  Owens Corning Ontario Position (Sale of approx. 18MWh until January 1, 2003 at Cdn$41.33/MWh in a $48 market)
($9,000,000)  Liquidated damages potential
This compares with EES Houston's estimate of a net gain of over US$14 million.  I feel comfortable with the information, but continue to phone Houston to have someone review my assumptions with them.  Also, I was provided a position summary from EES's risk group, and was provided a Quaker Oats power position.  I flipped out when I saw it, and am now chasing it down as well.  Their risk group claim it is in the money by $2.5 million, which probably means under water by a similar amount.
T. Scott Campbell
Director
Enron Energy Services Canada Corp.
9th Floor
645 - 7th Avenue S.W.
Calgary, AB T2P 4G8
phone 403-663-2832
fax 403-663-2899
ok
I will leave each of you a voice mail regarding this as well, but due to a scheduling conflict for Shael Dolman,  we are proposing to reschedule the ServiceCo Board Meeting from  Thursday at 1:00 p.m. cst to Friday at 12:00 cst (10:00 a.m. pst).  Please let me or David Roland know your availability as soon as possible.  We have confirmed availability at this time for both Brad Jones and Shael Dolman.
Thanks,
Jimmie
I will leave each of you a voice mail regarding this as well, but due to a scheduling conflict for Shael Dolman,  we are proposing to reschedule the ServiceCo Board Meeting from  Thursday at 1:00 p.m. cst to Friday at 12:00 cst (10:00 a.m. pst).  Please let me or David Roland know your availability as soon as possible.  We have confirmed availability at this time for both Brad Jones and Shael Dolman.
Thanks,
Jimmie
thank you
Thought you'd like to see this 
The following corporations were dissolved December 19, 2001, prior to being organized.
ED2 Corp., co #1825-ED2
ED3 Corp., co #1826-ED3
ED4 Corp., co #1827-ED4
ED5 Corp., co #1828-ED5
ED6 Corp., co #1829-ED6
PLEASE NOTE:
Barbara Hankins - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail
Angie Ramirez - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail
Sylvia Hu - original evidence being delivered by messenger
Lillian R. Bailey
Administrator
Corp. Services
EB4863
Ext. 33577
Telephone 713/853-3577
Fax 713/646-8007
lillian.bailey@
Deborah, I have received your letter dated December 18, 2001 and I will ensure that you get a follow up.
To give you a little texture on the issues, all pre-petition expense statements (Dec 2, 2001) were frozen subject to an overall approval by the bankruptcy court on what could be paid. At this point, we have approval to pay up to $5K immediately and possibly up to $15K per pre-petition expense statement. This part of the bankruptcy process.  It is actually harder to get pre-petition expenses paid than post-petition.
Unless I have my facts wrong, you should have been paid already or are in the queue.
Either Kalen or Dan will follow up.  If not please give me a call at 713-853-3829.
Delainey
Deborah, I have received your letter dated December 18, 2001 and I will ensure that you get a follow up.
To give you a little texture on the issues, all pre-petition expense statements (Dec 2, 2001) were frozen subject to an overall approval by the bankruptcy court on what could be paid. At this point, we have approval to pay up to $5K immediately and possibly up to $15K per pre-petition expense statement. This part of the bankruptcy process.  It is actually harder to get pre-petition expenses paid than post-petition.
Unless I have my facts wrong, you should have been paid already or are in the queue.
Either Kalen or Dan will follow up.  If not please give me a call at 713-853-3829.
Delainey
No bid for the barges:)
Better technology in the market regardless of price - these puppies are going to be tough to move.
Delainey
I will track down more details this week  
Janet,
I read about our west coast C&I/retail power positions today in Chronicle.  Are we keeping these or selling them?  As I mentioned last week, if we keep them, we need to talk about the infrastruture that will be needed to serve these and our other west coast wholesale positions.
I will be around all this week 
Was quite familiar with these barges last year. Plan was to sell them and Sean Long was negotiating final doc's. Don't know why we wouldn't want to sell them. Brian Redmond was very involved here, so Don you may want to use him to help here 
Oz, where are you on the WIP DSM "buckets"?
Thxs 
Dave
Dave:
I met with Dave Whaley, Joe Earle and their group.  Project funding strategies are intrinsic to client management.  I will be following up with Dan to address same later today Thx
MM
Guys, the plan,as I am currently aware:
a) Gas - as per our conversation this AM - press on;
b) Power - start with the California customers post June and the Enron Direct books;
c) follow on with the rest of the power book once we are getting traction on (b) above.
Thanks
Dave
Per our meeting this morning, here is a matrix of the action plans on contracts. We will continue to update everyone as we move forward on each item.
Thanks,
Jeremy
Wade, you need to give George and Ray more texture ie) we lose $30M in value - in active sale mode that looks promising and we buy Enron ten days with New York ISO.
Been approved by Rogers Herndon (Risk) and Dave Delainey
Delainey 
Below in blue are the amounts related to each transfer. We also have a $680,000 payment to the NY ISO that has to go tonight as well if we don't we can't deliver to our NY customers, they return to utility service and we lose $30MM of value.  That wire request is on its.
Wade
Wade/Kim,
Fyi,
Thanks
John
This is our first request for running payments tonight.  Another message may come later.
Vendor 6000009346   Ryan Siurek	Document 100141239	Company 0011
Artemis1000000005   Artemis		Document 100005029	Company 0614 [Stubblefield, Wade]   - $5,000,000 
Document 100005728	Company 0614 [Stubblefield, Wade]   $100,000 
More to follow.
Judy Knepshield
Jeff, possible buyer. What are we doing with the NEPool Book - are we selling?
Delainey
I appologize, must have missed the "i" when I typed your name yesterday, as a P.S. to this note, Tony has been cleared by Lord John Brown to have these discussions
David,
Per my phone message, I have been informed through my friend at British Petroleum (Andrew Netemeyer, VP Electric Trading) that there has been an inquiry to Mr Frevert via voice mail by Mr. Tony Fountain (President, BP Energy) about wholesale issues and retail interests of Enron.  They appear to have some issues on the wholesale side to discuss but have significant interest in the retail books of business with EES and wish to discuss these with you asap..Andrew Netemeyer would bring a Mr. Bill Burton in their M&A department into the loop and I beleive they have already had some individuals assigned to due some due diligence if Enron will entertain the interest.  Mr Netemeyer's number is (281) 366-4998, and any assistance I can provide regarding introductions or relationship let me know, they have been considering the expansion of retail gas & power and the timing may be right  MVA
fyi
Chris - thanks.
Angela / Tim / Jeremy - yours to factor in.
Thanks - Dan
Sarah Barpoulis of PGE is interested in looking at the EES load in CA if it is for sale.  I am working with her on several assignment deals and she and her team are moving very fast 
PH: 301-280-6615
Per our conversation.  Jim
FYI; please take any action you deem appropriate.  Jim
Pat Brandt  Hi James:
My name is Pat Brandt and I work for the Legal Research Center ("LRC") in
Minneapolis.  As you may know, we are the nation's leading provider of
outsourced legal research and writing services.  Recently, we have entered
into a strategic business alliance with Integrity Interactive Corporation
("IIC"), to offer industry-leading, online compliance training - training
that could help Enron save millions in the event of a DOJ prosecution.
LRC's role in this alliance is to provide the legal research content for the
compliance courses and assist in the marketing and selling of the IIC
product.
You can view our compliance modules at work or home, as long as you have
access to the internet and a personal access code.  To receive an access
code or more information, please call (800-776-9377) or send me a reply
email.  Thank you for your time and have a great day!
Sincerely,
Patrick C. Brandt, Esq.
e-Compliance Sales Director
Legal Research Center
700 Midland Square
331 Second Avenue South
Minneapolis, MN 55401
pbrandt@lrci.com
Nancy, I have just returned to Houston from New York.  I have not seen the 
fax you mentioned.  Please call me or e-mail to me the information you need 
me to consider.  Thank you.  Jim
Randy, your proposal is fine by me.  Jim
I did not.  This is the first notice I have had of this matter.  Jim
Did you by any chance sign off on Justin's choice of Indian law firm?
Wade Cline@_DEVELOPMENT
11/30/2000 09:16 AM
Sandeep, 
Find out which firm Justin is discussing with. Hopefully, it is a "good" 
firm, both in terms of quality and absence of conflicts with what we've done 
in India to date. Let me know.
I hope Justin contacted someone in Enron legal with some experience in India 
before he hired a firm. Hopefully, he talked with you first, as this is 
common courtesy. Maybe he talked with Sarah G, and that would be fine also as 
she is generally aware of the Indian firms we use and don't use.
Wade:
Thank you for your quick response!
As I suspected, I was slow on the draw.  Justin Boyd with our London team has 
already directed a firm in India to start looking at these issues.
I'll forward your email to Justin, as he very well may want to coordinate 
some of this through Sandeep, if Sandeep has the capacity to help us out 
Thanks again for your help 
Travis McCullough
Wade Cline@_DEVELOPMENT
11/29/2000 05:38 PM
Sandeep Katwala is our general counsel in India, and he should be able to 
work with you and outside counsel on this. Sandeep -- since this is a bit of 
a rush, I would like for either you or perhaps Lena to work directly with 
Travis and outside counsel and try to get some quick answers. 
Thanks,
Wade
Wade:
I hope things are going well for you.  It was good to see you the other day I'm not even sure where you are right now, but I imagine that you are 
checking your e-mail, wherever you are.  I was hoping you could give us a 
little guidance on tracking down some Indian legal issues -- perhaps a 
reference to someone that could assist us.
Clickpaper.com is Enron's electronic  trading marketplace for pulp, paper and 
lumber products (including derivative products).  It is modeled after 
EnronOnline, but specializes in these commodities.  The team is in the 
process of registering customers around the world to access and trade on the 
Clickpaper website;  in keeping with the EOL business model, Clickpaper 
enters into access and trading agreements with every customer that govern 
their use of and trading on the site.
Those access and trading agreements are "jurisdiction specific" -- customized 
for the particular country in which the customer accessing the site is based 
-- in order to deal with jurisdiction-specific legal issues associated with 
accessing, or contracting via, the internet, financial trading, regulatory 
issues, etc 
The team has identified India as having a large number of potential 
customers, and is attending a trade show in New Delhi in early December, and 
they would like to be able to sign customers up at that trade show, or at the 
very least arrange to give them access to the site.  We therefore need to 
consult with legal counsel in India to identify any issues and prepare an 
apporpriate access and trading agreement.  EnronOnline has developed a due 
diligence checklist which is very helpful in describing our business model 
and raising specific legal issues that we are likely to encounter.
Could you refer me to in-house counsel or an outside firm that could assist 
us with this project on an expedited basis (isn't that always the case 
here)?  I would really appreciate any help you could give to us.
To the other  recipients of this message  -- I know that there are several 
people working on this project -- if you already have this project underway, 
please let Wade and I know so we aren't duplicating  your efforts.  Thanks. 
Travis McCullough
Congratulations on your new roles!  I look forward to congratulating you in 
person.  All the best,  Jim
Sent by: Enron Europe General Announcement@ECT
As a continuation of the integration of Enron Metals into Enron Europe we are 
pleased to announce the following organisational changes which become 
effective immediately.
Tom McKeever, presently Chairman of Enron Metals will move into the role of 
Vice Chairman Enron Europe reporting directly to John Sherriff and Michael 
Brown.  Tom will focus on developing our key senior business relationships 
across all of Enron Europe.
Joe Gold will become President of Enron Metals responsible for the entire 
organization.  We will announce Joe's replacement for managing our trading 
and origination efforts on the Continent in the near future.
Michael Farmer and Michael Hutchinson will continue in their roles managing 
the Metals's Merchanting and Financial Trading businesses respectively.
Please join us in congratulating Tom and Joe on their new roles.
From the Enron Europe Office of the Chairman
Kelly, this is fine.  Jim
Kelly Johnson
11/29/2000 08:20 AM
Mr. Derrick, the next meeting of the Enron Corp. Board of Directors will be 
held on December 12th. Please review the list of Officers for your 
department. If you approve as writtten, please let us know no later December 
4th. Thanks, Kelly
Name	Title
James V. Derrick, Jr.	Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Rebecca C. Carter	Senior Vice President, Board Communications and Secretary
Robert H. Walls, Jr.	Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel
Rex R. Rogers	Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
John, I believe your message was sent to me by mistake.  I am returning it to 
you.  Jim
John M Belew @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/29/2000 12:28 AM
Please e-mail my ID number to me - I am in India and will be here past the 
deadline.
Thanks,
John
Dick, I believe your message was sent to me by mistake.  I am returning it to=20
you.  Jim
Dick Westfahl @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 11/22/2000 10:04:49 AM
Please provide me with my ID and password to make my election.
Thanks,
Dick Westfahl
=09Executive Compensation@
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements@
=0911/14/2000 07:17 PM
=09=09=20
=20
Good news!  Deferral program enrollment begins Wednesday, November 15, 2000. =20
Enron's Bonus Stock Option and Bonus Phantom Stock Programs provide you with=20
an opportunity to receive stock options and phantom stock in lieu of all or a=20
portion of the cash bonus you may receive during 2001.   To make enrollment=20
even more convenient for you, this year's deferral program information is=20
available on eHRonline. =20
To learn more about your deferral program opportunities and to enroll for=20
2001 deferrals, access eHRonline at    (Call the=20
ISC Help Desk at 713-345-4727 if you need your ID or password to access the=20
system.)
1. Review the program descriptions (attached to the Election Form) before you=20
make your elections.
2. If you decide to defer compensation, complete the Election Form before=20
Friday, December 8,  2000 (the enrollment deadline).
3. Print your 2001 Election Form and Confirmation Statement right from the=20
web site and you=01,re   finished!=20
Sound easy?  It is!
DEFERRAL ENROLLMENT 2001--ADDED VALUE FOR YOUR FUTURE
FYI
Diamond, enjoyed lunch. Here is the rest of the e-mail.  Joe
Find out more about SCIENTECH'S most popular competitive tools, including
the Mergers and Acquisitions and E-Commerce InfoGrids at:
or call Chris Vigil (505) 244-7605
Reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day. Your
company can schedule a sponsorship of IssueAlert by contacting Nancy Spring
at nspring@scientech.com or (505)244-7613. Advertising opportunities are
also available on our website.
Rumors of Eni / Enron Merger Abound, Despite Denials from Eni
By: Will McNamara, Director, Electric Industry Analysis
Eni, the Italian oil and gas group, is expected to complete the sale of
its Italian property interests next week as part of its strategy to focus
on its core activities of natural-gas and oil production. Vittorio Mincato,
Eni's chief executive, confirmed that the group is on the verge of
finalizing
the sale of its Immobiliare Metanopoli property subsidiary (Eni's real
estate company) with assets valued between $856 million and $1.3 billion.
Eni's decision to divest its property assets has been viewed by many
observers
of the company as an attempt to release funds to facilitate a merger with
another company. Enron Corp. has been among those on a rumored short list
of merger prospects for Eni.
ANALYSIS: Is the foundation being established for a mega-merger between
Eni and Enron? It is not too difficult to formulate a theoretical argument
in that direction.
Eni is Italy's state-owned, multi-faceted energy company, operating in
the oil and gas, power generation, petrochemicals, oilfield services, and
engineering industries. The company has a market capitalization of about
47 billion euros (approximately $40 billion), is present in over 70
countries
and produces more than one million barrels of oil equivalent a day. Across
the European energy market-which once it has fully privatized will represent
an arguably larger market than the United States-Eni is unquestionably
one of the Continent's leading champions.
Illustrating this point, Eni has taken several important steps within Europe
to, as it says, "play an increasingly important role" in the Continent's
competitive energy market. For instance, earlier this month, Eni inked
a deal to sell 2 billion cubic meters of natural gas to Gaz de France.
This deal followed a previous agreement in which Eni agreed to sell 4
billion
cubic meters of natural gas to Italy's largest private energy supplier,
Edison. With both agreements, Eni has given a substantial kick start to
the opening of the European natural-gas market. CEO Mincato has said that
Eni would recoup the losses made by giving up its market hold in Italy
by "focusing on international markets."
One move that Eni has made outside of Europe also came earlier this month.
Eni made a bid for Australia's Petroz NL, which wields an 8.25 percent
stake in Bayu-Undan, the giant gas and liquids project located off the
northern coast of Australia. Eni already owns 6.7 percent of Bayu-Undan
and apparently is attempting to gain a majority ownership over the project.
It is no wonder why-the Bayu-Undan field has recoverable reserves of 400
million barrels of liquefied petroleum gas and gas reserves of 3.4 trillion
cubic feet. Petroz has not yet accepted Eni's offer, but a favorable
decision
is expected shortly. Thus, whatever Eni may be divesting in Italy it is
trying to regain in other key areas of the world. In fact, Mincato recently
confirmed that Eni plans to increase its daily output of oil from a current
level of 1.2 million barrels to 1.5 million barrels by 2003.
Moreover, Eni has been making aggressive attempts at expansion, both within
Europe and beyond. Along with that expansion comes the development of merger
strategy. Eni does not want to be left as a target for a takeover, which
could be a strong possibility given its recent divestitures and the fact
that its profits remain strong. Net income for the company for the first
half of 2000 was 2,606 millions of euros (equivalent to approximately $2.2
billion), representing a 119-percent increase. Eni is largely considered
one of the best buys among the big oil stocks, but it would rather merge
with an equal partner than be sold to another company. As consolidation
of the oil industry continues, Eni reportedly believes that the only way
to remain a top player is to marry an equally large player on the world
stage.
Enron may be at the top of Eni's list of merger partners. Negotiations
with Spain's largest oil company, Repsol, appear to have stalled, as was
confirmed when Mincato stated that any "link-up with Repsol would not be
a merger of equals." French oil company TotalFina is also interested, but
is preoccupied with its own acquisition of fellow French oil company Elf.
Other companies that have been mentioned include Conoco and Phillips
Petroleum.
It is quite obvious that Eni's merger prospects are predominantly oil
companies,
which is quite clearly the company's intention. Thus, it may seem odd that
Enron is also included as a top prospect. Enron, while unquestionably a
world player, is known for its unorthodox approach to hard assets. Put
succinctly, Enron believes that it doesn't need to own physical assets
in order to be a major player, but rather it only needs to rely on strategic
contractual agreements.
However, if Eni wants to continue to expand globally, it arguably could
not find a better partner than Enron, generally considered North America's
biggest buyer and seller of electricity and natural gas. Enron's gas trading
and distribution activities in particular-along with its electricity
production,
raw material trading and broadband expansion-would all appear to be good
compliments to Eni's portfolio. Reports of talks between the two companies
first appeared in the Italian financial paper iL Sole 24 Ore, based on
input from an unnamed source. The report indicated that Enron is being
targeted by Eni for an equity partnership or even a full merger. Mincato,
as recently as Tuesday of this week, continues to adamantly deny that any
deal with Enron is being studied.
Not surprisingly, Enron is remaining mum on the rumors and has not even
mentioned Eni in any recent disclosures. However, the incorporation of
Eni's power production portfolio would support Enron's expansion into new
markets such as Japan, for example. Back in March, the Japanese government
began allowing non-utility firms to supply power to industrial and
commercial
end-users. Almost simultaneously, Enron established a new subsidiary, Enron
Japan Corp., to capitalize on new opportunities in the country. Enron
Japan's
first offer is a 10-percent discount off current electricity prices for
customers who sign on with Enron for two to four years. Operating against
its North American strategy, Enron also plans to build a power station
in northern Japan, beating to the punch several of its key rivals, including
Vivendi, Texaco and Royal Dutch Shell, which also have expressed interest
in establishing operations in the country.
Enron's proposed power plant should give the company prime access to
companies
in the Tohoku and Kanto regions, as well as Tokyo, the "big catch" of the
Japanese market. In my opinion, herein lies the primary synergy that would
make the partnership between Eni and Enron a strategic step for both
companies.
As Eni attempts to position itself in various key markets, Japan seems
like a natural location, and I've seen no reports that indicate Eni is
moving into Japan on its own. The fact that Enron is already there, along
with most other lucrative international markets, must certainly be appealing
to Eni. Regarding Enron's perspective on any potential partnering, Eni's
substantial oil and natural-gas generation assets, along with its current
lock on the European market, must be very attractive.
Enron's current market capitalization is about $48 billion, which actually
makes it larger than Eni. This raises the question of which company would
be the buying partner if a merger were to indeed take place. All of the
rumors flying around currently speak of Eni pursuing Enron, but it could
just as easily be the other way around. Those of us who follow Enron closely
may find it hard to believe that the powerhouse company would ever be the
target for a takeover or even a merger. In any case, the rumors continue
to fly as Eni responds to claims of "thou doth protest too much." Whether
or not any such merger between Eni and Enron, which appears smart on paper,
will materialize remains to be seen. However, it certainly seems like Eni
is lining up its chess pieces to cement some kind of partnership in the
very near future.
to complex problems, our experts and consultants will get results. Learn
more about our six service areas at:
SCIENTECH is pleased to provide you with your free, daily IssueAlert. Let
us know if we can help you with in-depth analyses or any other SCIENTECH
information products. If you would like to refer a colleague to receive
our free, daily IssueAlerts, please reply to this email and include their
full name and email address or register directly at:
Sincerely,
Will McNamara
Director, Electric Industry Analysis
wmcnamara@scientech.com
wmcnamara@scientech.com
SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are compiled based on independent analysis by
SCIENTECH
consultants.  The opinions expressed in SCIENTECH's IssueAlerts are not
intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed or to
be the basis for investment decisions of any kind.  SCIENTECH's sole purpose
in publishing its IssueAlerts is to offer an independent perspective
regarding
the key events occurring in the energy industry, based on its long-standing
reputation as an expert on energy and telecommunications issues.
If you do not wish to receive any further IssueAlerts from SCIENTECH, please
reply to this message and type "delete" in the subject line.
++++++ Please respond to this next week.  Thank you.
Invitation
Chairperson: Linda S Trevino
Start: 12/11/2000 10:00 AM
End: 12/11/2000 11:00 AM
Description: Trojan Nuclear Plant, Contract with BNFL
Ann Ballard/Corp/Enron@
dave_aamodt@pgn.com
James Derrick/Corp/Enron@
Larry.L.Izzo@
Mark Metts/NA/Enron@
mary_trosper@pgn.com
Mitchell Taylor/Corp/Enron@
peggy_fowler@pgn.com
stephen_quennoz@pgn.com
reicken@
Detailed description:
Jack Urquhart has requested a Conference Call be placed during the week of 
December 11th to discuss the current Contract with British Nuclear Fuels and 
the Trojan decommissioning.  This conference call should last for 
approximately one hour 
Please advise the date and time you are available during that week via email 
to linda.s.trevino@, or if you prefer, I can be reached at (713) 
853-7223.
Thank you,
Linda S. Trevino
Shannon, thank's for the reply.  I'm currently out of the state.  I return 
Monday night and leave again on Friday for a couple of days.  Perhaps we can 
touch base on Tuesday or Wednesay of next week and find a date that works for 
everyone.  Jim
FYI
Linda S Trevino
12/01/2000 04:08 PM
If you have already answered this request, please disregard.
In case you do not have a calendar, the following was emailed:
Jack Urquhart has requested a Conference Call be placed during the week of 
December 11th to discuss the current contract with British Nuclear Fuels and 
the Trojan decommissioning.  This conference should last for approximately 
one hour.
Please advise the date and time you are available during that week via email 
to linda.s.trevino@, or if you prefer, I can be reached at (713) 
853-7223.
Thank you,
Linda Trevino
John, I think Stan would be fine.  Please call Vince Buckley at Locke Liddell 
with the request to involve Stan.  Jim
Jim,                      Corporate Aviation has been intructed by the Office 
of the Chairman to sell three of its aircraft.  At least one sales will occur 
in the 4th quarter of 2000.  Any sale not completed in the 4th quarter  will 
probably close in the 1st or 2nd quarter of 2001.  The aircraft to be sold  
are currently in structured finance transactions that will need to be 
unwound.  It is my understanding that Stan Pieringer of Locke Liddell & Sapp 
helped put together two of the three transactions that need to be unwound and 
is otherwise familiar with structures of this nature.           In order to 
accomplish the unwinding of the transactions, I believe it is appropriate to 
engage outside counsel.  Given Stan Pieringer's faimiliarty with the type of 
structures to be unwound, I recommend engaging him and his firm for the 
project.   Please advise if engaging Stan Pieringer and Locke Liddell is 
acceptable.
Tom, I'm struggling to keep from becoming a triple digit.  All the best.  Jim
Tom McKeever
12/02/2000 12:18 PM
Thanks for the kind words. Are you a single digit yet?  ,  Tom
John, in light of the support that she has from you, Randy, and Rob, I am ok 
with your proposal.  Jim
Stephanie Harris
12/02/2000 10:51 AM
John Novak
12/01/2000 04:23 PM
Stephanie -- Just in case this didn't make it to Jim, can you please pass 
this along?  Thanks.
John Novak
11/30/2000 10:25 AM
Jim: 
Celina Ozorio is a paralegal in the Rio office who has performed very well 
this past year and who we would like recommend for promotion to a junior 
attorney (Attorney I) position.  I have discussed this with both Randy and 
Rob and they support this move 
Celina is a Brazilian-qualified lawyer with a U.S. LLM who was hired a year 
ago as a paralegal rather than as an attorney due to her relative lack of law 
firm experience.  During the past year she has been enthusiastic in pursuing 
her professional development and demonstrating her capabilites as a 
professional.  She has actively sought out opportunities to take on more 
responsibility and to learn more about our business and has worked very hard 
to win the confidence of the lawyers and clients with whom she works.  We 
believe that she has demonstrated the ability to operate at the junior 
attorney level now and the potential to develop into a solid senior Enron 
attorney in the future.  As a junior attorney, she would continue to work 
under the supervision of more senior attorneys and would have the opportunity 
to continue her professional development 
I understand that we have done this elsewhere in the Company and believe that 
it sends the right message to others in the department that there are 
opportunities for advancement and that hard work and merit are rewarded.
Please let me know how you feel about this recommendation and whether you 
think it would be appropriate for us to schedule her to visit with you in 
Houston.  Thanks.
,
John
Tom, the memo is fine, but before sending it we need to get confirmation from 
John Beckworth or Mike Perrin that Senator Bentsen will be able to attend the 
dinner at which the award will be given.  I left messages for John and Mike 
last Friday.  Jim
Tom Henninger  Hello, Mr. Derrick--Nancy asked that I send you this draft memo for your
review/approval.  Please let me know if you have difficulty opening it
and/or what changes need to be made to it.  Thanks.
,
Tom
- Lifetime Achievement memo.doc
Sharon, if you have time to do so, I suggest you attend. Jim
Shawn Kilchrist
12/05/2000 02:12 PM
Would one of you like to attend?
Sharron Westbrook
12/05/2000 11:21 AM
We have scheduled a prep-meeting for the Audit Committee Meeting.  This 
meeting will be in Rick Causey's office (EB5023)  at 10:00 am Friday, 
December 8.
FYI
Diamond, if you want to forward Jimmy's info directly to Ray his address is
3700 Trammell Crow Center, 2001 Ross Avenue  Dallas Texas 75201-2975 . His
phone number is 214-220-7922.  Joe
Joe:
I just returned to town and picked up your message re Enron General
Counsel's son and SMU. I am going to Washington early in the morning,
returning Wednesday evening.
I would be delighted to send a letter of recommendation to SMU Law School.
As a member of the School's Board of Visitors, I have had some success with
admissions, and would be happy try to help here. If he will send me a copy
of his college summary, I will prepare a letter and send it this week.
Hopefully, it will help. As you know, SMU is a long-time client, and Kay and
I, as well as the Firm, are significant money contributors to the School.
.
Ray H.
++++++ Steve, I was delighted to receive the news of your being admitted to the 
Partnership.  Congratulations!  I'm very proud of you.  All the best.  Jim
Jeff, April 23rd is fine.  JIm
Jeff A Sokoloff  The Hyatt has just notifyed us that Monday, April 23, 2001 is available
for us to hold the Karen H. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon.  I want
to confirm  that this date still works for everyone.  Please respond asap
and let me know if we can go ahead with "booking" this date at the Hyatt.
Thank you.
Jeff Sokoloff
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
Jeff, April 23rd is fine. Jim
Jeff A Sokoloff  The Hyatt has just notifyed us that Monday, April 23, 2001 is available
for us to hold the Karen H. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon.  I want
to confirm  that this date still works for everyone.  Please respond asap
and let me know if we can go ahead with "booking" this date at the Hyatt.
Thank you.
Jeff Sokoloff
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
FYI  
Jim, in connection with your interest in identifying a top notch litigator
in California to look after Enron's interests in California, I would
recommend you consider David Balabian and Chris Hockett of the firm of
McCutchen Doyle Brown and Enerson LLP. McCutchen is a 300+ lawyer firm with
its main office in San Francisco and offices in Los Angles, Palo Alto and
Walnut Creek. The firm has a very strong reputation in major commercial
litigation (antitrust, securities fraud etc) and technical and IP
litigation. I believe ENA has worked with McCutchen in the past on some
power plant matters. Rob Walters has worked closely with Chris Hockett (who
I have also met) and has a very high opinion of his abilities. I concur that
Chris (a 40ish commercial litigator) is a very impressive individual. David
Balbanian, more senior than Chris, is apparently widely known as one of the
leading commercial litigators in  Northern California. Establishing a
relationship with David and Chris would give you the judgment and access I
assume you would want. Let me know if I can provide any additional
information.  Joe
( 
- David M. Balabanian.htm
- Christopher B. Hockett.htm
I would be happy to meet with him.
What do you think?
Christopher Allegaert  	12/06/2000 01:30 PM
Dear Rob:
I am going to be in Houston on business next week from Wednesday on.  I
wondered if there might be a convenient time to stop in to say hello and if
possible take you up on your offer of an introduction to Jim Derrick.  I
have a series of meetings downtown over the three days.  Any one could
easily be moved 
Thanks for your help.
Kindest 
Chris Allegaert
FYI
I understand that outside counsel selection is moving forward, but I wanted=20
you and Jim to know that we would be pleased to assist you and outside=20
counsel.=20
For example, through the San Juan Gas litigation, we have developed and have=20
in place the systems and personnel to manage massive document productions,=20
extensive pleadings files and indices, and plaintiff databases. These systems=20
have scanning, spreadsheet  and report capabilities. If any or all of these=20
tools could be of benefit to your team, please let me know.=20
=09Gay Arnold
=0912/06/2000 02:34 PM
=09=09=20
The following documents, received today by courier from CT Corp., have been=20
forwarded for your immediate review and consideration:
Case No. GIC758565 =01) Ruth Hendricks, et al. vs. Dynergy Power Marketing,=20
Inc., et al., including Enron Energy Services, Inc., Superior Court of=20
California, County of San Diego - Summons, Class Action Complaint, Civil Case=20
Cover Sheet, Notice of Case Assignment, Notice to Litigants; Service on Enron=20
Energy Services, Inc. (Enron Power Marketing, Inc. is being served=20
concurrently on this matter also)
IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THEM WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY, PLEASE ADVISE.
Tozzineiis fine by me.
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
12/06/2000 02:20 PM
Privileged and Confidential Attorney-Client Communication;  Attorney Work 
Product
We may need to file a suit this week or next to enjoin the signing of a gas 
supply agreement between Petrobras and Compagas.  As you know, Enron 
(Dutapar), Copel, and Petrobras are the three shareholders of Compagas Copel has as interest (along with El Paso) in the power plant which would use 
the gas.  A contract has already been signed between Compagas and the plant The Compagas Board votes on the agreement tomorrow.  The gas supply contract 
would have a 20-year term and would be worth $1.2 billion.  The ground for 
the suit would be that, under Brazilian law, Compagas is required to solicit 
bids for the gas supply arrangement.   Compagas has sought to justify not 
soliciting bids on the basis that Petrobras is the only supplier capable of 
supplying the gas.  This is incorrect:  Enron, among others, is also capable 
of supplying the gas.  We have a legal opinion supporting our position. and 
have called for a special shareholders' meeting to discuss the issue.  We 
anticipate that Petrobras and Copel, despite their obvious conflict of 
interest, will force the issue and will vote in favor of the agreement 
nonetheless. 
Tozzini Freire has been advising us, and is doing an excellent job.  If you 
approve, we would like to continue to use them if litigation is necessary 
Please call me or Randy with any comments or questions.
Thank you.
Marcus, I am ok with your proposed counsel selection.  All the best.  JIm
Marcus Nettelton
12/08/2000 05:22 PM
Jim
I would like to instruct the following firm in Bulgaria  Djingov Gouginski 
Kyutchukov & Velichkov, 10 Tsar Osvoboditel Blvd, 1000 Sofia to review the 
enforceability of a commercial representative agreement for Enron Metals Commodity Corp. Enron Europe Limited have recommended this firm. 
If you are uncomfortable with this firm please advise and I will seek out 
another, unless of course you have a preference for a particular firm in 
Bulgaria.
Many thanks.
Kind  
Marcus
Linda, I may not be able to participate in the December 14th conference 
call.  I do believe it is important that Robert Eickenroht participate along 
with Jack Urquhart.  Jim 
Al, thanks for the update.  All the best.  Jim
Jim, I need to apologize and confess I skipped the call this morning because
of an uncontrollable addiction to the Presidential election proceedings. 
David Boies and Barry Richards were just too much to pass up.  Sorry Not much here.  We settled the Beaver lease cases at the same price we paid
the other lessors and without any of their attorney fees.  Good result.  We
have FERC approval of the Sierra sale.  SEC looks good for Jan or Feb I am working with Richard Sanders and Robin Gibb on defense to the California
class actions We have a new offer from BNFL that will be the subject of a conference call
soon.  Looks like they will pay us about 75% of our damages to go away One new risk is the upcoming cold spell and very high Northwest prices.  This
will cost us a lot of money, possibly not recoverable from customers, and may
spread the litigation over high prices to the Northwest.  This could develop
as a risk to the Sierra sale in the extreme, but right now appears manageble. 
More on this as it develops.  The Enron litigation team is here on Monday and
we will cooperate on strategy and resources as prudent Finally, we have received a settlement offer on the Grant County case that
looks good and we are pursuing it.  Al.
FYI
Jim, I need to apologize and confess I skipped the call this morning because
of an uncontrollable addiction to the Presidential election proceedings. 
David Boies and Barry Richards were just too much to pass up.  Sorry Not much here.  We settled the Beaver lease cases at the same price we paid
the other lessors and without any of their attorney fees.  Good result.  We
have FERC approval of the Sierra sale.  SEC looks good for Jan or Feb I am working with Richard Sanders and Robin Gibb on defense to the California
class actions We have a new offer from BNFL that will be the subject of a conference call
soon.  Looks like they will pay us about 75% of our damages to go away One new risk is the upcoming cold spell and very high Northwest prices.  This
will cost us a lot of money, possibly not recoverable from customers, and may
spread the litigation over high prices to the Northwest.  This could develop
as a risk to the Sierra sale in the extreme, but right now appears manageble. 
More on this as it develops.  The Enron litigation team is here on Monday and
we will cooperate on strategy and resources as prudent Finally, we have received a settlement offer on the Grant County case that
looks good and we are pursuing it.  Al.
Ray, Joe Dilg has informed me of your very kind offer of assistance with 
regard to my son's (James V. Derrick III) interest in applying to  the SMU 
School of  Law; I am most grateful. SMU is his first choice.   We are 
currently working on his application and hope to get it to the school within 
the next ten days.  He  graduated from the University of Mississippi and is 
currently enrolled in a university in Madrid, Spain studying Spanish. I will 
send you a copy of his application as soon as it is completed.  All the 
best.  Jim  
Marc, I know of no relationship with this firm, but I will canvas the GCs and 
inform you of any relationship we discover.  Jim
Marc Manly@EES
12/07/2000 12:14 PM
Jim:  please see the attached, from Joe Halprin.  Does the Enron family have 
any relationships with the Klett Rooney law firm that we should bring to 
their attention?  In all events, please be aware that they are taking a 
particularly adverse position.  Thanks.  Marc
Marc:  In connection with a dispute regarding a commercial arrangement 
between NewPower and Campus Dimensions, Inc. (also known as College Credit 
Card Corporation), Campus Dimensions, Inc. ("CDI") has engaged the law firm 
Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling - headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA - to 
represent them against NewPower.  Klett Rooney has conducted themselves in a 
fashion that I would consider to be particularly unreasonable.  I would like 
to know if Enron has a relationship with Klett Rooney or CDI. If they do, I 
would recommend that the firm be removed from further engagements. Thanks.
Joe Halprin
The New Power Company
10 Glenville Street
Greenwich, CT 06831
p: 203-531-0400
f: 203-513-0404
e: jhalprin@newpower.com
Please let Marc Manly know of any relationship your group has with the firm 
mentioned below.  Thank you.  JIm
Marc Manly@EES
12/07/2000 12:14 PM
Jim:  please see the attached, from Joe Halprin.  Does the Enron family have 
any relationships with the Klett Rooney law firm that we should bring to 
their attention?  In all events, please be aware that they are taking a 
particularly adverse position.  Thanks.  Marc
Marc:  In connection with a dispute regarding a commercial arrangement 
between NewPower and Campus Dimensions, Inc. (also known as College Credit 
Card Corporation), Campus Dimensions, Inc. ("CDI") has engaged the law firm 
Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling - headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA - to 
represent them against NewPower.  Klett Rooney has conducted themselves in a 
fashion that I would consider to be particularly unreasonable.  I would like 
to know if Enron has a relationship with Klett Rooney or CDI. If they do, I 
would recommend that the firm be removed from further engagements. Thanks.
Joe Halprin
The New Power Company
10 Glenville Street
Greenwich, CT 06831
p: 203-531-0400
f: 203-513-0404
e: jhalprin@newpower.com
Stephanie Harris
11/08/2000 05:17 PM
=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements
=0911/08/2000 04:59 PM
=09=09=20
We are making a number of significant organizational changes.  These changes=20
are intended to accomplish four key objectives:
First, we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successful=20
business model developed over the last decade in North America and Europe. =20
This model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built=20
around a relatively small strategic asset position.
Second, we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting=20
relationships.  Particularly with Joe Sutton=01,s departure, the ability to=20
directly manage the day-to-day activities of 15 independent business units=20
has become increasingly difficult.
Third, we need to accomplish these changes without, in any way, compromising=20
the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or=20
hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower-yielding=20
asset positions.
And fourth, as always, we need to take advantage of the reorganization to=20
redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities.
ENRON WHOLESALE SERVICES
Today, we are forming Enron Wholesale Services (EWS) which will consolidate=20
our global wholesale businesses.  The closer alignment of our wholesale=20
businesses will accomplish the following: (1) enhanced communication and=20
coordination across business units, (2) more rapid deployment of people to=20
higher valued opportunities, (3) more effective prioritization of=20
opportunities across the wholesale business, and (4) more rapid extension of=20
Enron=01,s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries and=20
markets.
Enron Wholesale Services will include our current North American, European=20
(including Japan and Australia), Global Markets, and Industrial Markets=20
operations, and will be expanded to include Enron=01,s Net Works business unit=20
as well as a new unit =01) Enron Global Assets.  In addition, Enron=01,s merchant=20
businesses outside of North America and Europe will be integrated into this=20
new structure as described below.
Mark Frevert, currently Chairman of each of our wholesale units, will assume=20
the role of Chairman and CEO of Enron Wholesale Services.  Greg Whalley,=20
currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Net Works, will join Mark in the Office=20
of the Chairman as President and Chief Operating Officer.
Providing further impetus for these organizational changes, several of our=20
international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadership=20
positions:
Rebecca McDonald, currently CEO of Enron APACHI, will join EWS as President=20
and CEO of Enron Global Assets. Enron Global Assets will have responsibility=20
for managing all of Enron=01,s existing energy asset portfolio outside of North=20
America and Europe.  Joining Rebecca in the Office of the Chairman as COO=20
will be Jim Hughes, currently COO of Enron APACHI.  Rebecca and Jim will=20
report to the EWS Office of the Chairman.
Sanjay Bhatnagar, currently CEO of Enron India, has joined EBS as CEO for the=20
Middle East and Asia region.  Sanjay will be responsible for building our=20
broadband business in this region and the current EBS team in this region=20
will report to Sanjay.  In this role, Sanjay will report to the EBS office of=20
the Chairman.  In addition, Sanjay will continue to remain responsible for=20
Enron=01,s wholesale energy business in India and will transition this business=20
into Enron Global Assets in the near future.
=20
Diomedes Christodoulou, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, has joined=20
EBS as Chief Commercial Officer.  Diomedes will be located in London and will=20
focus his origination activities on global opportunities, with near term=20
attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors.  Diomedes will report to=20
the EBS Office of the Chairman.
Jim Bannantine, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, will be joining EES=20
to lead EES=01, commercial efforts outside North America and Europe.  In order=20
to ensure a smooth transition for our South American businesses and to=20
facilitate our asset sales activities, Jim will remain in South America for=20
at least the next several months and continue to serve as CEO of Enron South=20
America.  Throughout the transition, Jim will report to Cliff Baxter and to=20
the Office of the Chairman of Enron Wholesale Services.  Following the=20
transition, Jim will join EES.
In addition to these changes in our international asset operations=20
activities, we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale=20
businesses and the commercial support functions:
Enron Net Works
Louise Kitchen will assume Greg=01,s previous responsibilities as President and=20
CEO of Enron Net Works, reporting into Mark and Greg. =20
Enron Americas
Concurrent with the transfer to Enron Global Assets of responsibility for=20
operating Enron=01,s South and Central America asset base, all trading,=20
marketing, and new asset development activities in these regions will report=20
into a new entity, Enron Americas.  Enron Americas will have responsibility=20
for all wholesale merchant businesses across North, Central and South=20
America.  Dave Delainey, President and CEO, and John Lavorato, Chief=20
Operating Officer will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron=20
Americas.
Enron Europe
The Enron Europe organization, which includes Enron=01,s businesses in Australia=20
and Japan, and Enron Metals, remains unchanged under the leadership of John=20
Sherriff, President and CEO, and Michael Brown, Chief Operating Officer.
Enron Global Markets
Enron Global Markets, under the leadership of Mike McConnell, President and=20
CEO, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer, will continue to have=20
responsibility for Enron=01,s Middle East and LNG operations.  With the=20
exception of Ecoelectrica in Puerto Rico, all operating power plants and=20
associated personnel in the Caribbean and Central America will transfer to=20
Enron Global Assets.  Enron Global Markets will also continue to manage the=20
commodity businesses in crude and products, coal, weather, insurance,=20
equities, interest rates, foreign exchange, and agricultural products.
Enron Industrial Markets
Enron Industrial Markets=01, organization, under the leadership of Jeff McMahon,=20
President & CEO, and Ray Bowen, Chief Operating Officer, remains unchanged.
Commercial Support for EWS
The commercial support functions for EWS will remain with, and be managed by,=20
the individual business units.  We are creating no incremental overhead in=20
the creation of EWS, and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more=20
efficient utilization and sharing of resources across EWS.
To this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across=20
EWS in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units.  These=20
newly defined roles are as follows:
Mid and Back Office Operations =01) Sally Beck will lead Mid and Back Office=20
Operations across EWS.  These services will become part of Enron Net Works,=20
with Sally reporting to Louise Kitchen and Rick Causey, Executive Vice=20
President and Chief Accounting Officer.  This alignment creates a coordinated=20
services organization with IT and e-commerce platforms to support the=20
wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these=20
services.  Mid and Back Office services for all commercial activities will=20
continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible=20
for specific commodities and/or geographic locations.
Legal =01) Mark Haedicke will serve in the role of General Counsel for EWS.
Regulatory and Government Affairs =01) This function will remain organized on a=20
regional basis.  Rick Shapiro will support all EWS businesses operating in=20
the Americas, and Mark Schroeder, who is based in London, will support all=20
European and Eastern Hemisphere operations.  Rick and Mark will also continue=20
to support all other Enron businesses operating in their respective regions=20
and will continue to report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President and Chief=20
of Staff.
Public Relations =01) This function is also organized primarily on a regional=20
basis.  Eric Thode will have responsibility for North American activity,=20
Enron Net Works, and Enron Industrial Markets.  Jackie Gentle will continue=20
in her role for Enron Europe (including Japan and Australia) and John Ambler=20
will have responsibility for activity outside North America and Europe as=20
well as providing support for Enron Global Markets and Enron Global Assets. =20
These individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship=20
to Mark Palmer, Vice President of Communications.
Business Analysis and Reporting =01) Wes Colwell will expand his role to cover=20
EWS reporting in addition to his current role in North America.
Attached for your review is an organization chart for Enron Wholesale=20
Services which summarizes the changes described here.  As this organization=20
continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes.
ENRON GLOBAL EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
AND ENRON WIND
As part of our company-wide initiative to examine our assets and investments=20
around the world, we are considering a variety of options with respect to=20
EGEP and EWC.  As a consequence, we are putting these businesses under Cliff=20
Baxter=01,s direction.  Jeff Sherrick, CEO of EGEP, and Jim Noles, CEO of Enron=20
Wind, will report to Cliff.
CORPORATE STAFF
We are consolidating the corporate staff functions: Human Resources,=20
Government Affairs, Public Relations/Communications and Administration.  In=20
that regard, Cindy Olson, Executive Vice President of Human Resources and=20
Community Relations, will report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President and=20
Chief of Staff.
COMMITTEE STRUCTURE
In light of the increased leadership opportunities created by Enron=01,s=20
growth, the Executive Committee will be expanded to include more of our=20
business unit leaders.  The primary role of this committee will continue to=20
be the communication of relevant information across Enron=01,s businesses and=20
the coordination of activities across those businesses.  We will also be=20
drawing on this group to lead company-wide initiatives such as the=20
performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses. =20
The Executive Committee membership is shown on the attached list.
We are also forming a new committee =01) the Enron Corporate Policy Committee. =20
This group will be responsible for overall corporate policy, personnel=20
management policy and corporate strategy.  The Enron Corporate Policy=20
Committee membership is also shown on the attached list.
We are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital to=20
our highest return opportunities.  Please join us in congratulating and=20
supporting all of these individuals in their new roles.
Jeff, I have an Enron Board of Directors Meeting that may extend until 
approximately 1:30 p.m., and I have another meeting that begins at 3 p.m.  We 
could meet in my office from 2 to 3 on that date.  If an hour is not 
sufficient, we would need to select another date.  All the best.  Jim
Jeff A Sokoloff  Jim,
Carrin asked me to see if you would be available to meet on Tuesday,
December 12 at 2 p.m.   We would meet downtown to begin discussing plans
for the Karen H. Susman Jurisprudence Award Luncheon, now confirmed for
Monday, April 23, 2001.
Jeff Sokoloff
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
FYI
Marty Keyser@EES
12/09/2000 08:24 AM
Vicki:  I am familiar with the firm, but we have never used them to represent 
any of the EFS companies to my knowledge.  I am certain that we do not have 
any current matters with this firm.  You will note that they do not appear on 
our list of approved counsel.  We typically use Reed Smith in Pittsburgh.
I do know some people at this firm if I can be of any assistance.  I went to 
law school with Artie Rooney at Duquesne University.  You may know that his 
family owns the Pittsburgh Steelers.  Let me know the particular attorney you 
are having difficulty with and I will help in any way can.  By the way, New 
Power's ads have hit the airwaves in Pittsburgh.  I am enrolling as a New 
Power customer!  Thanks, Marty
Vicki Sharp
12/08/2000 10:30 PM
Marty,  I assume we do not have a relationship with this firm.  Please let me 
know if I am incorrect. 
James Derrick@
12/08/2000 07:24 PM
Please let Marc Manly know of any relationship your group has with the firm 
mentioned below.  Thank you.  JIm
Marc Manly@EES
12/07/2000 12:14 PM
Jim:  please see the attached, from Joe Halprin.  Does the Enron family have 
any relationships with the Klett Rooney law firm that we should bring to 
their attention?  In all events, please be aware that they are taking a 
particularly adverse position.  Thanks.  Marc
Marc:  In connection with a dispute regarding a commercial arrangement 
between NewPower and Campus Dimensions, Inc. (also known as College Credit 
Card Corporation), Campus Dimensions, Inc. ("CDI") has engaged the law firm 
Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling - headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA - to 
represent them against NewPower.  Klett Rooney has conducted themselves in a 
fashion that I would consider to be particularly unreasonable.  I would like 
to know if Enron has a relationship with Klett Rooney or CDI. If they do, I 
would recommend that the firm be removed from further engagements. Thanks.
Joe Halprin
The New Power Company
10 Glenville Street
Greenwich, CT 06831
p: 203-531-0400
f: 203-513-0404
e: jhalprin@newpower.com
Please note for calendar.  Thank you.
Jeff A Sokoloff  James,
We (Glen Rosenbaum, ADL Regional Chair, Martin Comindsky, ADL Regional
Director, Carrin and I)  will meet at your office from 2 - 3 p.m. on
Tuesday afternoon, December 12.
Thank you.
Jeff Sokoloff
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
Nancy, I believe the question was asked by David Beck.  All the best.  Jim
Nancy Brazzil  did you ask me for information on the school's transnational institute?  it
was either you or david beck.  forgive my forgetfulness.
John, you have my approval.  Jim
Jim,                                In 1998,  ENA removed from its balance 
sheet a loan made to The American Coal Company through a transaction with 
Society Generale.  In 1999 the deal was restructured and Soc Gen was taken 
out by Bank of America.  As part of both transactions, there was an  absolute 
put agreement to Enron in favor of Soc Gen and B of A.  B of A has indicated 
it intends to exercise the put which will have the effect of moving the loan 
back on the books of Enron.  Enron's business people don't want this to 
happen and are going to arrange to have a Whitewing entity buy out the B of A 
position.  In order to timely complete the project, outside counsel needs to 
be engaged.  John Dawson at Vinson & Elkins worked on the original 
transaction and has been contacted about this project.  Please acknowledge 
that it is acceptable to use John Dawson and the firm of Vinson & Elkins on 
this project.  The dollar amount of the transaction is approximately 
$92.0mm.  Thank you for your quick response as the business parties want to 
close the deal asap.  John West
Nancy, I suggest we take the Four Seasons option.  Jim
Nancy Brazzil  it doesn't look like there is a strong preference of where we hold the
meeting.  i was thinking that if we did have the meeting at the four
seasons, we could go with carrin's idea of having a party that evening possibly margaritas on sixth street?  just an idea.
Randy, your suggestion looks fine to me.  Jim
Randy Pais
12/12/2000 01:58 PM
Jim,
We are currently reviewing a new business opportunity with EES to enable 
EECC  to provide technical and commercial due diligence services for global 
infrastructure project financing.  If the new business opportunity receives 
approval from EES management, we see the need to retain outside counsel 
experienced in internet/web based issues.  Presently this need would be with 
the web, structuring, IP, and antitrust areas.
In an effort  to find a firm that Enron has used recently for web related 
matters, I spoke with Mark Taylor and Marianne Castano.  For Enron Online 
development, Mark used Sullivan and Cromwell and Milbank, Tweed for the 
web/trading effort and V & E for IP matters,  For a recent EES internet 
project Marianne used Vivian Polak of LeBeouf Lamb for web/transactional 
issues and V & E for IP matters.  She was very pleased with Vivian's 
support.  After discussing our specific requirements with Mark and Marianne 
and reviewing this matter with Vicki Sharp,  I spoke with Vivian briefly to 
confirm if she had the experience we needed.  I found she had exactly what we 
needed and subsequently discussed this with John Schwartzenburg.  John 
agreed. 
With your approval I would like permission to engage Vivian Polak of LeBeouf, 
Lamb for web, structuring and transactional related issues and Scott Brown of 
V & E for IP matters 
If you should need any additional information concerning the TECASO Project 
or this request, please let me know.
Thank you,
Randy
FYI
Randy Pais
12/12/2000 01:58 PM
Jim,
We are currently reviewing a new business opportunity with EES to enable 
EECC  to provide technical and commercial due diligence services for global 
infrastructure project financing.  If the new business opportunity receives 
approval from EES management, we see the need to retain outside counsel 
experienced in internet/web based issues.  Presently this need would be with 
the web, structuring, IP, and antitrust areas.
In an effort  to find a firm that Enron has used recently for web related 
matters, I spoke with Mark Taylor and Marianne Castano.  For Enron Online 
development, Mark used Sullivan and Cromwell and Milbank, Tweed for the 
web/trading effort and V & E for IP matters,  For a recent EES internet 
project Marianne used Vivian Polak of LeBeouf Lamb for web/transactional 
issues and V & E for IP matters.  She was very pleased with Vivian's 
support.  After discussing our specific requirements with Mark and Marianne 
and reviewing this matter with Vicki Sharp,  I spoke with Vivian briefly to 
confirm if she had the experience we needed.  I found she had exactly what we 
needed and subsequently discussed this with John Schwartzenburg.  John 
agreed. 
With your approval I would like permission to engage Vivian Polak of LeBeouf, 
Lamb for web, structuring and transactional related issues and Scott Brown of 
V & E for IP matters 
If you should need any additional information concerning the TECASO Project 
or this request, please let me know.
Thank you,
Randy
Please print the attachments.  Is this on the calendar?  Thank you.
Attached is the handout for Thursday's meeting.  Please give me a call if you
have difficulty printing.
This is to confirm the conference call #3266577, on 12/14/2000 (Thursday) 
01:00 PM Central Time. 
Company: Enron Corporation 
Host: Robert Eickenroht 
Call Title/Reference: Trojan 
Confirmation Number: 3266577 
Dial In: 1 (800) 991-9019 
Alternate Dial-In: 
International participants should dial: 1 (847) 619-8039 
Passcode: 6741210 
Number of Participants: 10 
The Host and Participants will dail in and enter the Passcode 6741210, 
followed 
by the pound key 
Important Notes: 
Press *0 at anytime during your conference call for operator assistance. 
To convert to other time zones using Daylight Saving Time, please refer to 
the following: 
12/14/00 11:00 AM PT. *** 12/14/00 12:00 PM MT. *** 12/14/00 01:00 PM 
CT 12/14/00 02:00 PM ET. *** 12/14/00 07:00 PM GMT. 
If there are any questions, comments, or changes regarding this or any 
other 
conference call please call us at 1 (800) 766-1863 or FAX at 1 (847) 
619-6111. 
Please refer to confirmation number 3266577. Thank You! 
This Email Confirmation was sent at 12/11/00 09:56
Mont, thanks for the status report.  I will stand by.  JIm
Jim,
This is a note to let you know what happened as per your calls on my behalf.
The short answer is not much.
I had lunch with John Keffer and Randy Coles of King & Spalding.  We had a
cordial conversation, but I concluded and stated that the firm was well
covered regarding the skills that I might offer.
John Klauberg and I had a most enjoyable breakfast.  He seemed interested.
However, I haven't heard any thing.
Pat Oxford didn't return my call. I spoke with Lynn Coleman, but didn't hear
any thing back.
Vicky Price and I have exchanged calls, but haven't had a chance to speak.
On another fronts, I was contacted by Strasburger regarding their Mexico and
other Latin work.  They claim to have done a little work for Enron.  Also, I
am still in discussions with Shook, Hardy & Bacon, the Kansas City firm with
about 40 lawyers here in Houston.
Before anything get finalized, I would like to run it by you just to get an
independent reaction.
Thanks for your support and help.
Mont
Weekly, and sometimes daily, I become a director of an new Enron company Kate Cole of the Enron Corporate Secretary's office maintains the data base 
showing my directorships.  In addition to my new Enron dirctorships, I have 
become a member of the Board of Trustees of the Southwestern Legal 
Foundation.  Jim Derrick
David Matthews@ECT
11/20/2000 06:22 AM
I am writing to ask if there are any changes to your personal details 
originally forwarded to the SFA.
As you will recall, in obtaining your registration with the SFA, we were 
required to provide to the SFA information about you, including your personal 
details.  Enron must keep this information up-to-date.  If these details, or 
your SFA status, change in any way, the SFA must be notified within seven 
days.  It is important that you take a few moments to consider the points set 
out below, otherwise Enron will be in breach of its obligations under the SFA 
Rules.
Accordingly, if your details referred to below have changed recently (e.g because you have got married or moved house), or will change in the near 
future, please let me know immediately:
1. personal details (name, address)
2. you are subject to a criminal conviction, regulatory investigation or 
civil litigation (other than as a witness)
3. category of registration (eg your registration will change from Trader to 
Representative or Director)
4.  changes in any directorships you hold 
5. internal transfer (ie if you have changed departments within Enron)
6. change in role (ie your job within your department changes)
7. if you plan to leave Enron and have a departure date
Many thanks.
Dave Matthews
x34677
Tom, the memo looks fine.  Please proceed.  Thank you.  Jim
Tom Henninger  Hello, Mr. Derrick--I've attached a memo announcing Sen. Bentsen as
recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award.  Would you like me to send
this out?  If so, please feel free to revise and I'll take care of it from
there.
Thanks,
Tom
- Lifetime Achievement memo.doc
krchoi@sk-enron.com on 12/12/2000 03:23:29 AM
Choi Kap Ryong/HR & Admin Team
2000-12-12 05:07 PM
=11?I 789-6764
Dear Directors and Auditors:
We would like to rearrange the next BOD meeting schedule.
As you know, the BOD decided to have the next BOD meeting on Feb. 8th, 2001.
However, we think it is difficult to have the next BOD meeting on that date
because of preparation of financial statement.
Please understand that subsidiaries' financial statement should be=20
consolidated
prior to SK-Enron's financial statement and this process is our main concern.
Considering this situation, we suggest to have the next BOD Meeting at 2pm on
Feb. 20th, 2001. in Houston.
And meeting place in Houston will be notified you when it is determined.
If you are uncomfortable with this schedule,
please let us know so that we can arrange it again.
Sincerely yours,
K.R.Choi
The very first time that I laid eyes on  Steve Susman , he was clad only in 
his underwear.  Moreover, he was  shouting  and angrily brandishing his fist 
at me!  The Northern Lights may have seen stranger sights, but I assure you I 
have not.
In 1968 or 1969 (you will understand that I have repressed the actual date I journeyed to Fort Worth, Texas as a representative of the Texas Law Review 
to attend some State Bar of Texas committee meeting, one being held, I think, 
in conjunction with an annual meeting of the Bar.  The Law Review had 
reserved a few rooms at one of the downtown hotels.  I arrived late at 
night,  dutifully registered at the hotel's desk, received my room  key took the elevator to the designated floor, walked to my room, inserted the 
room key, and opened the door.  The darkness that shrouded the room was 
suddenly pierced by a flare of light that revealed to my astonished eyes a 
bear of a man, almost naked, leaping out of the bed toward me, shaking a very 
large fist in the vicinity of my face, and demanding to know why I had 
violated the sanctity of his room 
It will surprise none who know Steve to learn that although he was  
adamantly insisting  on an explanation, he refused to be quiet long enough 
for me to offer him one.  Knowing even at my then tender young age a madman 
when I see one, I exited  the scene of the controversy with as much speed as 
my terrified legs could muster and rushed back to the front desk with my tale 
of adventure and close escape from severe bodily injury.  There may well have 
been some talk of calling hotel security or the Fort Worth Police, but in the 
end I settled for a new room, the door of which I bolted immediately. 
After a mostly sleepless night during which I anticipated the imminent 
reappearance of the madman, I arose, showered,  dressed, and carefully made 
my way to the meeting room.  During the course of the day, I spotted the 
madman across the ballroom engaged in conversation with another individual Surreptitiously pointing him out to one of my friends, I asked if he knew 
him.  The answer was no, but he did know who he was.  "The name is Susman, my 
man, Steve Susman".  I immediately resolved that my path and that of  
"Susman, my man, Steve Susman" would never again cross 
Truth is indeed stranger than fiction.  How could I have possibly foreseen 
as I fled from the madman in  that Forth Worth hotel room so many years ago 
that not only would my path again cross his but that I would one day serve as 
his lawyer, that  he  would serve as mine,  and that I would count him  as 
one of my closest friends!  I hereby officially  forgive you, Steve, not only 
for stealing my  Fort Worth hotel room but also  for the injury you wished on 
me that night.  Looking back on it, I wouldn't want it to have been  any 
other way.
I wish you the Happiest of Birthdays, Steve.  Thanks for your friendship--I 
treasure it. 
All the best, 
Jim 
Saudi, thanks, but I'll wait until you and I can play it together.  All the 
best.  Jim
I think I will be out of town on the slopes on the 12th but would you be
interested.  This should be great course.  Joe
FYI
Ann M Schmidt
11/21/2000 02:34 PM
=DJ Enron, Powerex Investigated For Alberta Price Fixing
11/21/0 15:31 (New York)
By Cheryl Devoe Kim
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
TORONTO (Dow Jones)--Canada's Competition Bureau raided the offices of Enron
Canada Corp. in Calgary and Powerex Corp. in Vancouver earlier this year as
part of an investigation into suspected electricity price fixing by the two
companies, according to documents obtained by Dow Jones Newswires.
Bureau investigator David Bloom alleges in an application for a warrant he
used to gain access to the offices that in the summer of 1999, Powerex and
Enron were coordinating bid restatements and inflating the price each received
for electricity as they traded on the Power Pool of Alberta.
The investigation hasn't yet produced any charges against either of the
companies, according to Enron. The Competition Bureau declined to comment on
the status of the case.
Both Enron Corp. (ENE), which owns Enron Canada, and Powerex, a unit of
provincially owned British Columbia Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH), deny
breaking any rules or laws.
From Powerex's point of view, Albertans are looking for someone to blame for
high power prices, which have become a political issue in the province.
"They just find it easy to blame us for what are pretty fundamental market
design flaws," Powerex president and chief executive Ken Peterson told Dow
Jones Newswires in an interview.
Deregulation Spurs Search For Someone To Blame
The search for someone to blame has repeated itself across every 
deregulating
market Enron has participated in, Enron Corp. spokesman Mark Palmer said.
"Almost every time that either power markets or natural gas markets or even
oil markets or gasoline markets have experienced any kind of price volatility,
there have been investigations done," Palmer said.
Enron has been scrutinized before as part of wider energy markets
investigations, he said, but never found to be breaking the rules. This is the
first such investigation into Powerex's actions, Peterson said.
The Competition Bureau, based in Ottawa, won't say whether the investigaion
is ongoing, citing disclosure rules under the Competition Act.
The companies themselves said they're not sure of the investigation's 
status.
Their seized files were returned several months ago, but Powerex hasn't heard
from the Bureau since then. Enron did receive a call from the Bureau last week
with a question, according to Enron Corp. spokesman Eric Thode.
The investigation began when the Power Pool of Alberta's system controllers
noticed the clearing price for a megawatt of electricity was topping C$100 
with
unusual frequency.
The Pool's price is set by participants submitting bids to buy or sell power
for the following day. Until Oct. 19, 1999, a bidder could restate the amount
of power in a bid or offer an unlimited number of times, until 20 minutes
before the hour of transmission. The price paid for every megawatt of power
needed by the Pool in a given hour is set by the most expensive unit needed to
meet demand.
Alleged Bid Rigging Methods Detailed
According to the Competition Bureau search warrant application, Powerex and
Enron were rigging their bids in the following manner:
Powerex would lower the volume of an existing offer. As little as two 
minutes
later, Enron would increase its offer for the same period by the same volume,
but at a "significantly higher price," according to the warrant application.
Sometimes, Enron would increase its offer even before Powerex had dropped its
offer.
Power Pool market analyst Owen Craig, who once worked in Enron Canada's gas
trading group, found that "as a result of restatements, involving mostly
Powerex and Enron," the Pool price was raised once to C$200/MWh, four times to
between C$354.29 and C$499.93, three times to between C$500 and C$541.63, and
10 times to between C$801.02 and C$998.
Based on the restatement patterns, Craig, and then the Bureau's Bloom,
concluded that no new energy was being offered to the Pool. They believed the
power was just being transferred from Powerex to Enron and then offered at the
higher price, according to the warrant application. By cutting the volume
offered by Powerex, the more expensive power offered by Enron would likely be
needed, and every participant would get the higher price.
Powerex's Peterson doesn't take issue with the trade history as detailed by
the Bureau, but denies that the company's traders were doing anything wrong or
that the two companies had some sort of arrangement.
"And we're adamant about that," Peterson said. "There was no deal with 
Enron.
There was no expectation about what their behavior would lead to in terms of a
change in prices or anything like that."
Powerex traders were merely locking in their price, cutting the company's
risk, which Enron agreed to take on by buying the power at a fixed price,
Peterson said.
"Whenever Enron's offer of high-priced energy was declined, within moments 
of
Enron being advised by the Pool that their energy would not be required,
Powerex would restate an identical volume of energy back into its lower priced
unit," according to the warrant application.
Peterson's response: "We're operating in a very tight market there and we
felt an obligation to make sure the power got delivered into Alberta."
Enron also denies it broke any Power Pool rules or Canadian laws.
"It boils down to we were offered power at a price lower than we thought we
could sell it at," Enron's Thode said. "And that's what Enron and every other
company does that's in the business of trading."
The May 25 search warrant covers the companies' actions between June 1, 
1999,
and Oct. 19, 1999. On Oct. 20, 1999, the Pool changed its restatement rules,
essentially closing the loophole, though it did so without ever making public
its investigation into Powerex and Enron.
Power Pool spokesman Wayne St. Amour declined to discuss details of the
investigation.
"Market surveillance is in place to, among other things, protect the
interests and activities of market participants," he said.
Those convicted under Canadian law for bid-rigging can be fined an amount at
the court's discretion and/or jailed up to five years. A conviction wouldn't
likely affect Powerex's ability to trade in the U.S., Peterson said. In Canada
"there would have to have some follow-on action by the Alberta parties to
inhibit that. And so far, they still like to get our power."
Companies Concerned About Reputations
The bigger problem, Peterson said, is what the case will do to the Powerex
reputation.
"Essentially both companies are concerned about it because we have a lot at
stake from a reputational point of view," Peterson said. "Both companies, I
believe, conduct themselves in the highest possible standard. But these are
difficult times in the business with prices going crazy in Alberta and
California and people looking for somebody to blame. There's always a
possibility of collateral damage when politics gets involved."
Powerex parent company BC Hydro is also suspected by the Power Pool of
Alberta of unfairly providing access to transmission through British Columbia,
linking Washington with Alberta, as detailed in an Oct. 13 Power Pool market
surveillance report. Again, no charges have been laid.
Company Web sites 
-By Cheryl Kim, Dow Jones Newswires; 416-306-2017; cheryl.kim@dowjones.com
(END) DOW JONES NEWS  11-21-00
03:31 PM- - 03 31 PM EST 11-21-00
Mel, thank you for lunch.  It was great to see you and catch up.  Here's the=20
memo I mentioned.  All the best.  Jim
Stephanie Harris
11/08/2000 05:17 PM
=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling
=09Sent by: Enron Announcements
=0911/08/2000 04:59 PM
=09=09=20
We are making a number of significant organizational changes.  These changes=20
are intended to accomplish four key objectives:
First, we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successful=20
business model developed over the last decade in North America and Europe. =20
This model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built=20
around a relatively small strategic asset position.
Second, we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting=20
relationships.  Particularly with Joe Sutton=01,s departure, the ability to=20
directly manage the day-to-day activities of 15 independent business units=20
has become increasingly difficult.
Third, we need to accomplish these changes without, in any way, compromising=20
the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or=20
hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower-yielding=20
asset positions.
And fourth, as always, we need to take advantage of the reorganization to=20
redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities.
ENRON WHOLESALE SERVICES
Today, we are forming Enron Wholesale Services (EWS) which will consolidate=20
our global wholesale businesses.  The closer alignment of our wholesale=20
businesses will accomplish the following: (1) enhanced communication and=20
coordination across business units, (2) more rapid deployment of people to=20
higher valued opportunities, (3) more effective prioritization of=20
opportunities across the wholesale business, and (4) more rapid extension of=20
Enron=01,s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries and=20
markets.
Enron Wholesale Services will include our current North American, European=20
(including Japan and Australia), Global Markets, and Industrial Markets=20
operations, and will be expanded to include Enron=01,s Net Works business unit=20
as well as a new unit =01) Enron Global Assets.  In addition, Enron=01,s merchant=20
businesses outside of North America and Europe will be integrated into this=20
new structure as described below.
Mark Frevert, currently Chairman of each of our wholesale units, will assume=20
the role of Chairman and CEO of Enron Wholesale Services.  Greg Whalley,=20
currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Net Works, will join Mark in the Office=20
of the Chairman as President and Chief Operating Officer.
Providing further impetus for these organizational changes, several of our=20
international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadership=20
positions:
Rebecca McDonald, currently CEO of Enron APACHI, will join EWS as President=20
and CEO of Enron Global Assets. Enron Global Assets will have responsibility=20
for managing all of Enron=01,s existing energy asset portfolio outside of North=20
America and Europe.  Joining Rebecca in the Office of the Chairman as COO=20
will be Jim Hughes, currently COO of Enron APACHI.  Rebecca and Jim will=20
report to the EWS Office of the Chairman.
Sanjay Bhatnagar, currently CEO of Enron India, has joined EBS as CEO for the=20
Middle East and Asia region.  Sanjay will be responsible for building our=20
broadband business in this region and the current EBS team in this region=20
will report to Sanjay.  In this role, Sanjay will report to the EBS office of=20
the Chairman.  In addition, Sanjay will continue to remain responsible for=20
Enron=01,s wholesale energy business in India and will transition this business=20
into Enron Global Assets in the near future.
=20
Diomedes Christodoulou, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, has joined=20
EBS as Chief Commercial Officer.  Diomedes will be located in London and will=20
focus his origination activities on global opportunities, with near term=20
attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors.  Diomedes will report to=20
the EBS Office of the Chairman.
Jim Bannantine, currently Co-CEO of Enron South America, will be joining EES=20
to lead EES=01, commercial efforts outside North America and Europe.  In order=20
to ensure a smooth transition for our South American businesses and to=20
facilitate our asset sales activities, Jim will remain in South America for=20
at least the next several months and continue to serve as CEO of Enron South=20
America.  Throughout the transition, Jim will report to Cliff Baxter and to=20
the Office of the Chairman of Enron Wholesale Services.  Following the=20
transition, Jim will join EES.
In addition to these changes in our international asset operations=20
activities, we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale=20
businesses and the commercial support functions:
Enron Net Works
Louise Kitchen will assume Greg=01,s previous responsibilities as President and=20
CEO of Enron Net Works, reporting into Mark and Greg. =20
Enron Americas
Concurrent with the transfer to Enron Global Assets of responsibility for=20
operating Enron=01,s South and Central America asset base, all trading,=20
marketing, and new asset development activities in these regions will report=20
into a new entity, Enron Americas.  Enron Americas will have responsibility=20
for all wholesale merchant businesses across North, Central and South=20
America.  Dave Delainey, President and CEO, and John Lavorato, Chief=20
Operating Officer will comprise the Office of the Chairman for Enron=20
Americas.
Enron Europe
The Enron Europe organization, which includes Enron=01,s businesses in Australia=20
and Japan, and Enron Metals, remains unchanged under the leadership of John=20
Sherriff, President and CEO, and Michael Brown, Chief Operating Officer.
Enron Global Markets
Enron Global Markets, under the leadership of Mike McConnell, President and=20
CEO, and Jeff Shankman, Chief Operating Officer, will continue to have=20
responsibility for Enron=01,s Middle East and LNG operations.  With the=20
exception of Ecoelectrica in Puerto Rico, all operating power plants and=20
associated personnel in the Caribbean and Central America will transfer to=20
Enron Global Assets.  Enron Global Markets will also continue to manage the=20
commodity businesses in crude and products, coal, weather, insurance,=20
equities, interest rates, foreign exchange, and agricultural products.
Enron Industrial Markets
Enron Industrial Markets=01, organization, under the leadership of Jeff McMahon,=20
President & CEO, and Ray Bowen, Chief Operating Officer, remains unchanged.
Commercial Support for EWS
The commercial support functions for EWS will remain with, and be managed by,=20
the individual business units.  We are creating no incremental overhead in=20
the creation of EWS, and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more=20
efficient utilization and sharing of resources across EWS.
To this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across=20
EWS in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units.  These=20
newly defined roles are as follows:
Mid and Back Office Operations =01) Sally Beck will lead Mid and Back Office=20
Operations across EWS.  These services will become part of Enron Net Works,=20
with Sally reporting to Louise Kitchen and Rick Causey, Executive Vice=20
President and Chief Accounting Officer.  This alignment creates a coordinated=20
services organization with IT and e-commerce platforms to support the=20
wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these=20
services.  Mid and Back Office services for all commercial activities will=20
continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible=20
for specific commodities and/or geographic locations.
Legal =01) Mark Haedicke will serve in the role of General Counsel for EWS.
Regulatory and Government Affairs =01) This function will remain organized on a=20
regional basis.  Rick Shapiro will support all EWS businesses operating in=20
the Americas, and Mark Schroeder, who is based in London, will support all=20
European and Eastern Hemisphere operations.  Rick and Mark will also continue=20
to support all other Enron businesses operating in their respective regions=20
and will continue to report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President and Chief=20
of Staff.
Public Relations =01) This function is also organized primarily on a regional=20
basis.  Eric Thode will have responsibility for North American activity,=20
Enron Net Works, and Enron Industrial Markets.  Jackie Gentle will continue=20
in her role for Enron Europe (including Japan and Australia) and John Ambler=20
will have responsibility for activity outside North America and Europe as=20
well as providing support for Enron Global Markets and Enron Global Assets. =20
These individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship=20
to Mark Palmer, Vice President of Communications.
Business Analysis and Reporting =01) Wes Colwell will expand his role to cover=20
EWS reporting in addition to his current role in North America.
Attached for your review is an organization chart for Enron Wholesale=20
Services which summarizes the changes described here.  As this organization=20
continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes.
ENRON GLOBAL EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
AND ENRON WIND
As part of our company-wide initiative to examine our assets and investments=20
around the world, we are considering a variety of options with respect to=20
EGEP and EWC.  As a consequence, we are putting these businesses under Cliff=20
Baxter=01,s direction.  Jeff Sherrick, CEO of EGEP, and Jim Noles, CEO of Enron=20
Wind, will report to Cliff.
CORPORATE STAFF
We are consolidating the corporate staff functions: Human Resources,=20
Government Affairs, Public Relations/Communications and Administration.  In=20
that regard, Cindy Olson, Executive Vice President of Human Resources and=20
Community Relations, will report to Steve Kean, Executive Vice President and=20
Chief of Staff.
COMMITTEE STRUCTURE
In light of the increased leadership opportunities created by Enron=01,s=20
growth, the Executive Committee will be expanded to include more of our=20
business unit leaders.  The primary role of this committee will continue to=20
be the communication of relevant information across Enron=01,s businesses and=20
the coordination of activities across those businesses.  We will also be=20
drawing on this group to lead company-wide initiatives such as the=20
performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses. =20
The Executive Committee membership is shown on the attached list.
We are also forming a new committee =01) the Enron Corporate Policy Committee. =20
This group will be responsible for overall corporate policy, personnel=20
management policy and corporate strategy.  The Enron Corporate Policy=20
Committee membership is also shown on the attached list.
We are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital to=20
our highest return opportunities.  Please join us in congratulating and=20
supporting all of these individuals in their new roles.
I agree to the comments included in your fax to me of November 30 being used 
in the way and in the context therein set forth.  Jim Derrick
Bill, I am very grateful for everything you and your firm are doing to assist our cause.  Good luck in the appeal.  All the best.  Jim
FYI
Dear Jim:
Mr. Chike Okpara and Mr. Reginald Sewell have enthusiastically accepted our offer to work at Enron as Summer Associates/Clerks during Summer 2001.
The Term begins on or about May 14, 2001, and ends on or about August 17, 2001.  Both gentlemen indicated that they might need a few days after school ends on May 11, 2001 and begins again on August 20, 2001.  We indicated that we have some flexibility with respect to the start date and we are waiting to receive information from Mr. Okpara and Mr. Sewell with respect to the dates.
As per our initial discussions, it is my understanding that Enron would like the students to rotate through Enron Broadband Services, Enron Energy Services, and Enron Wholesale Services.  Do you want me to include Enron Global Finance, Enron Transportation Services and Enron Corp. in their rotations?
Depending upon the number of Enron entities participating in the rotations, each student will spend approximately 2-3 weeks in each business unit, if there are five business units.  In the event we only have three business units, each student will spend approximately 4 weeks in each area. 
I will make sure that Mr. Okpara and Mr. Sewell receive a personal introduction to Enron via our orientation process.  Further, I will participate on a weekly basis as a mentor and liaison with each student.  In addition, should we need assignments from Corporate Legal, I will be happy to coordinate the same.
During our program, I envision their duties as follows:
1.  Provide legal research assistance, including the preparation of legal memorandum and other documents, 
on various issues;
2.  Attend meetings and conference calls as required by their respective assignments; and 
3.  Undertake other legal duties as required by the respective law departments.
I have also spoken to Lisa Falick, Attorney Recruitment Coordinator at Vinson & Elkins.  She will forward to me the Summer Associate/Clerk activities list upon its completion 
Please advise if you would like for me to take any additional steps 
Thank you.
Sharon
Please respond to Steve re the status of this matter.  Thank you. Jim
Did this matter get  resolved?  After you sent me the list of opposing banks, I checked  conflicts and we are okay, but I have never heard from anyone at  Enron.
Steve Susman 
713/653-7801 
Pager 888/562-1184  
Fax  713/654-6670 
Steve, I have asked Rob Walls and Bruce Lundstrom to contact you re the status of this matter. Jim
Did this matter get  resolved?  After you sent me the list of opposing banks, I checked  conflicts and we are okay, but I have never heard from anyone at  Enron.
Steve Susman 
713/653-7801 
Pager 888/562-1184  
Fax  713/654-6670 
Misha, Carrin would be delighted to sit at the Enron table.  Unfortunately for me, because the lunch conflicts with the Legal PRC meeting,  I will not be able to attend.  Thank you for iniviting us. Jim
Hi Jim,
As I mentioned in the elevator last week, we are trying to become more involved with Girls, Inc.  We would love for you and Carrin to sit at the Enron table at their Fifth Annual Luncheon on Tuesday, June 5th.  This event will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center at 12 p.m.  Please let me know if you're in town.  If you unfortunately can't attend, please let Carrin know that we would be honored for her to join us 
Regarding SPA, I spoke with Toby Maddox a few weeks ago and he is completely on board with Enron's sponsorship of a performance by David Sedaris, a well-known satirist/author.  We supported this past spring's performance of the National Symphony of Spain at the $10,000 level, so we plan to maintain that level of support for the 2002 David Sedaris performance.  Toby and I discussed having a pre-performance cocktail reception for Enron employees and guests to meet Mr. Sedaris.  Please mark your calendar for April 17, 2002!
As always, I greatly appreciate your input.  I look forward to hearing from you Thank you Misha 
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Houston Bar Association
Report Total: $170.00
Amount Due Employee: $170.00
Amount Approved: $170.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Yes to both questions.
Mr. Derrick, I am sending this email to you at the request of Mr. James Bouillion.  I understand you are already aware of the above as a copy of the EEOC charge was provided to you by Ms. Michelle Hoogendam Cash, and as Mr. Bouillion wrote to you regarding same on May 10, 2001 when he first learned about it from Ms. Cash.
Mr. Bouillion has consulted with our broker, and it is their recommendation that we formally place our carrier on "notice" of a "potential claim" situation as a "precautionary measure" to ensure that the reporting provisions of the insurance contract are met.  While the charge itself does not give rise to a "claim" under the policy, the broker feels that matters which involve the EEOC generally result in formal claims being pursued.  Thus, their recommendation to report to the carrier.
Please advise if you would like for us to formally report this matter to the broker so that they can notice our carrier.  If so, please let us know whether you want us to disclose to Ms. Cash the potential for insurance coverage in the event a claim(s) result from the allegations.  Thanks 
Rob Cole, Manager-Claims
ENA - Global Risk Markets
P.O. Box 1188 (77251-1188)
1400 Smith Street, EB2136F
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-7739 (telephone)
713-646-2341 (facsimile)
Rob.Cole@ (email)
Please print the attachments. Jim
Scotty, many thanks.  All the best. Jim
Jim, I mailed the recommendation letter and form for Jimmy to St. Mary's this morning.  Keep me posted.  Scotty
Thank you for the message.  Please note for your records, however, that neither I nor Enron has accepted the eLawForum User Agreement and that we have not authorized any individual or entity to accept it on our behalf. Jim Derrick 
James,
Per Steve Wyatt's suggestion, I have taken the liberty of registering Enron
Corporation on the eLawForum web site.  In the course of completing the
registration, I accepted the eLawForum User Agreement on behalf of Enron.
Please let me know if you have any questions about the User Agreement.  We
would be happy to address any concerns.
I have created the 2 roles for you that are required to use our site.  The
first role is as "Client Administrator."  This role allows you to manage the
site, primarily by adding and deleting users and assigning them appropriate
roles.  Your login name and password for your roles as Client Administrator
are: Login - "jderrick" and Password - "enron".  Please note that both your
login and passwords are case sensitive.
I have also created for you the second role of "RFP Administrator."  In this
role, you can create a new RFP and/or manage existing RFPs.  You are
required to have a second Login name and Password for this second role.  I
have assigned you the Login in of "jamesderrick" and Password of "enroncorp"
in your role as RFP Administrator.  Once again, the login name and password
are case sensitive.
To logon and begin using the web site, go to www.elawforum.com.  Click on
"logon" and sign on in your role as RFP Administrator.  Let me know if you
would like a quick walk through the site.  In addition, please contact me
when you are ready to post your first RFP.  Our service includes providing
Enron hands on assistance every step of the way.
Sincerely,
Paul Pien
Vice President
eLawForum
1250 24th Street, NW, Suite 350
Washington, DC  20037
Work: 202-466-0520
Fax: 202-466-0583
ppien@elawforum.com
www.elawforum.com
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:=09=09Tuesday, May 29
Time:=09=0911:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location:=0950th Floor Boardroom
Video:=09=09Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf. Call:=09AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or=20
=09=09Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person=09=09___X___
By video conference from=09=09______
By conference call=09=09=09______
No, I will not attend=09=09=09______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 25.
Thank you,
Suzanne
FYI
THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN PETROLEUM TASK
FORCE COMMITTEE: FALOMO IKOYI, LAGOS.
Satellite Fax 1-801-8817999
E-mail: douglas-akin@onebox.com
E-mail: jane_Williams@eudoramail.com
Dear Sir,
Re: Request for urgent mutual business Transaction
It is a pleasure to introduce myself to you. I am Mr.
Douglas Akin, an Accountant by profession with the
Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation and a member of
the Presidential (Petroleum) Task Force Committee set
by the present democratic Government in Nigeria, to
supervise the sales and award of Crude Oil contracts
through the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC).
The Chairman with the entire members of this committee
have concluded every arrangement and now agreed to
transfer out of the country a total sum of $85,
500,000.00 (Eighty five million and Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars Only) to a reliable corporate or
private account oversea for mutual disbursement, hence
my reason to contact you. This amount is the excess
sum realized from sales of Crude Oil above the
government regulated price margin as a result of price
fluctuation, which we never rendered accurate sales
figures to the government for reasons you now know.
Benefits: At the successful conclusion of this
business, your good self shall be entitled to 20% of
the total sum remitted into your account for your
collaboration, 5% shall be set aside to defray all
expenses incurred during the transaction by both
parties and the balance of US$75% for the committee.
If you are interested in this business as I hope you
will, please contact me urgently at any of  the above
e-mail address or fax number, quoting our existing
secret code of this business, as Black & White, then,
I will revert back to you with detailed information.
Note: When dialing our fax, you do not need to add our
country code of 234. Just dial your international
access code, then followed by   our fax number. If you
are in Canada or USA, and outside the area code of
801, then omit 1 but add the 801. You may equally
e-mail us at the above e-mail address.
Yours sincerely,
Signed:
MR. DOUGLAS AKIN,
FOR & ON BEHALF OF THE COMMITTEE MEMBERS.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - buy the things you want at great prices
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $111.40
Amount Due Employee: $111.40
Amount Approved: $111.40
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Joannie, I'm hosting a lunch on that date for Milbank, Tweed attorneys and thus cannot be at the Hyatt.  Thanks for the invitation. Jim
Enron has purchased a table at the Houston Technology Forum for Tuesday, May 29 at the Hyatt.  Jeff Skilling will be speaking on the panel, along with Lloyd Bentsen III, Chairman of Houston Technology Center; Michael Capellas, President and CEO of Compaq Computer Corporation; and John Mendelsohn, M.D., President of U.T. M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.  Please let me know if you are interested in attending.  Details are as follows:
The Houston Technology Forum
Technology Trends Affecting Houston's Future
Tuesday, May 29, 2001
Hyatt Regency Imperial Ballroom
10:45a - 11:30a		Registration & Networking
11:30a - 1:30p		Luncheon & Program
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: TNPC Board Meeting
Report Total: $10,341.69
Amount Due Employee: $10,341.69
Amount Approved: $10,341.69
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Please print the attachment. Thank you.
Please print the attachment. Thank you.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: TNPC Board Meeting
Report Total: $10,341.69
Amount Due Employee: $10,341.69
Amount Approved: $10,341.69
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Kerry Harrington
Expense Report Name: Houston Bar Association
Report Total: $170.00
Amount Due Employee: $170.00
Amount Approved: $170.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Thank you, David. Jim
Jim,
I am looking forward to working with Michelle to Co-Chair the 2002 event.  We appreciate your confidence in us and are honored to be the Co-Chairs.   Michelle Cash and her team did set a high standard and also put in place the ground work to help ensure successful events for the future.  I know Michelle Cash has a notebook of information that she would like to pass on to the next Chairs.  We will schedule a meeting with Michelle Cash shortly 
,
David
Michelle and David, I would very much appreciate your serving as Co-Chairs of the 2002 Enron Legal Department Conference, which will be held at a Westin resort in the Dallas area. Michelle Cash and her team, of which the two of you were important members, have set an extremely high standard, but I know that you will do a superb job! Please let me know when you would like me to ask the various groups to select the members of your team.  Thank you! Jim 
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: London
Report Total: $9,779.95
Amount Due Employee: $9,779.95
Amount Approved: $9,779.92
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
As you will note, Robin has made some use of the Lockyer statements.
- 26FY01!.WPD 
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Houston Bar Association
Report Total: $170.00
Amount Due Employee: $170.00
Amount Approved: $170.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Summer Clerk Lunch
Report Total: $160.61
Amount Due Employee: $160.61
Amount Approved: $160.61
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
per my voicemail
Steve - per my voicemail, before we released this article that I prepared,
we wanted to run it by you to make sure that Enron is comfortable with it.
Thanks, Adam.
++++++  - 143590_1.DOC 
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Jim -
Our response -- only if you have time.  I thought you should have a copy in any event.
Suhas Tuljapurkar
05/25/2001 09:43 AM
Please see attached....as promised
Leena Mathews
05/25/2001 05:11 PM
FYI
Dear Friends:
May is drawing to an end and we have just completed the moving and
meaningful celebrations of commencement.   A total of 1,468 Liberal Arts
students received their diplomas.  In a few days, you will be able to
experience the ceremony vicariously by reading the remarks of History
Commencement speaker, Admiral Bob Inman, which you will be able to
access at  
As students enroll in their courses for next year, the prevailing wisdom
seems to be that taking fewer hours will yield higher grades.  In fact,
the opposite is true.  According to a three-year study by the Office of
Admissions, students carrying 15-17 hours outperformed their classmates
taking 12-13 hours.  Nevertheless, the portion of students attempting
14-17 hours is decreasing (from 47.7% in 1996 to about 39% in 1999).
The correlation between 15-17 hour course load and a higher GPA was true
in all racial/ethnic groups and despite differences in academic ability
as measured by the SAT/ACT tests.  This is important information and you
can help by disseminating it widely - especially to current and incoming
students.  The University could serve many more students if students
moved through their college program in a shorter time.  College costs
would diminish and earning capacity would increase.
I have just returned from a wonderful visit to Midland, where Advisory
Council Vice-Chair Brian McLaughlin made sure I saw all that his
hometown has to offer.  We talked with prospective students at the
Trinity School and at Midland High School and Lee High School, had lunch
with fellow Advisory Council member Cadell Liedtke, and even visited the
Haley Library.
Successes abound:  S. Gail Caldwell, American Studies MA and BA alumna,
was just awarded a Pulitzer Prize in the area of Distinguished Criticism
for her "insightful observations on contemporary life and literature" in
The Boston Globe.  A cash award of $7,500 accompanies the prize.
Congratulations!
A trumpet fanfare, a classroom takeover, and a Texas-size check -- the
annual surprise Friar Centennial Teaching Fellowship goes to our own
Associate Dean Larry Carver.  The Friar Society is UT Austin's oldest
and most respected honor society, seeking to recognize professors who
reach out to undergraduate students in ways that exemplify true
dedication.  Carver was chosen because "he reaches students in his
classroom through his tireless efforts to ensure that material is
accessible, interesting and relevant.  He challenges students to revel
in great books."  With the award comes a check for $12,000. . . which
comes with the condition that the professor cancel class upon receipt of
the check.  Larry assures me that some of the award will be used to
increase the Pinto Carver Scholarship, the only endowment at the
University named for a cat.   See longer story with pictures at
Philosophy professor Alex Mourelatos has been inducted into the Academy
of Athens, which cited his role in creating at UT a model program, the
joint classics/philosophy graduate program in ancient philosophy which
was launched in 1967.  This is the highest honor bestowed in Greece on
scientists and scholars in the fine arts and letters.
As students prepare for a summer in Winedale learning Shakespeare in the
most hands-on way possible, a new steering committee has been formed to
raise endowment funds to support this program in perpetuity.  Members
are Mike & Penny Cies, Greg & Brenda Hemphill, Royce & Elva Keilers, J.
Mark Metts, Dick and Judy Perkins, Ernie & Mary Gayle Stromberger, Eric
& Laura Thomas, Peyton & Carolyn Townsend, and Barbara & Milt Williams,
who will host the group's meeting at their restored home in Winedale
early in June.   Contact Clare Hudspeth at (512) 471-8861 if you want to
help or make a gift.
For those of you lucky enough to have been taught Shakespeare by James
B. Ayres, Ph.D., Shakespeare at Winedale Regents Professor, you might
want to send him a note of congratulations - "Doc" was just elected to
the Academy of Distinguished Teachers at the University of Texas.  The
academy, which totals only 70 members, is intended to recognize and
enhance teaching, especially at the undergraduate level.  Others from
Liberal Arts receiving this high honor are Mia E. Carter, Ph.D.,
Associate Professor in English, and Robert D. King, Ph.D., the Audre and
Bernard Rapoport Regents Chair of Jewish Studies, Department of
Linguistics.  Provost Sheldon Ekland-Olson described these as
"extraordinary teachers."  He went on to say, "Being selected is a clear
expression of the high regard colleagues hold for the new members'
dedication and contributions to teaching and to our students'
intellectual development."
As we talk about great teaching, I'd like to call your attention to an
exciting and important new program here in the College:  UTeach Liberal
Arts, which works with 65 students throughout their undergraduate years
as they pursue majors in English, Spanish, and the social sciences and
get hands-on experience learning to teach in local classrooms at the
same time.  You'll find an interesting article about this program at
Your responses to the questionnaire in the last newsletter were really
heartwarming, with many expressions of appreciation and affirmation.
The great majority wants us to keep the length and frequency of the
mailing as they are and to continue with the same content.  Some great
suggestions came as well: a request for reading lists, more info about
alumni achievements, stories about "average" students; and even ideas on
"what alumni can do to be of assistance."
In closing, let me pose another question: What do you consider the
greatest way in which a liberal arts education has enriched your life?
Send me a line or two on this topic and we may use some of your answers
in our outreach to students.
Thanks for this and for all you do for the College.  Have a happy and
healthy summer!
--
Richard W. Lariviere
Dean
College of Liberal Arts
The University of Texas at Austin
P.S. If you wish to be removed from this mailing list, please send a reply
to ladean@uts.cc.utexas.edu, saying "PLEASE REMOVE".
I have no objection.
Jim -
Do you have any objection to Paulette moving with Elizabeth?
Don't know if you care about this, but my little group is moving to 50M in a couple of weeks (to your old area, i think).  There is apparently lots of empty space on 50M, so if you want to move Paulette over and let her be near us, that is fine with me.
Have a great weekend.
Tom, the quotation is fine.  With respect to the Law Firm information, I would like to have the names of the individuals at Andrews & Kurth, Bracewell & Patterson, Gibbs & Bruns, King & Spalding, Locke Liddell, and Vinson & Elins who have not yet contributed.  Thank you. Jim
FYI
James
I will be sending four copies of PwC Local Deliverables Agreement, initialled by legal, for your signature. 
The  agreement forms part of the Global Outsourcing Contract for compliance services with PwC for European Commercial Finance Sarl.  It details what services we require PwC to perform i.e. tax compliance, statutory accounts preparation.
I'd be grateful if you could sign it and then return to me. 
If you have any questions please contact me on ext 37408. 
Many thanks 
Nathalie Buelens
Regional Accounting Support 
Enron House 
40 Grosvenor Place 
London 
SW1X 7EN 
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Summer Clerk Lunch
Report Total: $160.61
Amount Due Employee: $160.61
Amount Approved: $160.61
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
Attached please find an electronic copy of a memorandum that I prepared this week in connection with the claim by International Gas Limited ("IGL") against Enron Exploration Company ("EEC").  The claim appears to relate to the recent execution of an upstream gas development "Term Sheet" in connection with Project Dolphin, and certain rights IGL believes it has to participate in the benefits of such Term Sheet pursuant to a May 18, 1994 Agreement that was executed between IGL and EEC in connection with Enron's earlier Qatar LNG Project.
I understand from discussions the other day with Bob Williams and Don Wendland of EOG Resources Inc. ("EOG") that EOG will in all likelihood ask Pettman Smith (IGL's counsel in London) for an extension of the requested April 16 response date.
If you have any questions or comments on this memorandum, or if I can be of further assistance in connection with this claim, please do not hesitate to call on me.
Kind Dan
Please print the attachment. Thank you.
Attached please find the interim order from MERC.
Lance T. Brasher
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, L.L.P.
1440 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20005
Tel:  (202)371-7402
Fax: (202)393-5760
E-mail:  lbrasher@skadden.com Date: Tue, 29 May 2001 15:11:18 -0400
Please see the attached.
Lynette D. Kennedy
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
1440 New York Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C.  20005
(202) 371-7566
E-mail:  lkennedy@skadden.com
- was2_318182_1.pdf 
Has this document been picked up?
Please see message below as sent to Barbara Hankins yesterday.  If you could let me know whether or not you have signed the documents yet, David Gonzalez at this office is anxious to know where the docs are.
Many thanks.
Kind 
Have you received in the last week or so Power of Attorney docs to be signed by James Vinson Derrick Jnr.
If yes, could you give me an update as to their status and whether or not they are on their way back to London.
Many thanks.
Kind 
Nolda Halderman
Tel:  020 7783 2554
Mail:  nolda.halderman@
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
At Mike Perrin's request, I have attached a copy of his resume to this
email.  Please let me know that you have received it.  Also, please let me
know if you need any further information.  My telephone number, should you
need it, is 713-751-3216.
Judy Tucker
Office Administrator
King & Spalding
- 32XM01!.DOC 
Judy, I have received the resume. Thank you. Jim Derrick  
At Mike Perrin's request, I have attached a copy of his resume to this
email.  Please let me know that you have received it.  Also, please let me
know if you need any further information.  My telephone number, should you
need it, is 713-751-3216.
Judy Tucker
Office Administrator
King & Spalding
- 32XM01!.DOC  
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:=09=09Monday, June 4, 2001
Time:=09=0911:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location:=0950th Floor Boardroom
Video:=09=09Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf. Call:=09AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or=20
=09=09Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person=09=09__ [Derrick Jr., James]  x ____
By video conference from=09=09______
By conference call=09=09=09______
No, I will not attend=09=09=09______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, June 1.
Thank you,
Suzanne
Marc, I met this morning with an acquaintance, Eric Johnson, with respect to a product that he thought might be of interest to Enron. In our discussion it became apparent that his product is not an obvious fit with Enron, and he asked about the possibility of discussing the product with the New Power Company.  I gave him your name and number with the thought that you might direct him to the appropriate individual on the business side.  Jim  
Michelle, thanks! Jim
Jim,  Forgive my delayed response, but I, too, will look forward to co-chairing next year's legal conference with David and to following in the impressive footprints of Michelle Cash and the 2001 committee.   , Michelle 
Jim,
I am looking forward to working with Michelle to Co-Chair the 2002 event.  We appreciate your confidence in us and are honored to be the Co-Chairs.   Michelle Cash and her team did set a high standard and also put in place the ground work to help ensure successful events for the future.  I know Michelle Cash has a notebook of information that she would like to pass on to the next Chairs.  We will schedule a meeting with Michelle Cash shortly 
,
David
Michelle and David, I would very much appreciate your serving as Co-Chairs of the 2002 Enron Legal Department Conference, which will be held at a Westin resort in the Dallas area. Michelle Cash and her team, of which the two of you were important members, have set an extremely high standard, but I know that you will do a superb job! Please let me know when you would like me to ask the various groups to select the members of your team.  Thank you! Jim 
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Kerry Harrington
Expense Report Name: Summer Clerk Lunch
Report Total: $160.61
Amount Due Employee: $160.61
Amount Approved: $160.61
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Please see the message below.  I would appreciate your responding directly to John Keffer. Subject to the usual caveat regarding arbitration and litigation, I have no objection to John's undertaking the representation, but the two of you are better positioned than I to know whether this would be a problem.   Thank you.  Jim
Jim-I'm sorry to be bothering you about this again, but I need to get your
clearance for me to represent BP in a transaction in Bolivia where BP,
through its partially owned subsidiary Empresa Petrolera Chaco, will be
selling gas to Southern Cone Gas Ltd.  As I understand it, the gas is
intended for Enron's Cuiab? power plant in Brazil.
Thanks again.
John
John, I have asked Mark Haedicke and John Novak to respond to your question.  Jim
Jim-I'm sorry to be bothering you about this again, but I need to get your
clearance for me to represent BP in a transaction in Bolivia where BP,
through its partially owned subsidiary Empresa Petrolera Chaco, will be
selling gas to Southern Cone Gas Ltd.  As I understand it, the gas is
intended for Enron's Cuiab? power plant in Brazil.
Thanks again.
John
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Dues and forum fees
Report Total: $1,049.00
Amount Due Employee: $1,049.00
Amount Approved: $1,049.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Dues and forum fees
Report Total: $1,049.00
Amount Due Employee: $1,049.00
Amount Approved: $1,049.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: Summer Clerk Lunch
Report Total: $160.61
Amount Due Employee: $160.61
Amount Approved: $160.61
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: Dues and forum fees
Report Total: $1,049.00
Amount Due Employee: $1,049.00
Amount Approved: $1,049.00
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
DeMetris, thank you for the message.  I will look for the materials tomorrow.  It was good seeing you in Austin.  All the best.  Jim
This e-mail is to follow up our conversation Friday, June1st regarding a
sponsorship for the National Bar Association Convention to be held in Dallas
July 28 - August 4, 2001.  I am sending a packet to you via overnight mail.
You should get it tomorrow.  It has the levels of sponsorship.  If you have
questions, please call me at (214) 880-0089, ext. 2550 or e-mail me at
demetris@publicans.com  
Please see the message below.  Please let me have the materials when they arrive. Thank you.
This e-mail is to follow up our conversation Friday, June1st regarding a
sponsorship for the National Bar Association Convention to be held in Dallas
July 28 - August 4, 2001.  I am sending a packet to you via overnight mail.
You should get it tomorrow.  It has the levels of sponsorship.  If you have
questions, please call me at (214) 880-0089, ext. 2550 or e-mail me at
demetris@publicans.com  
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Kerry Harrington
Expense Report Name: various
Report Total: $1,313.83
Amount Due Employee: $1,313.83
Amount Approved: $1,313.83
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
I approve the motion.  Jim Derrick
Kim Gil Hyung/HR & Admin Team
2001-06-05 05:43 PM
Dear, Directors and Auditors of SK-Enron
At the 4th meeting of Board of Directors held on 22nd, May, the Directors and
Auditor present there have disscussed the disposition of Ildong country club
membership of SK Gas, but it was not resolved. However, it needs an urgent
motion due to the nature of deal.
Please find the minutes attached, and make sure whether you, Directors approve
it or not by this return e-mail as soon as possible.
,
Kim Gil Hyung
(See attached file: minutes.doc)
- minutes.doc  
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: various
Report Total: $1,313.83
Amount Due Employee: $1,313.83
Amount Approved: $1,313.83
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Roger, I've left a message for Chuck. Jim
jim,  thankyou most graciously for the help.  i share your philosophy that you "try to support the lawyers in our community."  i feel i too give that support through my active presence as a member of the boards/executive committees of the federal bar association, south texas chapter (vice president), american inns of court, garland walker inn (secretary), american bar association, section of litigation (co-chair of cle)  and of course the ut law school executive committee.
we would like to contact chuck cheek as well (we do have an oil and gas practice) and i would appreciate your giving him a "heads up" that jerry swonke or i will contact him.   thanks.     ,  roger
When his telephone was stolen, JVD III lost Katherine Frels' Madrid telephone number.  If you have it, he would appreciate your e-mailing it to him.  Thanks!
FYI should you get any media questions re this matter.
Here is the proposed consent decree I mentioned in my voice message.
I am forwarding the draft Consent Decree prepared by the FCC. Please review
and forward your comments to us. I am going to be out of town starting on
Friday  and will be gone through the following week. If you need me my
secretary can find me. Leah Medway (202-639-6723)is up to speed on this
issue and can help facilitate its resolution with the FCC.  , Bob
Mazer
++++++  - Enron Consent Decree.1.doc 
FYI
Ken and Jeff:
Glen Darden, the President and CEO of Quicksilver Resources, Inc., is a longtime personal and professional friend of mine.  Recently, he has asked whether I would consider serving as an outside Director on the Board of Directors of Quicksilver.  Before meeting with Glen to discuss this further, I want to make sure that Enron does not have any objections.
Headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, Quicksilver is a natural gas and crude oil production company engaged in the development and acquisition of long-lived producing natural gas and oil properties. Quicksilver began trading publicly in March of 1999 on the American Stock Exchange (KWK).  Quicksilver has a long standing business relationship with Enron.  Enron has historically entered into pre-pays and hedging transactions related to natural gas production and continues to do so today.  Enron (via JEDI) also provided some financing at the time of the merger of Quicksilver and Mercury Exploration and was a significant shareholder of Quicksilver at the time of its initial public offering.  I believe JEDI has since divested this stockholding.
If I were to serve on the board of Quicksilver, I expect that there will be related party transactions of a routine ongoing nature that would need to be disclosed and which I would need to abstain from voting on as a member of the board.  However, I do not feel there would be any material conflicts of interest as Quicksilver's core business is complementary to Enron, not competitive with Enron.  As a personal matter, it is an experience that would be beneficial and would provide valuable personal visibility in our industry.
I am scheduled to meet with Glen and others at Quicksilver later this month to further discuss this possibility.  Would each of you please let me know after due consideration whether you have any objection to or concern with the position.  Please do not hesitate to call me (x67713) if you have any questions or wish to discuss this further.
Thanks.
Jim Hughes
FYI
I thought that you might like to know. Alison
Our friend and former partner, Hugh McIntosh, completed his degree at the
Harvard Divinity School and was ordained to the ministry on June 3, 2001 at
the North-Prospect United Church of Christ in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In
the program for the service, he expressed great appreciation to his partners
and friends at Vinson & Elkins for "their wisdom, professionalism and
support which built the foundation for the future."
Hugh and Sara will soon move to Hawaii, where Hugh will be a chaplain at the
Punahou School.
I am attaching a picture of Hugh following the service, and hope that you
enjoy it.
++++++  - The Reverend Hugh McIntosh resized again.jpg 
FYI
Jim -
I have attached a June 8, 2001 memorandum detailing the status of EWS litigation.  Per your request, this memorandum will be provided to you on a weekly basis.  Changes from the previous week will be in bold.
Thanks.
Andy
Peter, thank you for the message. Thanks to your good work, it appears that matters are in order.  All the best.  Jim
Jim/Mark, attached is a memo that reflects my conversations with Jim Christie, Chairman of Blakes, regarding the ongoing management of Enron work, which I believe reflects our own internal discussions.  I am copying the lawyers in my group for their information.   , Peter.
Dear Peter:
Thank you for your note.  I enclose a clean copy of my memo as requested.
When I am next in Calgary, I would like to get together with you and, if he is available, Rob Milnthorp.  In the meantime, if there is anything I can assist with, please give me a call.
,
James R. Christie
Chairman
Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP
Commerce Court West
Box 25, 28th Floor
Toronto, Ontario  M5L 1A9
Tel:  416-863-2546
Fax:  416-863-2653
Email:  jim.christie@blakes.com
This e-mail communication is confidential and legally privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, please notify me at the telephone number shown above or by return e-mail and delete this communication and any copy immediately.  Thank you.
- PeterKeo.DOC   - JIM CHRISTIE.vcf  
Rex, I will ask him to include you on the list. Jim
Jim:  Thanks for forwarding this to me---this helps me with our ongoing (seemingly daily!) disclosure issues.  Considering the confidential nature of these litigation memos, and the fact that Andy probably doesn't know who the heck I am(and probably doesn't care!), would you ask him to include me on his distribution list?  I think he will be more comfortable getting the request from you.  Thanks, Rex.
FYI
Jim -
I have attached a June 8, 2001 memorandum detailing the status of EWS litigation.  Per your request, this memorandum will be provided to you on a weekly basis.  Changes from the previous week will be in bold.
Thanks.
Andy
Rob, thank you for the information.  Jim
Jim:
Enron has been giving $10,000 annually to the Law & Organizational Economics Center for several years for their programs providing economic education to state judges.  I have been following the program and have been impressed by the quality of presentations and professors lecturing to state officials on such things as opportunity cost, cost/benefit analysis, and risk analysis.  Many of these judges have not had much training in economics.
Attached is a note from Henry Butler about moving his program from the University of Kansas to Chapman University, which was due to an additional financial support and a better location for operations.  A spreadsheet at the bottom shows the total number of state judges who have gone through his program since it began in the mid-1990s by state.
I have recommended to the Enron Foundation (Misha Siegel and Elyse Kalmans) that we renew the support in 2002.  You opinion might be asked as well, so I wanted to provide this to you.  If you have any questions, let me know.
- Rob
Rob:
I've attached two documents:
First, an Excel Spreadsheet listing the number of judicial participants by
court and state. We do not ask the judges for their political affiliations.
In many states, the judges are elected in "nonpartisan" elections -- of
course, it is usually pretty clear who is what.  I imagine that there is a
"selection bias" toward more conservative judges -- however, even if there
is such a bias, our programs are still very valuable when in comes to making
our civil justice system more predictable.  Even the pro-business judges
need to understand how to articulate the economic reasoning that supports
their pro-business instincts.  We provide them with the tools to be more
effective.
Second, a generic description of Chapman from their P.R. office.  Rest
assured, the church does not play a major role in the University.
Also, I wanted to mention to you a significant connection between Chapman
University and Enron.  The most important player at Chapman is George L.
Argyros.  George is Chairman of the Board of Trustees and a very loyal
financial supporter of the University.  I will be Dean of the George L.
Argyros School of Business and Economics.  George has been nominated by
President Bush as Ambassador to Spain.
George Argyros is also Chairman Emeritus & Treasurer of the Horatio Alger
Association.  Kenneth L. Lay is Executive Vice President of the Horatio
Alger Association.
I suspect that Mr. Argyros and Mr. Lay have worked closely in their
leadership capacities with the Horatio Alger Association.
I would hope that this connection would result in a much larger contribution
to the Chapman LOEC.  Do you have any suggestions about how to proceed?
Checks should be made payable to "Chapman LOEC" and sent to me at the
address below.
Thanks for Enron's support.
Hope all is well with you.
Sincerely,
Henry
P.S.  I will be out of the office all next week on vacation.
Henry N. Butler, J.D., Ph.D.
Koch Distinguished Professor of Law and Economics
Director, Law and Organizational Economics Center
University of Kansas
Lawrence, KS  66045
785-864-7515
785-864-5702 (fax)
hbutler@ku.edu
Henry N. Butler
(new address as of July 16, 2001)
Dean, The Argyros School of Business and Economics
James Farley Professor of Economics
Chapman University
One University Drive
Orange, CA  92866
714-997-6576
714-744-7890 (fax)
hbutler@chapman.edu
- Overview of Chapman.doc   - June 2001 Judicial Participant Numbers by State and Court.xls  
Andy, I would appreciate your including Rex Rogers on the distribution list for the Litigation Report.  Thank you.  Jim
Jim, thanks for the update.  Have a safe and good trip.  All the best. Jim
jim, this may be out of date by now, but i thought
might like to see it. jim
Note: forwarded message attached.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get personalized email addresses from Yahoo! Mail - only $35 
a year 
I am informed that you are travelling to India for the hearing in the MERC WP. Here's the latest, according to me.
The WP is expected to be listed fairly low down on the cause list (board or docket of the Court) for Monday 11 June 2001. In the normal course, I do not expect it will reach hearing on Monday. The Advocate-General has indicated that MSEB will be ready to go for a hearing on Monday. He said to AMS today that an affidavit of the MSEB will be served tomorrow on DPC (it will be Shobhan's office!). The Division Bench as per the assignment will take admission matters  (and ours is an admission matter) only on Mondays and Tuesdays of the week. Therefore if it appears at 2 p.m., when the Judges will rise for lunch, that the matter is unlikely to reach on Monday / Tuesday next week, an application will be made to the Judges at 2.45 p.m. (when the Court re-assembles after the lunch break) that the DPC WP be placed "High on Board" on tuesday so that it reaches hearing on that day. The urgency that will be pointed out is that MERC has kept the matter on 14 June 2001.
It is possible that when such aplication is made (or if the matter has reached int he normal course) that the Court may say that since this matter is likely to take time for hearing, it is better if it is set up for hearing on a day when the cause list of the Court is not inundated with admission work. If this happens, we are relegated to any day Wednesday onwards and it could even be beyond 14 June 2001. Obviously, in that case, if the next date is after 14 June 2001, suitable orders will be sought that the hearing before MERC on 14 June does not proceed.
I hope this clarifies the position here. Please feel free to contact me in case you need any further information. 
Please note that my e-mail address has changed to atul_rajadhyaksha@atulrajadhyaksha.com  Kind Atul Rajadhyaksha 
Do You Yahoo!?Yahoo! Mail Personal Address  
Emily, it appears that a matter in Europe will prevent me from attending.  I will contact you if the plans change.  Thank you.  Jim Derrick--Enron.
TO:  Members of the ABA's Corporate General Counsel Committee
FR:  Sara Moss, Program Chair
RE:  2001 Spring Meeting in Philadelphia
Attached is the agenda for the upcoming Spring meeting in Philadelphia.  The
Executive Committee has worked hard to develop a program that we anticipate
will
be lively and informative.  One of the highlights is the Thursday afternoon
panel of Washington experts discussing the new political environment, as
well as
legislation and policy initiatives that we should be aware of.
If you have not done so already, please let us know if you plan on attending
the
Spring meeting by responding to this e-mail.
If you have any questions about the program or the meeting in general please
call either Ann Linnehan at (203) 351-6113 or Emily Ward at (404) 249-2717.
I look forward to seeing all of you in Philadelphia.
Emily N. Ward
Paralegal
BellSouth Corporation
404/249-2717
Fax 404/249-5901
emily.ward@bellsouth.com
Ipager: emilyward@bellsouthips.com
- ABA CCGC - Spring 2001 Meeting Agenda.doc  
Thanks!  You too.
FYI -- Happy Easter.
Rob - I want to let you know how much we need and appreciate Paulette Obrecht's technical assistance and to thank you for making her services available to us.  Geneva Holland had been working on several important software projects for the Corporate Services group before she left Enron and we need someone with similar or greater computer expertise to continue to work on these projects, refine and update them as necessary.  Paulette is filling the gap wonderfully well 
Happy Easter!
Kate
Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
Fax: (713) 646-8007
Email: kate.cole@
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $69.26
Amount Due Employee: $69.26
Amount Approved: $69.26
Amount Paid: $69.26
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: Paid
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Jim,
I hope you and Carrin enjoyed your weekend in London and had a good trip back to Houston.
A couple of things:
- I wondered if it was clear yet when General Counsel meetings would be held prior to the conference, and whether those would be in Houston or San Antonio?
- how did Marcus Zwinger impress you? I would like to make him an offer, if you are agreeable.
- we are seeing a sudden increase in metals related arbitration claims. We intend to use two firms to assist with these - both are established shipping / commodities law firms: Holman Fenwick is one, Richards Butler is the other. Please let me know if we have any issues with either of those firms.
Many thanks.
Mark
Mark, thank you for the message.  Carrin and I returned safely; we very much enjoyed our dinner with the two of you and look forward to reciprocating in Houston.  In response to your questions:  (1) the GCs will meet in San Antonio beginning on the Wednesay morning of the conference.  There will be no scheduled GC dinner the night before, but those GCs who are in San Antonio that night may get together for an informal one; (2) I enjoyed meeting Marcus; my only question relates to the amount of legal experience he has; as you know, we normally take individuals who have been practicing longer than he has practiced; if you are satisfied that he can do the job well, I will support your recommendation; and (3) I do not have any issues with either of the law firms you mentioned. All the best. Jim 
Jim,
I hope you and Carrin enjoyed your weekend in London and had a good trip back to Houston.
A couple of things:
- I wondered if it was clear yet when General Counsel meetings would be held prior to the conference, and whether those would be in Houston or San Antonio?
- how did Marcus Zwinger impress you? I would like to make him an offer, if you are agreeable.
- we are seeing a sudden increase in metals related arbitration claims. We intend to use two firms to assist with these - both are established shipping / commodities law firms: Holman Fenwick is one, Richards Butler is the other. Please let me know if we have any issues with either of those firms.
Many thanks.
Mark
FYI
Dear  Jim,
I have been working  with Tony Jarret (Director, Tax Research) and David Eldridge (IT, Tax  Department) at Enron; learning about Enron and how a knowledge management tool  could help everyone in Enron do their jobs more efficiently.  Presently, we  are very strong in the Legal Vertical due to the overwhelming amount of content  that lawyers deal with on a daily basis.  I have attached 3 documents that  you might find interesting, as they relate to the Legal Vertical.  Should  you have any questions, please contact me at your convenience.  I look  forward to learning more about the Enron Legal Department.
,
________________________________________________
John K. Worrell,  Jr.
Account  Executive
NextPage, Inc. -  Houston
10814 White Oak Trace  Dr.
Cypress, TX  77429
832.237.2617  office
281.804.9941  cell
208.988.2117  efaxjohn.worrell@nextpage.com johnworrell@palm.net ________________________________________________
NXT 3 is  Peer-2-Peer e-Content Networking  
- NXT 3 Advantages-Legal.pdf 
- NXT 3 Content Networks.pdf 
- Law Office Computing 3-01.pdf 
FYI
VINSON & ELKINS LABOR & EMPLOYMENT E-LERT
___________________________________________________________
Disregarding some federal cases to the contrary, the Supreme Court of Texas
has held that the correct standard of causation applicable in all TCHRA
discrimination cases is the "motivating factor" standard.  Accordingly, the
Court found that the trial court erred by refusing to give a "motivating
factor" instruction in this pretext case.  Prior federal court decisions
addressing Title VII "pretext" cases had required a plaintiff to demonstrate
that the protected characteristic was a "determining factor" in the decision
at issue. These federal cases indicated that the "motivating factor"
standard was applicable only to "mixed motive cases" in which the plaintiff
had direct evidence of discrimination.
Also troubling for Texas employers is the Court's secondary holding
regarding the plaintiff's evidence of age discrimination.  The company
terminated the plaintiff's employment for documented poor performance.
Because the plaintiff offered anecdotal evidence from co-workers suggesting
that he was a good performer, the court determined that he had produced
sufficient evidence of pretext to get to the jury, citing Reeves v.
Sanderson Plumbing Prods. Inc., 120 S.Ct. 2097 (2000).  As suggested by the
dissenting judges, this holding could mean that a plaintiff can avoid
summary judgment in a poor performance case by producing some evidence of
positive performance feedback
For a detailed summary of the decision, please see
___________________________________________________________
If you have any problems receiving the Labor & Employment e-LERT
via e-mail or have any comments, please direct such to Candace Pinnell
at mailto:cpinnell@velaw.com.  Please do not "Reply" to this e-mail.
___________________________________________________________
HOW TO SUBSCRIBE OR UNSUBSCRIBE
To subscribe to Vinson & Elkins Labor & Employment E-LERT
please e-mail your name, title, organization, address, fax number, voice
number,
and e-mail address to Candace Pinnell  at mailto:cpinnell@velaw.com
To unsubscribe to Vinson & Elkins Labor & Employment E-LERT
please mailto:cpinnell@velaw.com with the subject line: remove.
___________________________________________________________
Your email address for newsletter delivery: james.derrick@
++++++ Jeff, FYI. This is from Bill Urquhart, the lead litigation partner at the California law firm that is representing us in the Los Angeles litigation.  Jim
Hi Jim--
The last month or so have been so hectic I have barely had time to breath.  We have gone from fire to fire.  Over the last 24 hours (since we submitted our last hurry up brief) I have been reflecting on the experience.  To say it has been positive is an understatement.
Under ordinary circumstances working under such continual pressure--with so much $ on the line--would have been stressful.  However, when you work with Enron the opposite is true.  There is such a sense of esprit d' corp that permeates your organization.  It makes difficult things easy and the impossible, just another day in the office.
There are no egos to trip over at Enron.  When there is a problem to solve, it is everyone's problem.  People are not afraid of asking questions.  They keep questioning until they understand.  Nobody minds repeating themselves.  They are incredibly patient with outside lawyers--spending hours and hours bringing us up to speed.  As you well know, yours is not a simple business.  It is so refreshing.
There are so many benefits to this team approach.
1.  You get things right the first time.  As you know, in any litigation is critical that the court view your side as the teller of truth.  Because you get things right the first time,  the company is not exposed to being discredited when the other side responds.
2.  I would bet that Enron's outside legal bills are half what they would be otherwise.  With most companies the outside (and inside) lawyers get a minimum of support from the business people.  The business people view business as business and lawsuits as an annoyance.  (I should say that I could never understand that given the direct  Perhaps it is the trader mentality at the company.  Perhaps it is an unwavering focus on the bottom line.  Perhaps it is just that everyone feels they are a part of a team and they realize that by working together the team can achieve things that no one person can do working alone.  Whatever the reason, the outside lawyer's job is made so much easier.  That results in much, much lower legal bills.
3. You increase your chances of winning.  The brainstorming is so valuable.
4. The outside lawyers, like me, feel they are part of the team.  Outside lawyers do not feel as if they are on trial.  They can ask the dumb questions.  I know that all of us here are looking forward to the next opportunity to work with the Enron team.
5.  Human nature being what it is--I think that when there are choices to be made as to whose work goes on the top of the pile--the Enron assignment goes to the top more often than not.
You have built a great legal team.  All of your legal staff should be proud of what they have built.
Thanks for letting us come along for the ride.
,
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
Bill, I have just returned from almost two weeks in London and seen your message.  Thank you for the feedback and for everything that you and your firm have done for us. I believe our respective organizations make a great team!  Please give my and Carrin's best to your wife:  we have many fond memories of our time with the two of you and your other guests at the GRAMMY Awards.  Also, I mentioned to Jonathon Sumption, Q.C. that we had the honor of being represented by you; he is another of your fans.  All the best.  Jim
Hi Jim--
The last month or so have been so hectic I have barely had time to breath.  We have gone from fire to fire.  Over the last 24 hours (since we submitted our last hurry up brief) I have been reflecting on the experience.  To say it has been positive is an understatement.
Under ordinary circumstances working under such continual pressure--with so much $ on the line--would have been stressful.  However, when you work with Enron the opposite is true.  There is such a sense of esprit d' corp that permeates your organization.  It makes difficult things easy and the impossible, just another day in the office.
There are no egos to trip over at Enron.  When there is a problem to solve, it is everyone's problem.  People are not afraid of asking questions.  They keep questioning until they understand.  Nobody minds repeating themselves.  They are incredibly patient with outside lawyers--spending hours and hours bringing us up to speed.  As you well know, yours is not a simple business.  It is so refreshing.
There are so many benefits to this team approach.
1.  You get things right the first time.  As you know, in any litigation is critical that the court view your side as the teller of truth.  Because you get things right the first time,  the company is not exposed to being discredited when the other side responds.
2.  I would bet that Enron's outside legal bills are half what they would be otherwise.  With most companies the outside (and inside) lawyers get a minimum of support from the business people.  The business people view business as business and lawsuits as an annoyance.  (I should say that I could never understand that given the direct  Perhaps it is the trader mentality at the company.  Perhaps it is an unwavering focus on the bottom line.  Perhaps it is just that everyone feels they are a part of a team and they realize that by working together the team can achieve things that no one person can do working alone.  Whatever the reason, the outside lawyer's job is made so much easier.  That results in much, much lower legal bills.
3. You increase your chances of winning.  The brainstorming is so valuable.
4. The outside lawyers, like me, feel they are part of the team.  Outside lawyers do not feel as if they are on trial.  They can ask the dumb questions.  I know that all of us here are looking forward to the next opportunity to work with the Enron team.
5.  Human nature being what it is--I think that when there are choices to be made as to whose work goes on the top of the pile--the Enron assignment goes to the top more often than not.
You have built a great legal team.  All of your legal staff should be proud of what they have built.
Thanks for letting us come along for the ride.
,
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
Gentlemen, I have just returned from almost two weeks in London (in connection with one of our mattters that was being heard by 5 of the Law Lords of the House of Lords) and found your message. I will coordinate travel plans with Bobby.  I am very honored to be included in this most memorable event. All the best.  Jim
Here is the proposed plan. Jim and Bobby should come over to Atlanta as
early as convenient on May 14. Lunch, maybe a few people who want to talk to
Jim, etc. We'll leave here to drive over (2 1/4 hours) to arrive about 6
p.m. for drinks and dinner.
Spend the night, play the next day, drive  back. Jim and  Bobby should let
us know what your return schedule to Houston would be, but later is better
so no one feels rushed.
This should be great!
Dalton, I have just returned to the office from a business trip to London of almost two weeks and found your messsage.  I think it would be very interesting to hear from Dr. Brenner.  All the best. Jim 
I am mindful that our guest speakers are ordinarily involved in the
legal profession in some manner.  Due to the May 1st date falling in the
final days of the legislative session, my efforts to get one of our key
legislators to speak in Houston on that day have been unavailing (all would
be anxious to do so at some later date).
Consequently, I have tentatively arranged for Malcolm K. Brenner to
join us that day.  Dr. Brenner is a Professor in the  Department of
Pediatrics and Medicine, Section of Hematology-Oncology, at Baylor College
of Medicine.  Among other duties at the Center for Cell and Gene Therapy at
Baylor, Texas Children's Hospital and The Methodist Hospital, Dr. Brenner is
the Director of the Shell Center for Gene Therapy at Baylor.  My thought was
that you might find it interesting to hear what Dr. Brenner has to say about
where we  are and where we are going in the field of gene therapy.  He
recently made a similar presentation to our Board of Trustees, and it was
very well received.
If anyone thinks it undesirable to depart from past practice in this
way, please say so.  Further, I will be happy to have anyone else that you
may suggest join us on May 1st in Dr. Brenner's stead.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $69.26
Amount Due Employee: $69.26
Amount Approved: $69.26
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
I have reviewed your public information, and feel you may have interest in a concept that we have developed to secure nonqualified executive benefits. The concept, which we have trade marked, the Secured Trust  may provide the maximum protection to executive's retirement and deferred compensation benefits, without a charge to corporate earnings.
Our organization has been on the forefront with these innovative designs. Our clients are many of the Fortune 1000. 
I would like to have an opportunity to share this information with you, and also give you a copy of our "Best Practices Report", on non-qualified deferred compensation plans. Please let me know if you have interest.
Clark/Bardes Consulting-Compensation Resource Group, has 18 offices, over 500 Fortune 1000 clients, and the largest executive benefits administration system in the country.
CBC-CRG has over $11 billion under management in non-qualified deferred compensation plans. We also own Pearl Meyer & Partners, the executive compensation consulting firm, and Executive Alliance the HR Consulting firm and the producer of the SC Chips survey.
William L. MacDonald 
President & Chief Executive Officer 
Clark/Bardes Consulting  Compensation Resource Group 
633 West 5th Street, 52nd Floor 
Los Angeles, Ca 90071 
(NASDQ:CLKB) 
www.crgworld.com 
This is a transmission from Clark/Bardes Consulting - CRG, and may contain information that is privileged and confidential. Clark/Bardes Consulting - CRG assumes no responsibility for damages resulting from unauthorized access, disclosure or tampering, which could have occurred during transmission. If you have received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify Clark/Bardes Consulting - CRG immediately at (213) 438-6300.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Vickie P. Malloy
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $69.26
Amount Due Employee: $69.26
Amount Approved: $69.26
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $69.26
Amount Due Employee: $69.26
Amount Approved: $69.26
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Coronado Club
Report Total: $69.26
Amount Due Employee: $69.26
Amount Approved: $69.26
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Quinn Emanuel
Report Total: $2,390.25
Amount Due Employee: $2,390.25
Amount Approved: $2,390.25
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
Please find attached a notice of a board of directors meeting for Transborder Gas Services Ltd. for next Weds., March 28, 2001.  The meeting will be held immediately after presentations to the shareholders' representatives (Enron & Shell ) in Cuiaba, Brazil and will start at 11:00 am local time (9am Houston time).  There will be a telephone call-in number for board members who can not attend in person which will circulate later this week.
,
Eddy Daniels
Please print the message below.  Thank you.
Jim, I promised you some contact details.
Although I'm a little late with formal notification, as from the beginning of
the year I joined Societe Generale on a part-time basis.  I'm a Senior
International Adviser which means I do pretty much anything I want to turn my
hand to.  Jay Worenklein, who's the Global Head of Project Finance in New York,
is an old friend and we have always said that it would be fun to work together
if the opportunity ever arose.
In parallel with the SG role, I am continuing with the two roles for the British
Government I had previously mentioned to you: as adviser to the Deputy Prime
Minister and the Minister of Transport on the use of private finance in the
transport sector, and as non-executive Deputy Chairman of Partnerships UK, the
new merchant bank cum project developer the Government has formed to take
forward its well-known private finance programme.  So you can see that I've
finally ended up with the sort of portfolio we were discussing last fall.
Contact details are as follows:
Mobile              44 7802 655 605
At Partnerships UK  44 20 7273 8341 (direct)
44 20 7273 8357 (my personal secretary - Carole James- who can
usually be relied upon to know where I am)
44 20 7273 8383 (switch)
44 20 7273 8367     (fax)
e-mail:  adrian.montague@partnershipsuk.org.uk
At Societe Generale 44 20 7676 6821 (direct)
44 20 7676 6881 (Nicola White - who tends to now where I am when
I'm at SG, or is a good point of call if Carole is not there)
44 30 7676 6000 (switch)
44 20 7667 2487 (fax)
e-mail: as above
Since I move between offices a fair amount, if you send an e-mail, it's best to
send to both addressed at once.
All the best
Adrian
Please let me know what Michelle finds out.  Thank you.
fyi
Thanks Rob--first I've heard of it, but will contact Joe and we'll check it out.
MB
Michelle -
Are you in the loop on this?
FYI:  I'm trying to get my hand on the report.  Evidently this is a crude trading deal.
Habiba Bayi@_DEVELOPMENT
03/19/2001 02:48 PM
La Hora (Ecuador), 16 Mar 2001, ON-LINE:-
In Ecuador, the anti-corruption and public ethics commission CCCC announced it has detected irregularities in the contract this country's state-owned oil company PetroEcuador signed with Arcadia, Texaco, Enron and Glencore, involving some 72,000 crude oil barrels per day production. The CCCC released a report it plans to pass to this country's General Attorney for its further anlysis.
Bob, congratulations on this matter and on the Baltimore matter.  In light of your admirable batting average, we may need to reinsert you in the CATS Litigation! All the best.  Jim
We settled this case at mediation yesterday for a $125,000 payment by Omnicomp and a $125,000 payment by Steve Heinz.  The reason we settled is that we had some exposure (the two mock juries both came back in favor of Linton, awarding an average of $1 million in damages), and the estimated cost of litigation through trial and appeal was $150,000-$175,000.  Our counsel, Tom Allen of Reed Smith, did an excellent job with the case, and I would recommend using him again.  Please call me with any questions 
FYI
Jim and Ben:
As directors of Atlantic Water Trust, Arthur Andersen will request you to sign the AWT management representation letter.   As you might be aware, this year Enron is required to file the AWT 12/31/00 audited financial statements as an attachment to the Enron 10-K, due to the significant write-down of Azurix.     The current deadline of the audit and sign-off on the final AWT financial statements is March 27th.   The deadline is primarily driven by Azurix and the completion of their 10-K.   Therefore I anticipate that the representation letter you will be ask to sign, will not be circulated until later this month.  In the meantime if you have any questions or concerns please call.
,
Mike Morrison 
Kate, I've just returned to Houston from a lengthy stay in London and found your message.  I have no objection to including any information that is pertinent to the firms' conflcits checks.  As to yoga, I do intend to try it as soon as my travel schedule permits.  All the best. Jim 
Jim - It's been suggested to me that we should include more information than just the list of all active entities that is currently distributed to the major Houston law firms (your list of contacts).  It's suggested that we should include (i) dba's, (ii) historical entities to include mergers and dissolutions, and (iii) name changes.  Please advise how you wish me to proceed and I'll look at packaging the information in the most compact manner although it's going to be bulky 
Have you tried the yoga in the Body Shop yet?
Kate
Kate B. Cole
Director, Corporate Services
Enron Corp.
Tel: (713) 853-1624
Fax: (713) 646-8007
Email: kate.cole@
Mark was going to discuss the matter with Peter and then get with me.  To my knowledge, no decision has yet been made. Jim
Has a decision been made about this matter?
thanks, Vicki=20
Perhaps we could discuss this following the GC meeting tomorrow.  Jim
Jim and Mark, as you know, we have established a retail affiliate within Enron Canada known as Enron Direct.  In addition, EES has a Canadian entity, EES Canada, which was established for the purposes of entering into some cross-border transactions in Canada.  For various reasons, it has been decided to roll Enron Direct into EES Canada reporting, commercially, to Rob Milnthorp, who will in turn report to Dave Delainey.  There are two legal/governance-related issues that I wanted to raise with you:
1.=09Governance:  As a result, it will be necessary to make various corporate re-organizations to EES Canada.  This will include having EES Canada established as an Alberta corporation, where Enron Canada has, and Enron Direct will have, its principal Canadian office.  In relation to this, I was considering that EES Canada should be organized consistent with Enron Canada, with two Canadian resident nominee directors and Canadian-resident officers.  A few years back, it was decided, for corporate law and, more importantly, tax-related "permanent establishment" issues, that all directors and officers of Enron Canada would be Canadian-resident employees of Enron Canada.  Accordingly, Enron Canada was re-organized with a nominee board of directors consisting of Rob Milnthorp (as the senior commercial employee) and me (as the senior legal employee) with a Canadian slate of officers being the Vice-Presidents or Managing Directors in Canada responsible for the various commercial or commercial-support groups.  I was thinking of doing likewise with EES Canada.  Although I have not yet obtained a copy of the corporate records for EES Canada, I believe the current directors of EES Canada are Jim and an outside lawyer at Blake, Cassels & Graydon in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  I am not sure, but it is also likely that various US-based employees of EES are designated as the officers of EES Canada.  Would it be appropriate to re-organize EES Canada along the same lines that Enron Canada has been organized, or do you have concerns?
2.=09Law Firm:  Following-up on our conversation last week, I want to confirm that our continued use of Donahue Ernst & Young for this retail project was "grandfathered" on the basis that they were "up the learning curve" on a number of the contracting, regulatory, licensing and market participation issues.  There is one twist, however, with respect to EES Canada.  Although I was not involved, I believe that EES Canada was established to execute on some gas transactions in Ontario with the use of a Blakes partner in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  However, as the focus of the business initiative in Canada will, at least in the near future, be more involved and predominantly, if not entirely, in Alberta; and as Donahue Ernst & Young is involved in regulatory proceedings on our behalf with respect to market design issues affecting the Alberta gas and power markets, as well as being familiar with the licensing and contracting requirements for Enron Direct in Alberta; and given my understanding that Blakes' involvement with EES Canada has been relatively limited, I think it would make sense to have Donahue Ernst & Young continue on with this matter.  I am, however, sensitive to Jim's concerns, and therefore wanted your thoughts on the matter.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Peter
FYI.  It appears that this scam, which, as you know, we have seen in many letters over the years, has made its way onto the net.  I have advised Joannie that she should not respond to this.  Jim
Thought you should see this.
Thanks,
Joannie
rasheed mohammed 
Dear Friend,
I am Dr Rasheed Mohammed, the newly appointed head of
the Foreign Remittance Department in the Central Bank
of Nigeria (CBN). I got your contact from a business
directory of your country and based on your business
activities and the type of investment I have in mind,
I found you to be the most suitable person for the
transaction stated below.
Before I proceed, I want to strongly advice that you
devoid yourself from the general conception you have
about Nigerians. I would like you to carefully study
this proposal without bias, since it would be relevant
in our lives.
It is a usual practice in Nigeria for ministers and
high-ranking government officials to divert
government's money into their private accounts; this
is usually done through CBN with the connivance of
senior officials. The ministers and military generals
especially during the era of late general sani Abacha,
achieve this by diverting most of the funds, meant for
the development of their respective agencies and
ministries into the CBN escrow accounts. Usually it is
this same escrow account that holds funds for the
payment of foreign contracts.  With the help of the
inside officials, the minister or senior government
officials and military generals would now create
themselves or employ the assistance of a foreign
partner to create them as artificial contractors,
using fiticious documents to remit the deposited money
to the nominated bank account of their foreign
partners. In this case the money is treated as payment
for foreign contract, and there is no trace. This is
how federal government's money is siphoned on a
regular basis, to the extent that most people now
result to letter scams and fraud due to the knowledge
they have about it.
Due to the impromptu removal of my successor from the
central bank, he did not have enough time to perfect
and tidy up the transactions they have in place. So
the funds are now trapped at the central bank escrow
account with no records. I just discovered this in a
bid to fulfill my obligation to submit the state of
our escrow account to the federal government and the
governor of CBN before I commence any foreign payment.
I am conducting a sort of reconciliation of our escrow
account to declare to the government the total amount
that have been spent in the last three years and what
it was spent for. So,  in the course of carrying out
the above exercise, I discovered a total sum of
$150MILLION in the escrow account that is unknown to
anyone and with no records. My intention is to reveal
about USD $100M to the federal government so that I
can be in his good books and make arrangement to
transfer the outstanding USD $50M into a safe account
abroad. It is based on this that I am making this
urgent contact with you.
However, I am doing this because of the nature of my
job. I am a civil servant that is poorly paid and more
so, there is no way I can remain in this office
forever. I have children to cater for even when I
retire as the director, which is just next year. So, I
need something tangible to fall back on when I retire.
Besides, if I declare the total funds to the
government, it would probably go into the pockets of a
few people that control the government. This is to
enlighten you on the degree of corruption in Nigeria.
So, do not blame me for my action because you would do
the same if you were in my shoes, knowing fully well
that there will be no compensation even if you
disclose everything to the government.
Well, I have discovered that I can transfer this money
if we could quickly create you as an artificial
contractor, by using your company document and Bank
account to receive the money, in the same way my
successor transferred theirs. The only difference is
that the final payment is going to be made to your
named company through any of our correspondent payment
center in Europe or America, due to the policies
adopted by the new democratic government.
The entire process is not easy, but it is achievable
due to my position in the foreign remittance
department of the CBN, and the relationship I have
with the present director of external payment and
finance of the federal ministry of finance.
The entire operation will be between the three of us:
(I) I shall take care of all documentation, (ii) My
friend in the federal ministry of finance will take
care of all lobbying and use of influence to get all
documentation, (iii) You shall take care of the
banking arrangements, provide the needed invoices to
enable us apply for claims and approvals and travel as
the beneficiary to receive the funds from the payment
center you shall be paid from.
After we have succeeded in transferring this funds,
20% shall be retained by you for your assistance, 5%
for the settlement of all debts we might incur in the
course of this transaction and the remaining 75% shall
be for me and my colleague, which we would possibly
invest in into your company or any viable business
venture you suggest.
If you are comfortable with this programme please
revert to me at once via telephone number
234-1-7593507 or fax number 234-1-7590440. Should your
response be positive, I would then instruct on the
next step to take.
Due to security reasons, when you call, do not ask for
any name, simply ask me to reconfirm the telephone
number. Once I reconfirm my number to be
234-1-7593507, you can then mention my name before you
go into any discussion. If I fail to reply correctly,
do not wait for a second trial, just drop the phone
and call back later.
We demand a quick response from you. Any delay might
result in contacting someone else. Irrespective of
what happens, we count on your maturity to keep the
transaction to yourself. So, you are advised to treat
this transaction with utmost confidentiality.
Looking forward to your urgent response.
Yours faithfully,
Dr Rasheed Mohammed
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Saudi, I thought you would be interested in this. It appears that this scam, which, as you know, we have seen in many letters through the years, has made its way onto the net.  I have advised Joannie that she should not respond to this request. All the best.  Jim
Thought you should see this.
Thanks,
Joannie
rasheed mohammed 
Dear Friend,
I am Dr Rasheed Mohammed, the newly appointed head of
the Foreign Remittance Department in the Central Bank
of Nigeria (CBN). I got your contact from a business
directory of your country and based on your business
activities and the type of investment I have in mind,
I found you to be the most suitable person for the
transaction stated below.
Before I proceed, I want to strongly advice that you
devoid yourself from the general conception you have
about Nigerians. I would like you to carefully study
this proposal without bias, since it would be relevant
in our lives.
It is a usual practice in Nigeria for ministers and
high-ranking government officials to divert
government's money into their private accounts; this
is usually done through CBN with the connivance of
senior officials. The ministers and military generals
especially during the era of late general sani Abacha,
achieve this by diverting most of the funds, meant for
the development of their respective agencies and
ministries into the CBN escrow accounts. Usually it is
this same escrow account that holds funds for the
payment of foreign contracts.  With the help of the
inside officials, the minister or senior government
officials and military generals would now create
themselves or employ the assistance of a foreign
partner to create them as artificial contractors,
using fiticious documents to remit the deposited money
to the nominated bank account of their foreign
partners. In this case the money is treated as payment
for foreign contract, and there is no trace. This is
how federal government's money is siphoned on a
regular basis, to the extent that most people now
result to letter scams and fraud due to the knowledge
they have about it.
Due to the impromptu removal of my successor from the
central bank, he did not have enough time to perfect
and tidy up the transactions they have in place. So
the funds are now trapped at the central bank escrow
account with no records. I just discovered this in a
bid to fulfill my obligation to submit the state of
our escrow account to the federal government and the
governor of CBN before I commence any foreign payment.
I am conducting a sort of reconciliation of our escrow
account to declare to the government the total amount
that have been spent in the last three years and what
it was spent for. So,  in the course of carrying out
the above exercise, I discovered a total sum of
$150MILLION in the escrow account that is unknown to
anyone and with no records. My intention is to reveal
about USD $100M to the federal government so that I
can be in his good books and make arrangement to
transfer the outstanding USD $50M into a safe account
abroad. It is based on this that I am making this
urgent contact with you.
However, I am doing this because of the nature of my
job. I am a civil servant that is poorly paid and more
so, there is no way I can remain in this office
forever. I have children to cater for even when I
retire as the director, which is just next year. So, I
need something tangible to fall back on when I retire.
Besides, if I declare the total funds to the
government, it would probably go into the pockets of a
few people that control the government. This is to
enlighten you on the degree of corruption in Nigeria.
So, do not blame me for my action because you would do
the same if you were in my shoes, knowing fully well
that there will be no compensation even if you
disclose everything to the government.
Well, I have discovered that I can transfer this money
if we could quickly create you as an artificial
contractor, by using your company document and Bank
account to receive the money, in the same way my
successor transferred theirs. The only difference is
that the final payment is going to be made to your
named company through any of our correspondent payment
center in Europe or America, due to the policies
adopted by the new democratic government.
The entire process is not easy, but it is achievable
due to my position in the foreign remittance
department of the CBN, and the relationship I have
with the present director of external payment and
finance of the federal ministry of finance.
The entire operation will be between the three of us:
(I) I shall take care of all documentation, (ii) My
friend in the federal ministry of finance will take
care of all lobbying and use of influence to get all
documentation, (iii) You shall take care of the
banking arrangements, provide the needed invoices to
enable us apply for claims and approvals and travel as
the beneficiary to receive the funds from the payment
center you shall be paid from.
After we have succeeded in transferring this funds,
20% shall be retained by you for your assistance, 5%
for the settlement of all debts we might incur in the
course of this transaction and the remaining 75% shall
be for me and my colleague, which we would possibly
invest in into your company or any viable business
venture you suggest.
If you are comfortable with this programme please
revert to me at once via telephone number
234-1-7593507 or fax number 234-1-7590440. Should your
response be positive, I would then instruct on the
next step to take.
Due to security reasons, when you call, do not ask for
any name, simply ask me to reconfirm the telephone
number. Once I reconfirm my number to be
234-1-7593507, you can then mention my name before you
go into any discussion. If I fail to reply correctly,
do not wait for a second trial, just drop the phone
and call back later.
We demand a quick response from you. Any delay might
result in contacting someone else. Irrespective of
what happens, we count on your maturity to keep the
transaction to yourself. So, you are advised to treat
this transaction with utmost confidentiality.
Looking forward to your urgent response.
Yours faithfully,
Dr Rasheed Mohammed
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Please format and print the attachment.  Thank you.
RW, I agree. JVD
Jim -
I think this is the final list.  If this looks ok to you we'll send it out and ask for topics.  Thanks.
Rob, the last time we spoke by e-mail about the general counsel group meeting before the law conference, you said you were checking with Vicki, Rex and Mark to see if they neded to add anyone else.  I have not heard anything more about that 
Since we are having to firm up our reservation list at the hotel, I would like to get a final confirmation from you as to the attendees.  Here is the current list (which now includes Julia):
John Ale
Al Alexanderson
Rebecca Carter
Chuck Cheek
Jim Derrick
Mark Evans
Drew Fossum
Mark Haedicke
Elizabeth Labanowski
Mark Manley
Jordan Mintz
Kristina Mordaunt
Julia Murray
Eric Newell
Janet Place
Rex Rogers
Molly Sample
Vicki Sharp
Steven Wallace
Rob Walls
Jim said that he wanted this group to meeting on Wednesday, May 2.  Do you want lunch served in the room, or should we break for lunch?  Should either your assistant or Stephanie Harris be included?
Please confirm that this is the correct list.  Once I get that from you, I will send out an e-mail to the these people so that we can know how many rooms to reserve for Tuesday night.  Some people may want to come over Tuesday, while others may just fly over Wednesday morning.
Thanks for your help!
Bill and Mary, unfortunately, it appears that Carrin and I will not be able to attend after all.  An Enron Policy Committee (essentially, our executive committee, of which I am a member) meeting has been called for Monday, and I must attend it in person.  The flights from LA to Houston on Sunday night depart too early to enable us to attend the LA event, and the earliest flight on Monday morning arrives in Houston too late for me to attend the Policy Committee meeting timely.  We are extremely disappointed, as you may imagine.  We are very appreciative of your kind invitation and look forward to seeing both of you soon. We will watch the event on television in the hope that we see you being interviewed. I know you will represent us well! Let us know if your plans include a Houston trip--we would welcome the opportunity to entertain you.   All the best.  Jim
Hi Jim--
I just got back from San Francisco.  We are delighted you will be joining us.  It will be a fun night.
We are hiring limos to take us to and from the Shrine Auditorium.  Because both John Quinn and I live in Pasadena, the limos will be picking us up and dropping us off there.  Also, we are likely to have a dinner following the awards ceremony in Pasadena.  So--my recommendation would be for you to stay at the Ritz Carlton in Pasadena.
Your voice message said that you have not finalized travel plans yet.  If you get out in time for dinner on Saturday, we should get together.  As soon as you have your reservations, give me a call or e-mail me.  My direct dial at work is 213-533-8667.  My cell phone is 818-519-8751.  Mary's cell is 818-519-8750.
I think it would be productive for you to spend some time with us on Monday morning.  know the people working on your matters would like to meet you.  Perhaps I could pick you up on the way to work on Monday.
>>  Bill, I have just returned from almost two weeks in London and seen your
message.  Thank you for the feedback and for everything that you and your
firm have done for us. I believe our respective organizations make a great
team!  Please give my and Carrin's best to your wife:  we have many fond
memories of our time with the two of you and your other guests at the
GRAMMY Awards.  Also, I mentioned to Jonathon Sumption, Q.C. that we had
the honor of being represented by you; he is another of your fans.  All the
best.  Jim
Sent:   Thursday, March 15, 2001 1:06 PM
Hi Jim--
The last month or so have been so hectic I have barely had time to
breath.  We have gone from fire to fire.  Over the last 24 hours (since
we submitted our last hurry up brief) I have been reflecting on the
experience.  To say it has been positive is an understatement.
Under ordinary circumstances working under such continual pressure--with
so much $ on the line--would have been stressful.  However, when you
work with Enron the opposite is true.  There is such a sense of esprit
d' corp that permeates your organization.  It makes difficult things
easy and the impossible, just another day in the office.
There are no egos to trip over at Enron.  When there is a problem to
solve, it is everyone's problem.  People are not afraid of asking
questions.  They keep questioning until they understand.  Nobody minds
repeating themselves.  They are incredibly patient with outside
lawyers--spending hours and hours bringing us up to speed.  As you well
know, yours is not a simple business.  It is so refreshing.
There are so many benefits to this team approach.
1.  You get things right the first time.  As you know, in any litigation
is critical that the court view your side as the teller of truth.
Because you get things right the first time,  the company is not exposed
to being discredited when the other side responds.
2.  I would bet that Enron's outside legal bills are half what they
would be otherwise.  With most companies the outside (and inside)
lawyers get a minimum of support from the business people.  The business
people view business as business and lawsuits as an annoyance.  (I
should say that I could never understand that given the direct  Perhaps
it is the trader mentality at the company.  Perhaps it is an unwavering
focus on the bottom line.  Perhaps it is just that everyone feels they
are a part of a team and they realize that by working together the team
can achieve things that no one person can do working alone.  Whatever
the reason, the outside lawyer's job is made so much easier.  That
results in much, much lower legal bills.
3. You increase your chances of winning.  The brainstorming is so
valuable.
4. The outside lawyers, like me, feel they are part of the team.
Outside lawyers do not feel as if they are on trial.  They can ask the
dumb questions.  I know that all of us here are looking forward to the
next opportunity to work with the Enron team.
5.  Human nature being what it is--I think that when there are choices
to be made as to whose work goes on the top of the pile--the Enron
assignment goes to the top more often than not.
You have built a great legal team.  All of your legal staff should be
proud of what they have built.
Thanks for letting us come along for the ride.
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
Please format and print the attachment.  Thank you.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Dong Ting
Report Total: $40.45
Amount Due Employee: $40.45
Amount Approved: $40.45
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Please print the attachments. Thank you.
The attached report summarizes current significant legal activities of EWS Legal as of March 15, 2001.  This report does not attempt to list all transactions or include reference to on-going maintenance of completed transactions.
Please let me know if you have questions.
Jim, thanks for the message.  Carrin and I look forward to seeing you there. Jim
Frank Putman has invited a bunch of us to the ADL luncheon honoring you and Carrin.  Congratulations to both of you.  Look forward to seeing you there.
SAVE THE DATE
The Enron Advisory Council meeting is scheduled in Houston on April 10-11, 2001.  On Tuesday, April 10 a dinner meeting is scheduled at the Four Seasons in the Whitney Room (2nd Floor) beginning at 6:00 p.m.
On Wednesday, April 11 the Advisory Council will meet from 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.  in the Enron Boardroom.   You will receive a detailed agenda prior to the meeting.
Please let me know if you plan to attend.
Thanks,
Vanessa
Is this meant to cover invoices from outside counsel?  If it is, please discuss the proposal with Rob Walls.  Thank you. Jim
Just a reminder that we're looking for your input on the proposal outlined below.  Thanks!
I'm out of the office, but am monitoring my e-mail.
,
Elizabeth Linnell
The Corp. design of the iBuyit system is well underway.  We appreciate your initial support of the system and would like to solicit your input on some system details that will be custom to the Corp. deployment and may be used eventually for other business units' standards.  Bob Butts has approved the following request limits for Corp. Accounting, and we need to get your "OK" as well for implementation.  Please call me at x33896 if you have any questions or would like to discuss this proposal.
Request limits:  The system allows setup of graduated dollar limits for order amounts based on job classification, which are listed below, with some examples of items that might fit within each limit.  Requests with totals below these limits would flow through the system without any further authorization required.  Exceptions to these levels can be made on an individual basis, and those individuals will be identified as we get closer to implementation.
Level 1	Clerks/Sr. Clerks	$250		Routine office supplies, beverages, pager, computer keyboard
Level 2	Admins/Specialists	$500		Small furniture, larger supply orders, palm pilot
Level 3	Sr. Specialist		$5,00		Computer, fax machine, furniture
Level 4	Manager		$25,000
Level 5	Director/Sr. Director	$100,000
Level 6	Vice President		$250,000
Level 7	Managing Director	$500,000
Level 8	EVP			$1.0M
Please note that these amounts fall within the Enron standards for invoice approval authority.  In our meetings with Stakeholders and Change Agents, we got a clear message that lower ordering authorization was preferable 
Approval Flow:  The system allows approval flow to be customized to each department.  For example, Public Affairs could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to flow first to an Admin for approval, then to a Sr. Specialist or higher for final issuance.  The Accounting department could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to go directly to a Director for the first level of approval.  Under the limits proposed below, a $650 request by a Sr. Specialist would not be routed, as it would fall under the specified ordering authorized level.  As we get closer to the implementation date, we will work with the designated Stakeholders to design the approval flow for your departments.
Controls:  As with any system, a concentrated effort can bypass built-in controls.  As a control mechanism, we've proposed that SAP generate a periodic report so that cost center owners can conveniently track ordering activity.  The team is working on the best way to generate and deliver this report.
I appreciate your "OK" on the above, or any feedback you might have.
,
Elizabeth Linnell
Vanessa, I will attend. Jim
SAVE THE DATE
The Enron Advisory Council meeting is scheduled in Houston on April 10-11, 2001.  On Tuesday, April 10 a dinner meeting is scheduled at the Four Seasons in the Whitney Room (2nd Floor) beginning at 6:00 p.m.
On Wednesday, April 11 the Advisory Council will meet from 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.  in the Enron Boardroom.   You will receive a detailed agenda prior to the meeting.
Please let me know if you plan to attend.
Thanks,
Vanessa
Bill, thank you.  I should have mentioned in my earlier message that my travel agent did tell me about that flight, but I determined that it was not practicable to rely on it for two reasons: (1) if it were to be cancelled, I would have no way of getting back in time for the Monday meeting, and (2) if it were not cancelled, the most-of-the-night journey back would not leave me in the condition I need to be in to participate effectively in the meeting. I do very much appreciate your efforts.  My best to you and Mary.  Jim 
Jim--
I just called my travel agent.  She says that Continental has a non-stop flight that leaves at 1:30 am and gets into Houston at 6:26 am.
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
>>  Bill and Mary, unfortunately, it appears that Carrin and I will not be able
to attend after all.  An Enron Policy Committee (essentially, our executive
committee, of which I am a member) meeting has been called for Monday, and
I must attend it in person.  The flights from LA to Houston on Sunday night
depart too early to enable us to attend the LA event, and the earliest
flight on Monday morning arrives in Houston too late for me to attend the
Policy Committee meeting timely.  We are extremely disappointed, as you may
imagine.  We are very appreciative of your kind invitation and look forward
to seeing both of you soon. We will watch the event on television in the
hope that we see you being interviewed. I know you will represent us well!
Let us know if your plans include a Houston trip--we would welcome the
opportunity to entertain you.   All the best.  Jim
Sent:   Wednesday, March 21, 2001 3:18 PM
Hi Jim--
I just got back from San Francisco.  We are delighted you will be
joining us.  It will be a fun night.
We are hiring limos to take us to and from the Shrine Auditorium.
Because both John Quinn and I live in Pasadena, the limos will be
picking us up and dropping us off there.  Also, we are likely to have a
dinner following the awards ceremony in Pasadena.  So--my recommendation
would be for you to stay at the Ritz Carlton in Pasadena.
Your voice message said that you have not finalized travel plans yet.
If you get out in time for dinner on Saturday, we should get together.
As soon as you have your reservations, give me a call or e-mail me.  My
direct dial at work is 213-533-8667.  My cell phone is 818-519-8751.
Mary's cell is 818-519-8750.
I think it would be productive for you to spend some time with us on
Monday morning.  know the people working on your matters would like to
meet you.  Perhaps I could pick you up on the way to work on Monday.
>>     Bill, I have just returned from almost two weeks in London and seen your
message.  Thank you for the feedback and for everything that you and
your
firm have done for us. I believe our respective organizations make a
great
team!  Please give my and Carrin's best to your wife:  we have many fond
memories of our time with the two of you and your other guests at the
GRAMMY Awards.  Also, I mentioned to Jonathon Sumption, Q.C. that we had
the honor of being represented by you; he is another of your fans.  All
the
best.  Jim
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22A+20William+20Urquhart+22+20+3Cawu+40quinnemanuel+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Thursday, March 15, 2001 1:06 PM
Hi Jim--
The last month or so have been so hectic I have barely had time to
breath.  We have gone from fire to fire.  Over the last 24 hours
(since
we submitted our last hurry up brief) I have been reflecting on the
experience.  To say it has been positive is an understatement.
Under ordinary circumstances working under such continual
pressure--with
so much $ on the line--would have been stressful.  However, when you
work with Enron the opposite is true.  There is such a sense of
esprit
d' corp that permeates your organization.  It makes difficult things
easy and the impossible, just another day in the office.
There are no egos to trip over at Enron.  When there is a problem to
solve, it is everyone's problem.  People are not afraid of asking
questions.  They keep questioning until they understand.  Nobody
minds
repeating themselves.  They are incredibly patient with outside
lawyers--spending hours and hours bringing us up to speed.  As you
well
know, yours is not a simple business.  It is so refreshing.
There are so many benefits to this team approach.
1.  You get things right the first time.  As you know, in any
litigation
is critical that the court view your side as the teller of truth.
Because you get things right the first time,  the company is not
exposed
to being discredited when the other side responds.
2.  I would bet that Enron's outside legal bills are half what they
would be otherwise.  With most companies the outside (and inside)
lawyers get a minimum of support from the business people.  The
business
people view business as business and lawsuits as an annoyance.  (I
should say that I could never understand that given the direct
Perhaps
it is the trader mentality at the company.  Perhaps it is an
unwavering
focus on the bottom line.  Perhaps it is just that everyone feels
they
are a part of a team and they realize that by working together the
team
can achieve things that no one person can do working alone.  Whatever
the reason, the outside lawyer's job is made so much easier.  That
results in much, much lower legal bills.
3. You increase your chances of winning.  The brainstorming is so
valuable.
4. The outside lawyers, like me, feel they are part of the team.
Outside lawyers do not feel as if they are on trial.  They can ask
the
dumb questions.  I know that all of us here are looking forward to
the
next opportunity to work with the Enron team.
5.  Human nature being what it is--I think that when there are
choices
to be made as to whose work goes on the top of the pile--the Enron
assignment goes to the top more often than not.
You have built a great legal team.  All of your legal staff should be
proud of what they have built.
Thanks for letting us come along for the ride.
Bill
A. William Urquhart
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges LLP
865 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
Los Angeles, CA  90017
Tel:  (213) 624-7707
Fax:  (213) 624-0643
E-Mail:  awu@quinnemanuel.com
Web 
Richard, I would like to meet with you re these claims and the others referred to in the message below to insure that we have all necessary information regarding them and have the appropriate legal counsel attending to them.  Thank you. Jim
A number of pieces of on going litigation and arbitration being conducted on behalf of EML and EMC have very recently come to our attention which we summarise below. We have endeavoured to establish the detail of these cases as quickly as possible, but in some instances await information from outside counsel involved. The summary is therefore necessarily provisional, and will need to be supplemented. There are in addition other claims of which we have been made aware, largely being run by MG Hong Kong and Beijing offices. Details are presently so sketchy that we have not included them until we have been able to verify. A supplementary note on these will follow asap.
1. Corporacion Nacional del  Cobre de Chile ("Codelco" )  v.  MG Ltd, MGAG and MGCC
This is a major, and very serious claim being brought by the Chilean state copper trading company Codelco against, primarily MG AG of Frankfurt, but also against MG Ltd (now Enron Metals Ltd) for recission of futures contracts on the basis that they were procured by fraud (a bribe of US$1.5m paid to the main Codelco trader by MGAG). We have received a brief summary of the claim from Slaughter & May, the lawyers handling the litigation on behalf of EML, which is attached below. As a result of an indemnity from MG AG, MG Ltd has NO financial exposure other than a credit risk to MG AG.
Legal professional privilege must of course be maintained for this document and its contents, and any dissemination outside the legal dept should be made subject to prior approval by legal.
Trial is set down in the Chancery Division of the High Court in London for 5-6 weeks, commencing October 2001. Significantly, and as you will be aware, High Court proceedings take place in public.
- LT010810084_3.doc 
2. MG Ltd v. China Resources National Corporation
Claim in LME arbitration for payment of US$6m futures losses on client contracts. Award published in favour of MGL on liability alone in August 2000. Damages to be assessed. Thereafter Award to be enforced in China. Solicitors: Clyde & Co.
3. MG Ltd v. London Clearing House
Claim in LME arbitration for delivery of defective tin under warrant. Losses believed to be US$800,000. 7 day time bar defence run by the LCH heard as preliminary issue. Award in approx Feb 2000 in favour of MG (ie time bar inapplicable). This has led to resumption of settlement negotiations with Standard Chartered Bank (trading), who put the metal onto warrant originally (and against whom the LCH would have an indemnity claim). The most recent offer from Standard Chartered is to pay US$437,000; but this is subject to unacceptable conditions. Solicitors: Allen & Overy.
4. Nickel explosion in furnace in Cleveland: Scandia Transport  LMEWarehouse/LCH/EMC/Phoenix /EAC/ Cast Alloys (smelter)
Contaminated nickel supplied by EMC into the US. Amount of loss being established now. Incident much less bad than initial reports suggested, and have therefore deferred explosion survey/investigation lined up on urgent basis earlier this week. Expect indemnity claim to be brought against EMC by Phoenixx in LME arbitration; and to pass same claim on to the LCH. Assume possibility of US tort claim also lying direct from Smelter to EMC (awaiting advice from Limor Nissan/Andy Edison on this). Facts should become sufficiently clear to enable rough quantification within next week (w/c 26/3).
NB. Other similarly contaminated shipments from the same warehouse are known to exist. Warnings to other customers are being prepared.
5. LME arbitration: Chinese receiver/ICD/Brandeis/EMC/EML/LCH/Warehouse
Claim brought by Chinese receivers for supply of defective nickel on LME warrant bought through London clearing. Only US$62,000 claim, but involves significant point of principle, hence decision taken to proceed in arbitration. Should in principle be able to pass on incoming claim to LCH (and beyond). Expect unrecoverable costs (internal and external) to exceed the amount of the claim. Solicitors to be instructed w/c 26/3.
Kelly, I assume I am already on your list, but please let me know if you need any additional information from me.  Jim
We would like to add key legal personnel to the distribution list for deadline dates in connection with the Enron Corp. Board of Directors meeting on May 1st. Please reply via email and will we update our records accordingly.
Alvin Alexanderson
Karen Lewis
Marc, thanks for the message.  I stipulate to having over-married--I'm very proud of that fact!  I'll pass the resume on to our Human Resources Group. All the best.  Jim
As you may know, Iam involved with Inprint Inc which very strongly supports
the Creative Writing Program and the U of H.  Chitra Divakaruni is a very
fine fiction writer who has been on the faculty and is now on leave.  We
very much want her to return.  The only stumbling block to her return is
her husband getting a good job here.  Attached below is his c.v. and a
letter of recommendation.  He appears to be very qualified and has good
experience.  If you have some suggestions for him, it would be greatly
appreciated.
to Carrin.
I am looking forward to seeing you both honored by the ADL.  We all know
you over-married and are riding in on her coat-tails.
.
Marc E. Grossberg
Thompson Knight Brown Parker & Leahy LLP
1200 Smith St Ste 3600
Houston TX 77002-4595
Direct: 713 951 5824
Fax Direct: 832 397 8046
Main: 713 654 8111
Fax Main: 713 654 1871
grossbergm@tklaw.com
This transmission (and/or the documents accompanying it) may contain
confidential information belonging to the sender which is protected by the
attorney-client privilege.  The information is intended only for the use of
the individual or entity named above.  If you are not the intended
recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying,
distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of
this information is unauthorized and strictly prohibited.  If you have
"Murthy
Dear Marc,
I am interested in Business Development,Corporate Development and Marketing
positions in either energy or internet/software companies. May be we should
talk sometime. My cell phone number is 510-812-7950. Thank you for your
help.
Murthy Divakaruni
510-812-7950
(See attached file: Divakaruni Rec Letter 02-05.doc)
(See attached file: divakaruni_2001a.doc)
- Divakaruni Rec Letter 02-05.doc   - divakaruni_2001a.doc  
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Dong Ting
Report Total: $40.45
Amount Due Employee: $40.45
Amount Approved: $40.45
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Dong Ting
Report Total: $40.45
Amount Due Employee: $40.45
Amount Approved: $40.45
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Vickie P. Malloy
Expense Report Name: Dong Ting
Report Total: $40.45
Amount Due Employee: $40.45
Amount Approved: $40.45
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: Quinn Emanuel
Report Total: $2,390.25
Amount Due Employee: $2,390.25
Amount Approved: $2,390.25
Amount Paid: $2,390.25
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: Paid
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: London
Report Total: $9,779.95
Amount Due Employee: $9,779.95
Amount Approved: $9,779.92
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
I agree.
Hi Jim. Susan Bulgawicz asked for my assistance in the sale of one of the corporate aircraft -- N5737. Since the plane is financed and I have worked on the last 2-3 aircraft deals, there is a logical connection to my involvement. Susan and I both think that the best choice on legal representation is to continue working with the firm that represented Enron in the acquisition and original financing of the aircraft-- Akin Gump, rather than changing horses mid-stream. Please let me know if this is acceptable to you.
Steph,I will attend this.
You are invited to attend a meeting this Friday at 10am to review current India issues with Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling The meeting is scheduled for 1 hour in EB50M03.
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Philadelphia
Report Total: $2,197.18
Amount Due Employee: $2,197.18
Amount Approved: $2,197.18
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pending
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Marc, I have left a voice mail message for Ken regarding this and have asked him to call either me or you if he needs any additional information. I look forward to seeing you at the conference.  All the best.  Jim 
Jim:
A heads-up.  Following up on our conversation last month about Ken Lay's untimely Form 4 filings, it is an item required to be disclosed in our annual Proxy.  As required by the rules, we have so disclosed it under "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" at page 17 of the draft Proxy distributed to the Board members earlier this week.  Presumably the notation that Ken has since filed the reports will make this a non-event and a mere technical violation, which, based on my review of other proxies, appears to be a common occurrence.    I leave it to you whether you wish to bring the required disclosure to Ken's attention.
I trust that all is going well otherwise.  I look forward to seeing you at the upcoming Enron Law conference.  I am slotted to speak to the group on Friday.  I may have a problem with joining you for the General Counsel meeting on the 2nd in that I have "required attendance Lockhart staff meeting" starting early the next day in Purchase.
Marc 
Sharon, per my voice mail to you. Jim
Sir,
YOUR NAME WAS INTRODUCE TO ME BY A VERY GOOD FRIEND OF
MINE WHO INSISTENTLY MAINTAINED YOUR FAVOURABLE REPUTE
IN A BUSINESS OF THIS KIND.
I AM CHIEF EKENE GEORGE A SENIOR  ADVOCATE  OF NIGERIA
(SAN) AND A PRINCIPAL PARTNER IN AJAYI ASSOCIATES (A
LEGAL OUTFIT) AND DR. ORE  FALOMO A MEDICAL
PRACTITIONER WHO DOUBLES AS A FRIEND AND A PERSONAL
PHYSICIAN TO THE LATE CHIEF M.K.O ABIOLA (THE
ACCLAIMED WINNER OF JUNE 12TH 1993 PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION IN NIGERIA).
I CHIEF EKENE GEORGE  AND DR. ORE  FALOMO HAVE THE
MANDATE OF THE FAMILY OF LATE CHIEF M.K.O ABIOLA IN
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE LATE MULTI-BILLIONAIRE
BUSINESSMAN AND 1993 PRESIDENTIAL WINNERS WEALTH
/ASSETS MADE SOME  USEFUL DISCOVERIES IN THE DEPOSITS
OF HIS FUNDS IN THE BANKS.
ONE OF THE DISCOVERIES WAS THE DEPOSIT OF A HUGE SOME
OF MONEY TO THE TUNE OF ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE
MILLION DOLLARS ($125M) BELONGING TO ONE OF THE
AFRICAS LATE HEAD OF STATE WITH ONE OF THE LATE CHIEFS
BANK ACCOUNTS IN NIGERIA. THIS DISCOVERY ACTUALLY
RAISED SOME EYE BROWES WITHIN THE FAMILY.
AFTER DUE CONSULTATION WITH ME, DR. ORE FALOMO  AND
THE CROWN PRINCE OF THE FAMILY, WHO DECIDED TO BE
SILENT AT THIS POINT AUTHORISED THAT WE SHOULD
NOMINATE ANY FORMIDABLE, TRUSTWORTHY AND VERY
CONFIDENTIAL PERSON OUTSIDE NIGERIA, WITH A BANK
ACCOUNT WHERE THIS MONEY WILL BE LODGED INTO.
THEREFORE, WE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU FOR THIS TRANSFER
OF ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE  MILLION DOLLARS
($125M) INTO A FOREIGN BANK ACCOUNT BY YOU.
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS FUND TRANSFER PLEASE
KINDLY CONTACT CHIEF  EKENE GEORGE, ATTORNEY OF THE
LATE CHIEF M.K.O. ABIOLA & FAMILY ON E-MAIL :
rosthmonic
AFTER YOUR REPLY WE WILL FURNISH YOU WITH DEED OF
AGREEMENT BY THE CROWN PRINCE AND YOU. THE OWNER OF
THE BANK ACCOUNT.
WE SOLELY COUNT ON YOUR ABILITY TO HELP EFFECT THIS
TRANSFER. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANTICIPATED COOPERATION
WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU IMMEDIATELY ON
RECEIPT OF THE BUSINESS MESSAGE.
CHIEF  EKENE GEORGE
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Sharon, per my voice mail to you. Jim
Sir,
YOUR NAME WAS INTRODUCE TO ME BY A VERY GOOD FRIEND OF
MINE WHO INSISTENTLY MAINTAINED YOUR FAVOURABLE REPUTE
IN A BUSINESS OF THIS KIND.
I AM CHIEF EKENE GEORGE A SENIOR  ADVOCATE  OF NIGERIA
(SAN) AND A PRINCIPAL PARTNER IN AJAYI ASSOCIATES (A
LEGAL OUTFIT) AND DR. ORE  FALOMO A MEDICAL
PRACTITIONER WHO DOUBLES AS A FRIEND AND A PERSONAL
PHYSICIAN TO THE LATE CHIEF M.K.O ABIOLA (THE
ACCLAIMED WINNER OF JUNE 12TH 1993 PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION IN NIGERIA).
I CHIEF EKENE GEORGE  AND DR. ORE  FALOMO HAVE THE
MANDATE OF THE FAMILY OF LATE CHIEF M.K.O ABIOLA IN
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE LATE MULTI-BILLIONAIRE
BUSINESSMAN AND 1993 PRESIDENTIAL WINNERS WEALTH
/ASSETS MADE SOME  USEFUL DISCOVERIES IN THE DEPOSITS
OF HIS FUNDS IN THE BANKS.
ONE OF THE DISCOVERIES WAS THE DEPOSIT OF A HUGE SOME
OF MONEY TO THE TUNE OF ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE
MILLION DOLLARS ($125M) BELONGING TO ONE OF THE
AFRICAS LATE HEAD OF STATE WITH ONE OF THE LATE CHIEFS
BANK ACCOUNTS IN NIGERIA. THIS DISCOVERY ACTUALLY
RAISED SOME EYE BROWES WITHIN THE FAMILY.
AFTER DUE CONSULTATION WITH ME, DR. ORE FALOMO  AND
THE CROWN PRINCE OF THE FAMILY, WHO DECIDED TO BE
SILENT AT THIS POINT AUTHORISED THAT WE SHOULD
NOMINATE ANY FORMIDABLE, TRUSTWORTHY AND VERY
CONFIDENTIAL PERSON OUTSIDE NIGERIA, WITH A BANK
ACCOUNT WHERE THIS MONEY WILL BE LODGED INTO.
THEREFORE, WE DECIDED TO CONTACT YOU FOR THIS TRANSFER
OF ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE  MILLION DOLLARS
($125M) INTO A FOREIGN BANK ACCOUNT BY YOU.
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS FUND TRANSFER PLEASE
KINDLY CONTACT CHIEF  EKENE GEORGE, ATTORNEY OF THE
LATE CHIEF M.K.O. ABIOLA & FAMILY ON E-MAIL :
rosthmonic
AFTER YOUR REPLY WE WILL FURNISH YOU WITH DEED OF
AGREEMENT BY THE CROWN PRINCE AND YOU. THE OWNER OF
THE BANK ACCOUNT.
WE SOLELY COUNT ON YOUR ABILITY TO HELP EFFECT THIS
TRANSFER. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANTICIPATED COOPERATION
WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU IMMEDIATELY ON
RECEIPT OF THE BUSINESS MESSAGE.
CHIEF  EKENE GEORGE
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
FYI
ELF Technologies, Inc. is making available a white paper regarding Electronic Invoicing and its affect on the rules of Professional Conduct and attorney client privilege.  If you are considering using an electronic solution to audit your invoices, or if you are currently using a third party, this is a MUST READ white paper. 
The paper is authored by Tom Melling, Esq., General Counsel of ELF Technologies, Inc.  Mr. Melling is a recognized expert and speaks nationally regarding data security and legal issues regarding the use of technology.  A short excerpt follows:
"Technology continues to be a tool used by every industry in the world, including the legal industry, to reduce costs, manage work load, increase productivity and solve problems.  Recent ethics opinions provide clear guidance regarding this technology  
TABLE OF CONTENTS (abbreviated)
Executive Summary
Description of ProvideIT software and Serengeti* Technical Safeguards.
Legal Analysis
Applicable Legal Rules.
Existing Opinions Regarding Electronic Invoicing (ProvideIT Software).
Existing Opinions Regarding Third Party Auditors.
Conclusion
For your FREE copy of this white paper, simply respond to this e-mail.  If you would like more information on ELF Technologies, Serengeti or ProvideIT, please add that to your response or call Kathy Kumiega  at 1 800 574-2353.  Or, for more information go to www.serengetius.com .
* Serengeti, an ELF Solution, is an online community where legal professionals can collaborate on case matters. Multiple legal services from the industry's leading providers are offered in a secure, scalable Internet environment. With a common Web browser, Serengeti users can choose from a wide range of services from one location.
Serengeti is the result of a decade of research and development by ELF to improve the workflow of legal professionals. Serengeti satisfies the need for a standard, secure channel between corporations and their outside counsel. By using and ASP model, Serengeti allows for the rapid deployment of technology solutions without a substantial investment in time or money.
** If you do not want to receive future e-mail's from us, please respond with the word remove in the subject line.
Thank you,
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Bruce and Gail,
I attach a rough first draft of the necessary Notice of Conciliation.
In its final form this needs to go in late tommorrow afternoon in New Delhi
if DPC is to be in a position to commence arbitration against the GOI as
quickly as is possible. There is any event 60 days of deadtime. There is no
sensible way of getting around that. Accordingly,the sooner DPC starts the
process,the sooner it gets to serve the necessary Notice of Arbitration.
It follows that if DPC wishes to get on with matters with the GOI as quickly
as is possible,this Notice of Conciliation requires to go in quickly.
Who does DPC wish to appoint as a conciliator (bearing in mind that DPC does
not genuinely wish to go through a full-blown conciliation,but simply wishes
to tee-up an arbitration on day 61)?
Laurence Street,whose name I have inserted,was the Chief Justice of NSW,and
is now in his mid-70s (but fairly fit and active; I saw him last at an ICCA
conference in New Delhi about 10 months ago). After ceasing to be a Judge he
did quite a lot arbitration. He was also the chairman (and an active
chairman) of Fairfax,a major Australian newspaper and media company and an
ASX component stock. Fairfax was the subject of a hostile bid,and had a
tough time with the Australian government.  As the chairman of Fairfax
Street has had some real business experience,but is also a pretty serious
lawyer. His main activity these days is mediation. He has done a lot of
it,mostly in high-profile Australian corporate disputes. If the conciliation
goes anywhere (which I tend to doubt) Street is about the most suitable
person I can think of at short notice.
If anyone has any better idea as to the identity of the conciliator,please
feel free to say so. If not,given that we have to cut quite quickly,my
suggestion and recommendation is that we go with Street.
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
- 010401_Notice_of_Conciliation.doc 
Yes. The attendees are Mark Haedicke, Jordan Mintz, Kristina Mordaunt, Rex Rogers, Richard Sanders, Rob Walls, Bob Williams, and me.  Let's discuss the proposed dates in May before you take any action. Thank you.
Do you want to do this again?  If so, who do I invite.  I have forgotten who all were attending the last time.  S
Hello Stephanie,  how are you doing?  Can you check with Jim to see if we can come up with a date some time in May for a visit from Ed Feo, Eric Silverman and Mel?  I remembered that Jim had asked to wait until April to resume our efforts in tryng to schedule this.  Thanks 
Gary, I have been out of the office and have just seen your message.  I will be pleased to forward it to Cindy Olson,  the head of our Human Resources Group.  Good luck to Pete; if he wants to visit about Enron some time, have him call me. All the best.  Jim
Jim:    I trust this message finds you doing well.  Attached is my son
Pete's resume. Pete is in the first semester of his Senior year at Baylor
University and is  looking for a Summer Internship in an area that will
utilize his Finance/Economics undergraduate training. Your consideration of
Pete's resume and sharing it with the appropriate contacts at Enron and
affiliated entities would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.
++++++  - Houston_491941_1.doc  
Steph, I will not be able to attend this meeting.  Thank you.
To the Shareholders of  Batangas Power Corp.:
Please be notified that the annual meeting of the Shareholders of  Batangas
Power Corp. will be held on 25 April  2001 at 11:00 a.m. at the 3rd Floor
Board Room, Shangri-La Hotel, Ayala Avenue, City of Makati, Metro Manila,
Philippines.  The agenda of the meeting is as follows:
Certification of notice and quorum;
Approval of the minutes of the Shareholders' meeting held on 22 June
2000;
Appointment of External Auditors;
Ratification of acts and proceedings of the Board of Directors and
Officers;
Election of the Board of Directors; and
Approval of other matters as may properly come before the Shareholders.
If you cannot attend in person and wish to send a representative to the
meeting, kindly submit to the undersigned (by fax to +632-813-7343) on or
before the date of the meeting, a proxy substantially in the attached form.
Please be notified that the Board of Directors will hold a meeting
immediately after the Shareholders' meeting.
Angel M. Esguerra
Secretary
2nd April 2001, Makati Cty, Metro Manila
(See attached file: proxy.BPC.2001.doc)
- proxy.BPC.2001.doc  
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Jim -
Although this is a first draft, it will give you some indication of the relative strengths and weaknesses of our legal claims for termination as they exist today.  This is something you should read 
Thanks.
Rob
Please find attached a first draft of the "Termination Roadmap" memo setting
out the various options for DPC in relation to the commencement of the
termination process and the choices it faces having initiated the process.
I am circulating this as a preliminary draft to lawyers only in the first
instance, in the knowledge that it probably needs to be refined (and
abbreviated) before it goes to wider circulation.
Please note also that it has been prepared without the benefit of having
seen the Godbole Committee Report (now out and on sale on the streets of
Bombay).
From a commercial point of view, of immediate interest is the analysis in
relation ot the decision on whether or not to complete the construction of
Phase II and whether or not to continue operation of the plant. On both
counts we identify significant risks to DPC of ceasing construction /
operation and we really should consider the overall termination strategy in
the round before decisions on this front are taken, however obvious the
answers may seem to be from a purely financial point of view.
The note is limited to the process under the PPA and coes not consider, for
instance, the influence of Lenders on the process or the role of the LNG
suppliers. It also ignores MetGas. I am happy to expand the note to cover
these aspects, and certainly in relation to the Lenders' position would need
and welcome Lance's collaboration.
Finally, I am also sure that changes will be necessary to take on board the
views of Gail and Christopher in relation to how the arbitration proceedings
would progress in parallel with the termination process. Part of what I have
written is based on discussions with Chris, but he has not yet had an
opportunity to look through the note itself having been preoccupied with
getting Notices of Arbitration out, and I would expect further changes once
he has had an opportunity to do so.
,
Jonathan
Jonathan Inman
Partner
Linklaters, Tokyo
a member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Telephone: +813 3568 3801
Group 3 fax: +813 3568 3888
Group 4 fax: +813 3568 3444
jonathan.inman@linklaters.com
< 
< 
Hiro Fuji
Linklaters, Tokyo
Phone +81 3 3568 3854 (direct)
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________
- 010413_Termination Options.doc 
Steph, I will not be able to attend this meeting.  Thank you.
To the Shareholders of  Subic Power Corp.:
Please be notified that the annual meeting of the Shareholders of  Subic
Power Corp. will be held on 25 April  2001 at 2:00 p.m. at the 3rd Floor
Board Room, Shangri-La Hotel, Ayala Avenue, City of Makati, Metro Manila,
Philippines.  The agenda of the meeting is as follows:
Certification of notice and quorum;
Approval of the minutes of the Shareholders' meeting held on 22 June
2000;
Appointment of External Auditors;
Ratification of acts and proceedings of the Board of Directors and
Officers;
Election of the Board of Directors; and
Approval of other matters as may properly come before the Shareholders.
If you cannot attend in person and wish to send a representative to the
meeting, kindly submit to the undersigned (by fax to +632-813-7343) on or
before the date of the meeting, a proxy substantially in the attached form.
Please be notified that the Board of Directors will hold a meeting
immediately after the Shareholders' meeting.
Angel M. Esguerra
Secretary
2nd April 2001, Makati Cty, Metro Manila
(See attached file: proxy.SPC.2001.doc)
- proxy.SPC.2001.doc  
Congratulations, Bob and Michelle! Jim
In response to a "test case" declaratory judgment lawsuit filed by TGS (with our input) over one year ago, the Supreme Court of Argentina today issued an order enjoining the province of Santa Cruz from enforcing its stamp tax levy pending a full hearing and ruling by the Court on the legality of the stamp tax.  Although this is not a ruling on the merits, it does indicate how the Supreme Court is leaning, at least for the present.  This is a very significant victory for TGS and, if the Court continues in this direction, will result in TGS being relieved of stamp tax liability (approximately $650 million).  A great deal of the credit for this goes to Michelle Blaine, who worked with the TGS lawyers on the filing.  Please call me or Michelle with any questions. 
FYI
In response to a "test case" declaratory judgment lawsuit filed by TGS (with our input) over one year ago, the Supreme Court of Argentina today issued an order enjoining the province of Santa Cruz from enforcing its stamp tax levy pending a full hearing and ruling by the Court on the legality of the stamp tax.  Although this is not a ruling on the merits, it does indicate how the Supreme Court is leaning, at least for the present.  This is a very significant victory for TGS and, if the Court continues in this direction, will result in TGS being relieved of stamp tax liability (approximately $650 million).  A great deal of the credit for this goes to Michelle Blaine, who worked with the TGS lawyers on the filing.  Please call me or Michelle with any questions. 
Adam, I hope this doesn't mean that you are planning to stop attending our Legal Conferences!  Congratulations!  All the best.  Jim
Effective immediately, Stan Horton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Transportation Services will become Chairman of Enron Wind.  Stan replaces Jim Noles, who is retiring 
Adam Umanoff, currently Managing Director of Enron Wind-Americas, will become President and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Wind. 
Herbert Peels, currently Vice President of General Manufacturing for Enron Wind, will become Vice President and General Manager for Enron Wind-Europe. 
Tod Lindholm, currently Managing Director of Enron Assurance Services and Information Technology Compliance, will join Enron Wind as Chief Financial Officer.
Please join us in wishing Jim well and congratulating Stan on his additional role, as well as, Adam, Herbert and Tod on their new roles.
FYI
Effective immediately, Stan Horton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Transportation Services will become Chairman of Enron Wind.  Stan replaces Jim Noles, who is retiring 
Adam Umanoff, currently Managing Director of Enron Wind-Americas, will become President and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Wind. 
Herbert Peels, currently Vice President of General Manufacturing for Enron Wind, will become Vice President and General Manager for Enron Wind-Europe. 
Tod Lindholm, currently Managing Director of Enron Assurance Services and Information Technology Compliance, will join Enron Wind as Chief Financial Officer.
Please join us in wishing Jim well and congratulating Stan on his additional role, as well as, Adam, Herbert and Tod on their new roles.
FYI
Effective immediately, Stan Horton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Transportation Services will become Chairman of Enron Wind.  Stan replaces Jim Noles, who is retiring 
Adam Umanoff, currently Managing Director of Enron Wind-Americas, will become President and Chief Executive Officer of Enron Wind. 
Herbert Peels, currently Vice President of General Manufacturing for Enron Wind, will become Vice President and General Manager for Enron Wind-Europe. 
Tod Lindholm, currently Managing Director of Enron Assurance Services and Information Technology Compliance, will join Enron Wind as Chief Financial Officer.
Please join us in wishing Jim well and congratulating Stan on his additional role, as well as, Adam, Herbert and Tod on their new roles.
OK.
How about:  May, 22, 23, 24, 29 or 30th?  S
Yes. The attendees are Mark Haedicke, Jordan Mintz, Kristina Mordaunt, Rex Rogers, Richard Sanders, Rob Walls, Bob Williams, and me.  Let's discuss the proposed dates in May before you take any action. Thank you.
Do you want to do this again?  If so, who do I invite.  I have forgotten who all were attending the last time.  S
Hello Stephanie,  how are you doing?  Can you check with Jim to see if we can come up with a date some time in May for a visit from Ed Feo, Eric Silverman and Mel?  I remembered that Jim had asked to wait until April to resume our efforts in tryng to schedule this.  Thanks 
Pat, as we know, February can be a very difficult month from the standpoint of weather, which affects not only travel to and from the event but also any outside activities during the event.  Do we have any flexibility with respect to the month in which the institute is held?  If it is to be held in February, I would opt to try Houston, New Orleans, or Santa Fe. I suggest that, if possible, we avoid scheduling the conference on Valentines Day or any holiday.  All the best.  Jim Derrick
TO:	Advisory Board of the International Oil and Gas Educational Center
FROM:	Pat Martin, Chair
RE:  	Location of the 2002 Institute on Oil & Gas Law & Taxation February, 2002
As you know, the Institute in San Antonio this year was the first Institute
ever held outside of Dallas.  We are now planning next year's Institute, and
we would appreciate your input -- as a member of the Advisory Board -- on
the best location for 2002.  Please reply to this email (dwinn@swlegal.org)
within the next 2 days with your preference among the following options:
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Austin
Oklahoma City
New Orleans
Santa Fe
FYI:  The preferences of the Institute attendees who turned in their
evaluation forms were as follows:
Houston -- 15
San Antonio -- 13
New Orleans -- 13
Santa Fe -- 11
Austin -- 8
Dallas -- 6
Oklahoma City -- 4
Thank you for your reply.  We'll let you know after we've tallied the
results.
FYI
Per your request.  Mark
Mark   Attached is a memo to Jim Derrick suggesting topics for discussion at the upcoming General Counsel meeting in May.   Please either give me your comments and I will send or you can forward on to Jim.  Thanks.  Julia
Julia Heintz Murray
Enron Wholesale Services 
Enron Industrial Markets LLC
1400 Smith Street, EB3838
Houston, TX  77002
(713) 853-4794
Fax:  (713) 646-3393
julia.murray@
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Marie Wallace
Expense Report Name: Dong Ting
Report Total: $40.45
Amount Due Employee: $40.45
Amount Approved: $40.45
Amount Paid: $40.45
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: Paid
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Ann, I have left you a voice mail re your question.  Jim
I previously mentioned to you that Enron may have to enter into a consent decree with the FCC relating to Enron's failure to file for authorization to transfer FCC licenses held by Portland General Corporation in connection with the 1997 merger.  Before the FCC prepares a draft consent decree they asked that we submit a proposed Compliance Program.  V&E prepared the attached compliance program and summary.  As you can see by the date on the e:mail from Bob Mazer I have had the draft for a couple weeks and have not reviewed it until today.  I have spoken to a couple people in Regulatory Affairs to see if they would be interested in taking ownership of this compliance program.  They don't want it. Sue Nord, who covers EBS for regulatory affairs, is checking with outside counsel used by EBS to see if they agree that we must enter into the consent decree.  I am concerned about Enron's ability to implement this program and want to get your prospective on it.  I am also concerned about whether or not we have other violations that will come to light after we sign the consent decree.  As far as I can tell, at this point Enron doesn't have a centralized system for tracking FCC licenses.  Please let me know what you think the next steps should be for reviewing this compliance program and responding to V&E. =20
As requested.  , Bob Mazer
++++++  - DC_122524_1.DOC  
RW, I have suggested to Ann that Bob Williams might be a good candidate to oversee this program.  Do you agree? Jim
I previously mentioned to you that Enron may have to enter into a consent decree with the FCC relating to Enron's failure to file for authorization to transfer FCC licenses held by Portland General Corporation in connection with the 1997 merger.  Before the FCC prepares a draft consent decree they asked that we submit a proposed Compliance Program.  V&E prepared the attached compliance program and summary.  As you can see by the date on the e:mail from Bob Mazer I have had the draft for a couple weeks and have not reviewed it until today.  I have spoken to a couple people in Regulatory Affairs to see if they would be interested in taking ownership of this compliance program.  They don't want it. Sue Nord, who covers EBS for regulatory affairs, is checking with outside counsel used by EBS to see if they agree that we must enter into the consent decree.  I am concerned about Enron's ability to implement this program and want to get your prospective on it.  I am also concerned about whether or not we have other violations that will come to light after we sign the consent decree.  As far as I can tell, at this point Enron doesn't have a centralized system for tracking FCC licenses.  Please let me know what you think the next steps should be for reviewing this compliance program and responding to V&E. =20
As requested.  , Bob Mazer
++++++  - DC_122524_1.DOC
Scott, thank you for forwarding the report to me.  All the best.  Jim
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Investment Research
ENE:  This Overachiever is Underperceived Even as Prospects Improve: Buy
David Fleischer, CFA (New York) 1 212-902-6018  -  Investment Research
David Maccarrone, CFA (New York) 1 212-902-0324  -  Investment Research
Eric W. Mandelblatt (New York) 1 212-357-7547  -  Investment Research
Stk  Latest  52 Week  Mkt Cap   YTD Pr    Cur
Rtg  Close    Range    (mm)     Change   Yield
Enron Corp.                   RL  58.10    90-55   43374.6   -30%      0.9%
ENE (US$)          Mar     Jun     Sep     Dec      FY       CY
2002 FY
2001 FY      0.46                             1.80
2000 FY(A)   0.40    0.34    0.34    0.41     1.47
-Abs P/E on-   -Rel P/E on--   EV/NxtFY  LT EPS
Cur    Nxt     Cur    Nxt     EBITDA    Growth
ENE       FY       32.3X    NMX    1.6X    NMX        NA        25%
apparent high P/E multiple (ignoring the considerable value of segments
including Enron Energy Services, telecom and non-energy wholesale
services) and misconceptions about a number of issues including its
stalled asset disposition program (the Portland General Electric sale
could be significantly delayed), the market position of its Indian power
plant and California energy issues.  We believe that the current period
of perceived uncertainly is actually an excellent opportunity to buy
into a company that we view as virtually unique in the economy.  We
believe that the energy industry in the United States and world is
undergoing a major transformation and that a very few companies led by
Enron are positioned to create efficiencies and provide the products,
services and flexibility required by customers.  We believe these
opportunities will lead to growth in earnings of 25% over the long term
even if telecommunications makes only slow progress and does not come
close to reaching our expectations.
*  Enron is likely to report strong results in Q1 and 2001 from all core
businesses.  Although mgmt indicated on its March 23rd conf. call that
it was 'very comfortable' with  ests of $1.70 to $1.75, we continue to
be very confident that the company will equal or exceed our $1.80
estimate.  Wholesale Services is likely to have an 'outstanding quarter'
according to CEO Jeff Skilling with a 25% to 35% increase in natural gas
volumes and a doubling of financial volumes.  Retail appears on track to
achieve its $30 billion of new contract signings and turn profitable in
2001 on a fully allocated basis.  Telecom has progressed at a slower
pace than expected by investors as bandwidth trading has turned out to
be more complicated to implement than some believed and the content
business (now without Blockbuster as a partner) appears to also be
developing more slowly than implied by Enron in 2000.  This said, the
business opportunities in both parts of telecom appear to be excellent.
Important Disclosures (code definitions attached or available upon request)
ENE        : US$ 58.10; CF, CP, M
This report is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction
where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal.
We are not soliciting any action based upon this material.
This material is for the general information of clients of
Goldman Sachs.  It does not take into account the particular
investment objectives, financial situation or needs of
individual clients.  Before acting on any advice or
recommendation in this material, a client should
consider whether it is suitable for their particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
Certain transactions, including those involving futures,
options, and high yield securities, give rise to substantial
risk and are not suitable for all investors.  The material is
based upon information that we consider reliable, but we
do not represent that it is accurate or complete, and it
should not be relied upon as such.  Opinions expressed
are our current opinions as of the date appearing on this
material only.  While we endeavor to update on a
reasonable basis the information discussed in this
material, there may be regulatory, compliance, or other reasons
that prevent us from doing so.  We and our affiliates, officers,
directors, and employees, including persons involved in
the preparation or issuance of this material may, from time to
time, have long or short positions in, and buy or sell, the
securities, or derivatives (including options) thereof, of
companies mentioned herein.   No part of this material
may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any
form by any means or (ii) redistributed without Goldman,
Sachs & Co.'s prior written consent.
This material has been issued by Goldman, Sachs & Co. and/or
one of its affiliates and has been approved by Goldman Sachs
International, which is regulated by The Securities and
Futures Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United
Kingdom and by Goldman Sachs Canada in connection with
its distribution in Canada.   This material is distributed in
Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Korea by
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch, in Japan by
Goldman Sachs (Japan) Ltd., in Australia by Goldman Sachs
Australia Pty Limited (ACN 092 589 770), and in
Singapore through Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte.
This material is not for distribution in the United Kingdom to
private customers, as that term is defined under the rules of
The Securities and Futures Authority; and any investments,
including any convertible bonds or derivatives, mentioned
in this material will not be made available by us to any such
private customer.  Goldman Sachs International and its
non-U.S. affiliates may, to the extent permitted under
applicable law, have acted upon or used this research,
to the extent it relates to non-U.S. issuers, prior to or
immediately following its publication.  Foreign-currency-
denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that could have an adverse effect on the
value or price of, or income derived from, the investment.
In addition, investors in securities such as ADRs, the
values of which are influenced by foreign currencies,
effectively assume currency risk.
Further information on any of the securities mentioned in this
material may be obtained upon request, and for this purpose
persons in Italy should contact Goldman Sachs S.I.M. S.p.A. in
Milan, or at its London branch office at 133 Fleet Street, and
persons in Hong Kong should contact Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
at 2 Queen's Road Central, and persons in Australia should
contact Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Limited.  Unless governing
law permits otherwise, you must contact a Goldman Sachs
entity in your home jurisdiction if you want to use our services
in effecting a transaction in the securities mentioned in this material.
FYI
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Investment Research
ENE:  This Overachiever is Underperceived Even as Prospects Improve: Buy
David Fleischer, CFA (New York) 1 212-902-6018  -  Investment Research
David Maccarrone, CFA (New York) 1 212-902-0324  -  Investment Research
Eric W. Mandelblatt (New York) 1 212-357-7547  -  Investment Research
Stk  Latest  52 Week  Mkt Cap   YTD Pr    Cur
Rtg  Close    Range    (mm)     Change   Yield
Enron Corp.                   RL  58.10    90-55   43374.6   -30%      0.9%
ENE (US$)          Mar     Jun     Sep     Dec      FY       CY
2002 FY
2001 FY      0.46                             1.80
2000 FY(A)   0.40    0.34    0.34    0.41     1.47
-Abs P/E on-   -Rel P/E on--   EV/NxtFY  LT EPS
Cur    Nxt     Cur    Nxt     EBITDA    Growth
ENE       FY       32.3X    NMX    1.6X    NMX        NA        25%
apparent high P/E multiple (ignoring the considerable value of segments
including Enron Energy Services, telecom and non-energy wholesale
services) and misconceptions about a number of issues including its
stalled asset disposition program (the Portland General Electric sale
could be significantly delayed), the market position of its Indian power
plant and California energy issues.  We believe that the current period
of perceived uncertainly is actually an excellent opportunity to buy
into a company that we view as virtually unique in the economy.  We
believe that the energy industry in the United States and world is
undergoing a major transformation and that a very few companies led by
Enron are positioned to create efficiencies and provide the products,
services and flexibility required by customers.  We believe these
opportunities will lead to growth in earnings of 25% over the long term
even if telecommunications makes only slow progress and does not come
close to reaching our expectations.
*  Enron is likely to report strong results in Q1 and 2001 from all core
businesses.  Although mgmt indicated on its March 23rd conf. call that
it was 'very comfortable' with  ests of $1.70 to $1.75, we continue to
be very confident that the company will equal or exceed our $1.80
estimate.  Wholesale Services is likely to have an 'outstanding quarter'
according to CEO Jeff Skilling with a 25% to 35% increase in natural gas
volumes and a doubling of financial volumes.  Retail appears on track to
achieve its $30 billion of new contract signings and turn profitable in
2001 on a fully allocated basis.  Telecom has progressed at a slower
pace than expected by investors as bandwidth trading has turned out to
be more complicated to implement than some believed and the content
business (now without Blockbuster as a partner) appears to also be
developing more slowly than implied by Enron in 2000.  This said, the
business opportunities in both parts of telecom appear to be excellent.
Important Disclosures (code definitions attached or available upon request)
ENE        : US$ 58.10; CF, CP, M
This report is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction
where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal.
We are not soliciting any action based upon this material.
This material is for the general information of clients of
Goldman Sachs.  It does not take into account the particular
investment objectives, financial situation or needs of
individual clients.  Before acting on any advice or
recommendation in this material, a client should
consider whether it is suitable for their particular
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice.
Certain transactions, including those involving futures,
options, and high yield securities, give rise to substantial
risk and are not suitable for all investors.  The material is
based upon information that we consider reliable, but we
do not represent that it is accurate or complete, and it
should not be relied upon as such.  Opinions expressed
are our current opinions as of the date appearing on this
material only.  While we endeavor to update on a
reasonable basis the information discussed in this
material, there may be regulatory, compliance, or other reasons
that prevent us from doing so.  We and our affiliates, officers,
directors, and employees, including persons involved in
the preparation or issuance of this material may, from time to
time, have long or short positions in, and buy or sell, the
securities, or derivatives (including options) thereof, of
companies mentioned herein.   No part of this material
may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any
form by any means or (ii) redistributed without Goldman,
Sachs & Co.'s prior written consent.
This material has been issued by Goldman, Sachs & Co. and/or
one of its affiliates and has been approved by Goldman Sachs
International, which is regulated by The Securities and
Futures Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United
Kingdom and by Goldman Sachs Canada in connection with
its distribution in Canada.   This material is distributed in
Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Korea by
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch, in Japan by
Goldman Sachs (Japan) Ltd., in Australia by Goldman Sachs
Australia Pty Limited (ACN 092 589 770), and in
Singapore through Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte.
This material is not for distribution in the United Kingdom to
private customers, as that term is defined under the rules of
The Securities and Futures Authority; and any investments,
including any convertible bonds or derivatives, mentioned
in this material will not be made available by us to any such
private customer.  Goldman Sachs International and its
non-U.S. affiliates may, to the extent permitted under
applicable law, have acted upon or used this research,
to the extent it relates to non-U.S. issuers, prior to or
immediately following its publication.  Foreign-currency-
denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that could have an adverse effect on the
value or price of, or income derived from, the investment.
In addition, investors in securities such as ADRs, the
values of which are influenced by foreign currencies,
effectively assume currency risk.
Further information on any of the securities mentioned in this
material may be obtained upon request, and for this purpose
persons in Italy should contact Goldman Sachs S.I.M. S.p.A. in
Milan, or at its London branch office at 133 Fleet Street, and
persons in Hong Kong should contact Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
at 2 Queen's Road Central, and persons in Australia should
contact Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Limited.  Unless governing
law permits otherwise, you must contact a Goldman Sachs
entity in your home jurisdiction if you want to use our services
in effecting a transaction in the securities mentioned in this material.
David, I have not heard from Tom Green; I will place another call to him. Jim
Thanks for the prompt reply, Jim.  I'm forwarding it to Pat now.  We will
run the final decision on this by the Executive Committee before we commit.
Incidentally, any word from Tom Green on the Tech Center?
David
Pat, as we know, February can be a very difficult month from the standpoint
of weather, which affects not only travel to and from the event but also
any outside activities during the event.  Do we have any flexibility with
respect to the month in which the institute is held?  If it is to be held
in February, I would opt to try Houston, New Orleans, or Santa Fe. I
suggest that, if possible, we avoid scheduling the conference on Valentines
Day or any holiday.  All the best.  Jim Derrick
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22David+20B+2E+20Winn+22+20+3Cdwinn+40swlegal+2Eorg+3E+4
0ENRON@]
Sent:   Monday, April 02, 2001 3:55 PM
TO:     Advisory Board of the International Oil and Gas Educational
Center
FROM:   Pat Martin, Chair
RE:     Location of the 2002 Institute on Oil & Gas Law & Taxation    February, 2002
As you know, the Institute in San Antonio this year was the first
Institute
ever held outside of Dallas.  We are now planning next year's Institute,
and
we would appreciate your input -- as a member of the Advisory Board    on
the best location for 2002.  Please reply to this email
(dwinn@swlegal.org)
within the next 2 days with your preference among the following options:
Dallas
Houston
San Antonio
Austin
Oklahoma City
New Orleans
Santa Fe
FYI:  The preferences of the Institute attendees who turned in their
evaluation forms were as follows:
Houston -- 15
San Antonio -- 13
New Orleans -- 13
Santa Fe -- 11
Austin -- 8
Dallas -- 6
Oklahoma City -- 4
Thank you for your reply.  We'll let you know after we've tallied the
results.
Please print the attachments.  Thank you.
On behalf of Christopher Walker I attach a GOI Notice of Conciliation and a
GOI Notice of Arbitration. These are in final form subject to any comments
which you may have and the correction of typographical errors.  I also
attach a draft covering letter to the GOI.
Andrew House
Solicitor
Linklaters, Hong Kong
a member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Tel: (852) 2901 5236
Fax: (852) 2810 8133
andrew.house@linklaters.com
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
- 010401_Notice_of_Conciliation.doc 
- Notice_of_Arbitration.doc 
- 010403_DPC_ltr_Govt_India.doc 
Perhaps we could discuss this following the GC meeting tomorrow.  Jim
Jim and Mark, as you know, we have established a retail affiliate within Enron Canada known as Enron Direct.  In addition, EES has a Canadian entity, EES Canada, which was established for the purposes of entering into some cross-border transactions in Canada.  For various reasons, it has been decided to roll Enron Direct into EES Canada reporting, commercially, to Rob Milnthorp, who will in turn report to Dave Delainey.  There are two legal/governance-related issues that I wanted to raise with you:
1.=09Governance:  As a result, it will be necessary to make various corporate re-organizations to EES Canada.  This will include having EES Canada established as an Alberta corporation, where Enron Canada has, and Enron Direct will have, its principal Canadian office.  In relation to this, I was considering that EES Canada should be organized consistent with Enron Canada, with two Canadian resident nominee directors and Canadian-resident officers.  A few years back, it was decided, for corporate law and, more importantly, tax-related "permanent establishment" issues, that all directors and officers of Enron Canada would be Canadian-resident employees of Enron Canada.  Accordingly, Enron Canada was re-organized with a nominee board of directors consisting of Rob Milnthorp (as the senior commercial employee) and me (as the senior legal employee) with a Canadian slate of officers being the Vice-Presidents or Managing Directors in Canada responsible for the various commercial or commercial-support groups.  I was thinking of doing likewise with EES Canada.  Although I have not yet obtained a copy of the corporate records for EES Canada, I believe the current directors of EES Canada are Jim and an outside lawyer at Blake, Cassels & Graydon in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  I am not sure, but it is also likely that various US-based employees of EES are designated as the officers of EES Canada.  Would it be appropriate to re-organize EES Canada along the same lines that Enron Canada has been organized, or do you have concerns?
2.=09Law Firm:  Following-up on our conversation last week, I want to confirm that our continued use of Donahue Ernst & Young for this retail project was "grandfathered" on the basis that they were "up the learning curve" on a number of the contracting, regulatory, licensing and market participation issues.  There is one twist, however, with respect to EES Canada.  Although I was not involved, I believe that EES Canada was established to execute on some gas transactions in Ontario with the use of a Blakes partner in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  However, as the focus of the business initiative in Canada will, at least in the near future, be more involved and predominantly, if not entirely, in Alberta; and as Donahue Ernst & Young is involved in regulatory proceedings on our behalf with respect to market design issues affecting the Alberta gas and power markets, as well as being familiar with the licensing and contracting requirements for Enron Direct in Alberta; and given my understanding that Blakes' involvement with EES Canada has been relatively limited, I think it would make sense to have Donahue Ernst & Young continue on with this matter.  I am, however, sensitive to Jim's concerns, and therefore wanted your thoughts on the matter.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Peter
Vicki, let's discusss this today; I will get Mark's thoughts tomorrow.
Jim, I will be travelling tomorrow and will not be at the GC meeting.  Please let me know how to best be brought up to date if there is a discussion at the GC meeting.=20
Perhaps we could discuss this following the GC meeting tomorrow.  Jim
Jim and Mark, as you know, we have established a retail affiliate within Enron Canada known as Enron Direct.  In addition, EES has a Canadian entity, EES Canada, which was established for the purposes of entering into some cross-border transactions in Canada.  For various reasons, it has been decided to roll Enron Direct into EES Canada reporting, commercially, to Rob Milnthorp, who will in turn report to Dave Delainey.  There are two legal/governance-related issues that I wanted to raise with you:
1.=09Governance:  As a result, it will be necessary to make various corporate re-organizations to EES Canada.  This will include having EES Canada established as an Alberta corporation, where Enron Canada has, and Enron Direct will have, its principal Canadian office.  In relation to this, I was considering that EES Canada should be organized consistent with Enron Canada, with two Canadian resident nominee directors and Canadian-resident officers.  A few years back, it was decided, for corporate law and, more importantly, tax-related "permanent establishment" issues, that all directors and officers of Enron Canada would be Canadian-resident employees of Enron Canada.  Accordingly, Enron Canada was re-organized with a nominee board of directors consisting of Rob Milnthorp (as the senior commercial employee) and me (as the senior legal employee) with a Canadian slate of officers being the Vice-Presidents or Managing Directors in Canada responsible for the various commercial or commercial-support groups.  I was thinking of doing likewise with EES Canada.  Although I have not yet obtained a copy of the corporate records for EES Canada, I believe the current directors of EES Canada are Jim and an outside lawyer at Blake, Cassels & Graydon in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  I am not sure, but it is also likely that various US-based employees of EES are designated as the officers of EES Canada.  Would it be appropriate to re-organize EES Canada along the same lines that Enron Canada has been organized, or do you have concerns?
2.=09Law Firm:  Following-up on our conversation last week, I want to confirm that our continued use of Donahue Ernst & Young for this retail project was "grandfathered" on the basis that they were "up the learning curve" on a number of the contracting, regulatory, licensing and market participation issues.  There is one twist, however, with respect to EES Canada.  Although I was not involved, I believe that EES Canada was established to execute on some gas transactions in Ontario with the use of a Blakes partner in Toronto, Ernest McNee.  However, as the focus of the business initiative in Canada will, at least in the near future, be more involved and predominantly, if not entirely, in Alberta; and as Donahue Ernst & Young is involved in regulatory proceedings on our behalf with respect to market design issues affecting the Alberta gas and power markets, as well as being familiar with the licensing and contracting requirements for Enron Direct in Alberta; and given my understanding that Blakes' involvement with EES Canada has been relatively limited, I think it would make sense to have Donahue Ernst & Young continue on with this matter.  I am, however, sensitive to Jim's concerns, and therefore wanted your thoughts on the matter.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Peter
Jimbo, please see the attachment.  Please call me to discuss it.  When it is in final form, it needs to be sent to crogers@mail.smu.edu
Love, Dad
Dad I am sorry that the grammer is terrible but there isn?t a spell check
and I have run out of time bc the place is closing. love Son
_________________________________________________________________
- James V.doc  
I am currently available the week of June 4.  With respect to Corporate Legal, and subject to your thoughts, I suggest we meet with Rex Rogers and Chuck Cheek. Jim
Jim and Rob,
As you know, mid-year 2001 PRC is right around the corner and the scheduled meeting dates are be  from June 4-29th.  Please let me know 2 or 3 meeting dates when you would be available to have your Mid Year PRC meeting.  We would need to schedule a date for Corporate Legal and also a date to discuss the functional legal professionals throughout Enron.  I would also need to know what committee members we would need to invite for the Corporate Legal meeting.  I have a list of attendees from last year end PRC meeting.  I will send you those names for your revisions. 
Please let me know as soon as possible the preferred dates and start times so that we can avoid conflict when trying to schedule other meetings.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at 3-0649 
Thanks,
Sheila Walton
FYI
The Approval status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Sherri Sera
Expense Report Name: Philadelphia
Report Total: $2,197.18
Amount Due Employee: $2,197.18
Amount Approved: $2,197.18
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Accounting Review
Payment Status: Pending
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Mary Nell, no one could have worked harder or better than you in the effort to bring about a just decision in this matter.  Thank you for your tireless efforts--I am proud to serve on the Enron team with you. All the best. Jim
Disappointingly, the House of Lords ruled 5 - 0 against Enron in the CATS litigation today.  This will mean that we will repay to the CATS parties approximately $150 million plus interest and court costs, putting the final figure at an estimated $155-160 million.  We expect to be invoiced for the principal amount in the next week or so; sorting costs and interest may take as long as 60 days.  The written opinion reflects a determination on the part of the Lords to rule against us regardless of what the contract says.  The opinion seeks to conclude "what rational businessmen could have intended" rather than applying the provisions of the contract 
For example, Lord Hoffman (author of the primary opinion) makes it clear that the  "retrospective consequences" of discovering a latent defect after payments have been made (and would therefore need to be refunded) are unacceptable.  His view seems to be that because we were not ready to flow J-Block gas during the period of the T-6 leak, we are not damaged and therefore not entitled to relief under the contract.  Furthermore, he says that the Commencement Date notice sent by the CATS parties was in the nature of a declaration and as long as it is sent in good faith it is effective.
As far as the price reduction formula in Clause 7.5, Lord Hoffman opines that the clause is not operative until TGTL had tied in the J-Block field.  The contract makes no reference to this requirement.  Hoffman's view is that it is only upon tie-in that the CATS parties' obligation to provide the Transportation Service is triggered and therefore there can be no price reduction for not providing the service unless tie-in is complete. This statement is in stark contrast with Hoffman's earlier statement in the opinion that upon the giving of the Commencement Date notice the CATS parties have an absolute obligation to provide the Transportation Service.
Equally disappointing and surprising is the fact that the Lords rejected our submission for reimbursement of our costs incurred in connection with the restitution issue.  As you may recall, restitution was the primary issue upon which the CATS parties obtained leave to appeal, and they conceded the point at the commencement of the hearing.  Reimbursement of these costs should have been a given. 
Although I have not yet been able to speak to our most senior barrister, our other counsel have assessed the opinion as "appalling" and "pathetic," and describe the situation as one where Enron has been "stitched up".  Unfortunately, given that this is the court of last resort in this country (except of course the Court of Human Rights), there is not an avenue for recourse.
In conclusion may I say that although we did not get the result we wanted or expected from the House of Lords, I very much appreciate all the support from each of you for these past six years.  The case has been a roller coaster ride;  I hope our earlier victory in the Court of Appeal will evidence in fact that some tribunals in this country recognize that we did get it right. 
Please call me if you wish to discuss the case in any further detail, or if you wish to have a copy of the opinion.  My telephone number is 011 44 207 783 6582.  Many thanks.
Kelly, there are no changes.  Thank you. Jim
Mr. Derrick, we will hold ENE Officer elections at the next Board meeting on May 1st. Please let us know if there are any changes to the slate listed below by April 20th. Thanks, Kelly
Name	Title	
James V. Derrick, Jr.	Executive Vice President and General Counsel	
Rebecca C. Carter	Senior Vice President, Board Communications and Secretary	
Robert H. Walls, Jr.	Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel	
Rex R. Rogers	Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary	
FYI. Jim
Jim,  I cannot thank you enough for those incredibly kind words.  It will take a bit of time for my frustration to subside, but in the meantime we must carry on.  I am arranging a meeting with Jonathan to see if he can shed some light on this strange opinion and on why we were denied our costs on the restitution point.  He may not be available until after Easter.  I have spoken to Laurence who describes the opinion as pathetic.  Perhaps even more interesting and somewhat troubling is the fact that it was actually Pollack who said to Laurence that Enron had been "stitched up" by the Lords and that the opinion was a joke.  I do not want to sound like a sore loser, but it does make one think this is a bit of a kangaroo court if the winning counsel says the result is a joke.  Anyway, it is not a very funny one.  In all seriousness perhaps we should consider whether we ought to modify our policy permitting submitting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  I realize they have not historically honored the non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses, but at least it might give us a fighting chance to go to a more neutral venue like Switzerland.  Anyway, give it some thought.  I will let you know as soon as I have been able to speak with Jonathan.  Again, many thanks for your wonderful support every step of the way.
Mary Nell, no one could have worked harder or better than you in the effort to bring about a just decision in this matter.  Thank you for your tireless efforts--I am proud to serve on the Enron team with you. All the best. Jim
Disappointingly, the House of Lords ruled 5 - 0 against Enron in the CATS litigation today.  This will mean that we will repay to the CATS parties approximately $150 million plus interest and court costs, putting the final figure at an estimated $155-160 million.  We expect to be invoiced for the principal amount in the next week or so; sorting costs and interest may take as long as 60 days.  The written opinion reflects a determination on the part of the Lords to rule against us regardless of what the contract says.  The opinion seeks to conclude "what rational businessmen could have intended" rather than applying the provisions of the contract. =20
For example, Lord Hoffman (author of the primary opinion) makes it clear that the  "retrospective consequences" of discovering a latent defect after payments have been made (and would therefore need to be refunded) are unacceptable.  His view seems to be that because we were not ready to flow J-Block gas during the period of the T-6 leak, we are not damaged and therefore not entitled to relief under the contract.  Furthermore, he says that the Commencement Date notice sent by the CATS parties was in the nature of a declaration and as long as it is sent in good faith it is effective.
As far as the price reduction formula in Clause 7.5, Lord Hoffman opines that the clause is not operative until TGTL had tied in the J-Block field.  The contract makes no reference to this requirement.  Hoffman's view is that it is only upon tie-in that the CATS parties' obligation to provide the Transportation Service is triggered and therefore there can be no price reduction for not providing the service unless tie-in is complete. This statement is in stark contrast with Hoffman's earlier statement in the opinion that upon the giving of the Commencement Date notice the CATS parties have an absolute obligation to provide the Transportation Service.
Equally disappointing and surprising is the fact that the Lords rejected our submission for reimbursement of our costs incurred in connection with the restitution issue.  As you may recall, restitution was the primary issue upon which the CATS parties obtained leave to appeal, and they conceded the point at the commencement of the hearing.  Reimbursement of these costs should have been a given.=20
Although I have not yet been able to speak to our most senior barrister, our other counsel have assessed the opinion as "appalling" and "pathetic," and describe the situation as one where Enron has been "stitched up".  Unfortunately, given that this is the court of last resort in this country (except of course the Court of Human Rights), there is not an avenue for recourse.
In conclusion may I say that although we did not get the result we wanted or expected from the House of Lords, I very much appreciate all the support from each of you for these past six years.  The case has been a roller coaster ride;  I hope our earlier victory in the Court of Appeal will evidence in fact that some tribunals in this country recognize that we did get it right.=20
Please call me if you wish to discuss the case in any further detail, or if you wish to have a copy of the opinion.  My telephone number is 011 44 207 783 6582.  Many thanks.
Dear Dean Rogers:
I would very much appreciate your forwarding the attachment to the appropriate individuals at the Law School. I am most grateful for your assistance.
Sincerely yours,
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Jim,
Here is an introduction for our meeting tomorrow.  I will be prepared to answer any questions you have about the litigation.  Thanks.
FYI
Eric Gonzales will be moving back to Houston and working full time co-heading the Global LNG group as of April 20.  The LNG market looks very promising and the team has already done a number of spot cargoes With that evolution we will make the following changes:  the Spanish team headed by Mariano Gentilini, will now report to Eric Shaw who will then have origination responsibilities for the entire origination and asset development efforts on the European Continent.  The Spanish energy markets are becoming increasingly integrated into the neighbouring continental energy markets, with significant cross border opportunities and we expect these changes to help us maximise our information sharing and cross-border opportunities.
The Arcos power station development effort has made significant progress over the past few years under Eric Gonzales's leadership.  We are entering the final permitting stage, and we expect to begin construction by the end of this year.  We would like to thank Eric for his contribution over the past three years, and we are confident that the strong team he has built will successfully complete this critical project.  In addition to his Country Head responsibilities for Spain and Portugal, Mariano will continue to lead the Arcos development effort. 
Please let me have your comments.  Thank you.
The Corp. design of the iBuyit system is well underway.  We appreciate your initial support of the system and would like to solicit your input on some system details that will be custom to the Corp. deployment and may be used eventually for other business units' standards.  Bob Butts has approved the following request limits for Corp. Accounting, and we need to get your "OK" as well for implementation.  Please call me at x33896 if you have any questions or would like to discuss this proposal.
Request limits:  The system allows setup of graduated dollar limits for order amounts based on job classification, which are listed below, with some examples of items that might fit within each limit.  Requests with totals below these limits would flow through the system without any further authorization required.  Exceptions to these levels can be made on an individual basis, and those individuals will be identified as we get closer to implementation.
Level 1	Clerks/Sr. Clerks	$250		Routine office supplies, beverages, pager, computer keyboard
Level 2	Admins/Specialists	$500		Small furniture, larger supply orders, palm pilot
Level 3	Sr. Specialist		$5,00		Computer, fax machine, furniture
Level 4	Manager		$25,000
Level 5	Director/Sr. Director	$100,000
Level 6	Vice President		$250,000
Level 7	Managing Director	$500,000
Level 8	EVP			$1.0M
Please note that these amounts fall within the Enron standards for invoice approval authority.  In our meetings with Stakeholders and Change Agents, we got a clear message that lower ordering authorization was preferable 
Approval Flow:  The system allows approval flow to be customized to each department.  For example, Public Affairs could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to flow first to an Admin for approval, then to a Sr. Specialist or higher for final issuance.  The Accounting department could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to go directly to a Director for the first level of approval.  Under the limits proposed below, a $650 request by a Sr. Specialist would not be routed, as it would fall under the specified ordering authorized level.  As we get closer to the implementation date, we will work with the designated Stakeholders to design the approval flow for your departments.
Controls:  As with any system, a concentrated effort can bypass built-in controls.  As a control mechanism, we've proposed that SAP generate a periodic report so that cost center owners can conveniently track ordering activity.  The team is working on the best way to generate and deliver this report.
I appreciate your "OK" on the above, or any feedback you might have.
,
Elizabeth Linnell
Rich, I am forwarding a message from Jim Rylander and his son, Reagan.  Reagan, who has an MBA from Duke, is looking for a position in the San Franciso area.  If you become aware of any opportunites, I would appreciate your letting Jim or Reagan know.  Thank you.  Jim 
jim-per our discussion.    thanks!
 > >   - rylander resume.doc 
Jim, thank you for the message.  I have forwarded it to Rich Dimichele of Enron Broadband and will continue to keep Reagan in mind for any opportunities in the San Francisco area of which I become aware. All the best. Jim 
jim-per our discussion.    thanks!
 > >   - rylander resume.doc  
I am fine with your proposed selection of counsel. Jim
Jim
I am managing a dispute here in Singapore involving the tenancy of one of our expats (John Chismar). Essentially, there was an agreement for an early termination on 31 May 2001, but the Landlord is now seeking to "rescind" the early termination agreement on grounds that we have allegedly prevented his contractors from inspecting the premises thereby breaching a condition of  termination agreement. 
I am of the view that the allegations are without merit but there is significant acrimony with the Landlord and all attempts at reasoning with him have failed. John Chismar is of course adamant about moving out and has in fact agreed to a new lease of different premises. The Landlord (who is an ex-lawyer) is likely to be uncooperative when we try to hand over at the end of the month and withhold the deposit of S$42,750 (approx. US$24,000) and try to sue for rent.
In anticipation of litigation, I would like to instruct external counsel to help me manage this matter. I took the liberty to mention this to John C and he is agreeable to the course of action.
I would like to propose Hri Kumar of Drew & Napier whom I have worked with and instructed for similar matters in my previous employment. Drew & Napier is a prominent law firm in Singapore (especially for litigation). They have a joint venture with Freshfields of the UK which operate here in Singapore as Freshfields Drew & Napier dealing with high end corporate work. However, I note that Drew & Napier is not on our approved list of external counsel and write for your approval that I instruct them for this matter.
Matt Lee
Legal Counsel
Singapore 
Tel : (65)  838 9103
Fax : (65) 734 2868
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
Folks-
Attached is a draft Omnibus PFM.  Please forward any comments to me by 1:00 p.m. central time.  I'll try to incorporate comments as best as possible and recirculate.  We plan to deliver on Saturday in Mumbai.
Thanks,
Bruce
I have given my comments to Kristina Mordaunt. Jim Derrick
Rich would like to gather any feedback regarding this letter as soon as possible today.  To this end, plan to attend a 3:30pm conference call to discuss any revisions.  If you do not have any comments, please notify us as soon as possible.  If you know of others who should join the call, please forward them the dial-in information.  Thank you!
Friday, April 6th at 3:30PM CST
Dial-in 1-800-713-8600
Pass Code 870169
Crissy Collett
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith Street, EB4581A
Houston, Texas 77002
713.853.3366 713.306.8659 Mobile
The following letter will be sent to Mr. Michael Frickless, Executive Vice President of Viacom this afternoon.
Crissy Collett
Enron Broadband Services
1400 Smith Street, EB4581A
Houston, Texas 77002
713.853.3366 713.306.8659 Mobile
Please print the message and the attachment.  Thank you.
I attach a more developed (if longer) version of the proposed Notice of
Arbitration.
I would be grateful if Paul Kraske and his team could assist Andrew House in
verifying the facts, dates or events etc. indicated in the text.
Assuming that the PFM notice is served tomorrow, I should be grateful if a
copy could be sent at that time to the GOM demanding written confirmation of
the immediate cessation of all adverse activities complained of in the PFM,
the confirmation to reach DPC by 12:00 hours 1ST on 9th April 2001 (failing
which an arbitration will be commenced immediately against the GOM). My
point is this no such confirmation will be forthcoming, and even if it were
we would go ahead anyway. For formalistic purposes I simply wish to
crystallise in written form the existence of the disputes as between DPC and
the GOM.
We next need a 60-day notice under Clause 17.4(d) of the PPA.
Christopher J. Walker
Partner
Linklaters, Hong Kong
a member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
tel:  +852 2842 4857
facsimile:  +852 2810 8133
e-mail: christopher.walker@linklaters.com
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
- 010404_Notice_Arbitrtn_Mahara.doc 
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by: Ivan Vinueza
Expense Report Name: Philadelphia
Report Total: $2,197.18
Amount Due Employee: $2,197.18
Amount Approved: $2,197.18
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Pre-Approved
Payment Status: Authorized
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Jeff, I want to change the bio in certain respects. Please do not print it until I submit the proposed changes. Thank you.
The printing deadline for the program is Monday, April 16.
Do you wish to "rework" the bio that was printed in the invitation, or
would you like us to print the bio (in the program) as is?
________________________________________________________________
GET INTERNET ACCESS FROM JUNO!
Juno offers FREE or PREMIUM Internet access for less!
Join Juno today!  For your FREE software, visit:
Mont, I regret that I will not be able to attend.  Jim
This is to remind you of the HCFR meeting on Thursday, April 19, 2001 from 6:30 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. at the River Oaks Country Club, Pool Room.  Dr. Murray Weidenbaum will be the speaker and his topic will be:  "A U.S. Trade Policy for the 21st Century."
If you have not done so, please r.s.v.p. to me or Mont Hoyt. Thank you.
"WorldSecure Server   annotations on 04/06/01 13:06:44
From the law offices of Shook,Hardy, Bacon LLP.
FYI
Dad,
After reading and rereading the revised version I have decided to go with
the revised version without making any changes. I belive that it accuratly
sums up the reasons for my academic shorcommings that have plagued my
college years at Ole Miss. I hope that things will work out so that I can
set the record straight and make my family proud. I want to think you again
for being such an anchor in my life. I wish you could come back to Madrid
for a couple of days and hang out. The weather is truly inspiring. Primavera
is here. The sun is shining and the flowers are blooming. When mom was here
we went to the Thyssien and it mad me reminisce about what a wonderful time
I had with you here. I look forward to the next time. I am also very happy
to hear of the positive results stemming from Carrin?s trip to another one
of my favorite recent memories of us together in Scottsdale. Well lets keep
are fingers crossed and if things don?t go our way then I will find a
different avenue inwhich I can succeed. love, Son
_________________________________________________________________
Jimbo, thank you for the message.  I, too, have great, ever-lasting memories of our times together in Spain and Scottsdale. I am confident that there will be many more to come.  Please let me know how much longer you will be in Spain so that I can attempt to visit you again.  You have wonderful skills and integrity and a very big and caring heart, and you will do extremely well in whatever career life offers you. I am proud to be your father.  Love, Dad 
Dad,
After reading and rereading the revised version I have decided to go with
the revised version without making any changes. I belive that it accuratly
sums up the reasons for my academic shorcommings that have plagued my
college years at Ole Miss. I hope that things will work out so that I can
set the record straight and make my family proud. I want to think you again
for being such an anchor in my life. I wish you could come back to Madrid
for a couple of days and hang out. The weather is truly inspiring. Primavera
is here. The sun is shining and the flowers are blooming. When mom was here
we went to the Thyssien and it mad me reminisce about what a wonderful time
I had with you here. I look forward to the next time. I am also very happy
to hear of the positive results stemming from Carrin?s trip to another one
of my favorite recent memories of us together in Scottsdale. Well lets keep
are fingers crossed and if things don?t go our way then I will find a
different avenue inwhich I can succeed. love, Son
_________________________________________________________________
FYI
Jim:  It's pretty bad out there as you know.  I don't know of anyone who is hiring in the Bay area, but I will keep on the lookout and pass this on to some others who may have a line on an opportunity.  Rich
Rich, I am forwarding a message from Jim Rylander and his son, Reagan.  Reagan, who has an MBA from Duke, is looking for a position in the San Franciso area.  If you become aware of any opportunites, I would appreciate your letting Jim or Reagan know.  Thank you.  Jim 
jim-per our discussion.    thanks!
 > >   - rylander resume.doc 
I agree.  I assume you will re-type the transmittal language, attach the attachment, and transmit it to Dean Rogers.
I think that this sounds good to me and I would also like to write Mr.
Rogers a letter thanking him for his help regardless of whether his efforts
bear fruit.
Jam
_________________________________________________________________
Thank you for the reply.  We have no further comments.  Jim
No, these limits would only to apply to items in the electronic catalog, which wouldn't include outside services.  As it now stands, the system will be used for procurement of items like office supplies, catering, computers, etc.
Thanks!
Is this meant to cover invoices from outside counsel?  If it is, please discuss the proposal with Rob Walls.  Thank you. Jim
Just a reminder that we're looking for your input on the proposal outlined below.  Thanks!
I'm out of the office, but am monitoring my e-mail.
,
Elizabeth Linnell
The Corp. design of the iBuyit system is well underway.  We appreciate your initial support of the system and would like to solicit your input on some system details that will be custom to the Corp. deployment and may be used eventually for other business units' standards.  Bob Butts has approved the following request limits for Corp. Accounting, and we need to get your "OK" as well for implementation.  Please call me at x33896 if you have any questions or would like to discuss this proposal.
Request limits:  The system allows setup of graduated dollar limits for order amounts based on job classification, which are listed below, with some examples of items that might fit within each limit.  Requests with totals below these limits would flow through the system without any further authorization required.  Exceptions to these levels can be made on an individual basis, and those individuals will be identified as we get closer to implementation.
Level 1	Clerks/Sr. Clerks	$250		Routine office supplies, beverages, pager, computer keyboard
Level 2	Admins/Specialists	$500		Small furniture, larger supply orders, palm pilot
Level 3	Sr. Specialist		$5,00		Computer, fax machine, furniture
Level 4	Manager		$25,000
Level 5	Director/Sr. Director	$100,000
Level 6	Vice President		$250,000
Level 7	Managing Director	$500,000
Level 8	EVP			$1.0M
Please note that these amounts fall within the Enron standards for invoice approval authority.  In our meetings with Stakeholders and Change Agents, we got a clear message that lower ordering authorization was preferable 
Approval Flow:  The system allows approval flow to be customized to each department.  For example, Public Affairs could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to flow first to an Admin for approval, then to a Sr. Specialist or higher for final issuance.  The Accounting department could require a request for $650 placed by a clerk to go directly to a Director for the first level of approval.  Under the limits proposed below, a $650 request by a Sr. Specialist would not be routed, as it would fall under the specified ordering authorized level.  As we get closer to the implementation date, we will work with the designated Stakeholders to design the approval flow for your departments.
Controls:  As with any system, a concentrated effort can bypass built-in controls.  As a control mechanism, we've proposed that SAP generate a periodic report so that cost center owners can conveniently track ordering activity.  The team is working on the best way to generate and deliver this report.
I appreciate your "OK" on the above, or any feedback you might have.
,
Elizabeth Linnell
I think you would be a great candidate.
any interest?
Rob, I'm on the committee putting together this year's Power Institute sponsored by the South Texas College of Law.  As we do not have any speakers from Enron scheduled this year, I thought I would check with you to see if there is any interest in participating on the general counsel panel referenced in the proposed agenda contained in the attached fax.  Please let me know as soon as possible, as they apparently plan to finalize the agenda today.  Thanks.
Clark G. Thompson, Jr.
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
711 Louisiana, Suite 2900
Houston, Texas  77002-2781
Phone: 713.221.1477
Fax:      713.221.2116
email:    cthompson@bracepatt.com
CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT:
This information is intended only for the use of the individual or
entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is
privileged, confidential, and/or exempt from disclosure under applicable
law.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination of this information is strictly prohibited.  If
you have received this information in error, please notify us
immediately by telephone at (713) 221-1477 or by fax at (713) 221-2116,
and confirm that you have destroyed this information and any copies.
Thank you.
Date: Tue, 03 Apr 2001 12:51:49 -0500
Time: 04/03/2001 12:51:43 PM
Inbound user ID THOMCG, routing code 2116
Result: (0/352;0/0) Successful Send
Page record: 1 - 6
Elapsed time: 02:14 on channel 3
- M0026053.DCX  
FYI
The Payment status has changed on the following report:
Status last changed by:  System
Expense Report Name: Philadelphia
Report Total: $2,197.18
Amount Due Employee: $2,197.18
Amount Approved: $2,197.18
Amount Paid: $0.00
Approval Status: Approved
Payment Status: In Progress
To review this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
Please print the messages below.  Thank you.
Note: forwarded message attached. 
Do You Yahoo!?Yahoo! Mail Personal Address  -  Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Christopher -
I agree with your observations.  It seems to me that we want to consolidate
our Dec/Jan/Good Interest into one arbitration against each of MSEB and
GOM, rather than separate the claims further and thereby encourage MSEB/GOM
to cure some claims (e.g., Dec/Good Interest) and leave the January claim
hanging out there alone.
I understand your issues with rag-tag but am assuming that the rag-tag
label does not apply to Good Interest.
Thanks,
Bruce
Bruce,
I think that part of the plan discussed in London has simply been
superceded
by events. In particular,the corporate decision about what the end game and
desired end result are to consist in.
Accordingly,I now look upon the proposed GOM and MSEB arbitrations as
primarily a means of setting up the case for PPA termination in due course.
In the light of this:-
(1) The MSEB arbitration ought now to deal with misdeclaration and claim
payment of the January 2001 billing,as well as the December 2001 billing. I
expect that we shall also put in the subsequent misdeclaration episodes. I
see little value in putting in the older claims (i.e., the arrears and sums
withheld),mainly because Kelly Quinn's analysis of them tends to show that
many of DPC's claims are dud.
(2) There is no longer any useful purpose served in stripping the MSEB
arbitration down to misdeclaration only. Further,not merely I am more
convinced than I was that the MSEB was not entitled to withhold against the
December 2000 billing,but I think that DPC has a 50:50 case that the MSEB
was obliged to pay the January 2001 billing clean.
(3) As I see it,there will be two arbitrations against GOM (the SSA and the
Guarantee) and one against the MSEB. However,if we wish to harass the GOM
and set up further PPA termination grounds,we might well wish to do
something forceful and litigious when (as I confidently predict) the notice
under the escrow agreement is not responded to by the MSEB and the Indian
banks. The notice only really works as and when the Indian banks are
threatened.
Christopher -
Help me to understand the plan for the MSEB and GOM arbitrations for
December, January and Interest.  In how many pieces do we anticipate
submitting these arbitrations?  What strategy is behind the submission of
separate submissions?
I remember that we wanted to separate the MSEB January submission, at one
point, to hasten the disposition of the misdeclaration issue.  Does this
make sense given the events of the last few weeks and the sponsors'
sentiments about additional capital for the project?
Thanks,
Bruce
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
Paul, pursuant to Jimi's request, I am forwarding this attachment to you. We are both very grateful for and appreciative of your assistance. All the best. Jim  
Bruce, I am supportive of the team's engaging Justice Bhagwati.  Jim
Jim -
Pursuant to my e-mail, here is some information on one of the three
potential GOM/GOI arbitrator candidates that we want to approach.  I don't
have detailed information abou the other two but hope to have something
more by Monday.
Let me know if you have comments or concerns.
Thanks,
Bruce
Bruce,
Justice PN Bhagwati
For many years he was the Chief Justice of India - and was responsible for
many of the landmark decisions passed by the Supreme Court. After
retirement
from the Supreme Court he has pursued a career as an arbitrator and has
been
involved on a number of international arbitrations. As a separate career he
provides legal opinions on commercial matters. He is currently recognised
as
one of if not the outstanding senior lawyers in India. He with Justice
Chandrachud are probably India's best known arbitrators.
Has an outstanding reputation as an intellect to be reckoned with - in the
conferences I have had with him (on Metgas) and in Chris and Atul's
dealings
with him you have to marvel at his speed of thought despite the years.
Our primary concern with him appearing on the other side either for GOI or
GOM as their arbitrator, apart from his capability, is the simple fact that
he is extremely busy. If GOI or GOM want to slow down an arbitration
proceeding then in Atul's words "there can be no better choice than Mr
Bhagwati".
He has chaired several commissions - eg he wrote the revised Takeover Code.
He has also been responsible for much of the insolvency legislation.
I don't have sufficient details on Justices Chandrachud and Chandurkar and
could I please ask Chris to forward these to Bruce.
Sandeep
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________
Steph, am I available on the 17th?
Mr. Derrick,
Our firm has been retained by Enron on a variety of matters over the last few years but we have not yet met.  I will be in your Houston offices on Tuesday, April 17th.  I am writing to ask if you would be available to meet sometime that afternoon.
You may recall meeting my partner, Mike Morgan, in Portland about three to four years ago.  Mike has worked with Enron on the PGE/Sierra deal and other matters as well.
I am the senior partner at our firm who specializes in labor and employment law.  I am a former partner at Littler Mendelson in San Francisco and continue to enjoy a close relationship with that firm.
I have been working with Rick Johnson, Director of Labor and Employment Relations at Enron Corp.  We have been handling the labor issues associated with an energy management agreement--Project Neon.  Rich Freed is lead counsel.  We are working on a project labor agreement in connection with the construction of a power plant--Project Epic.  Randy Pais is overseeing that matter.  We are also working with Marty Keyser on some potential  O & M issues at EFS.
On April 17th, I will be having lunch with Michelle Cash, Sharon Butcher, Kriste Sullivan and Rick.  In the morning I will be meeting with representatives of EFS, EES and EEOS.
My flight on the 17th leaves at about 5:30 pm.  Rick and I would be available to stop by your office sometime after lunch on the 17th.
Please let me know if you are available to meet with us.  I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Victor Kisch
________________________________
Victor J. Kisch
Attorney at Law
Tonkon Torp LLP
888 SW 5th Avenue
1600 Pioneer Tower
Portland, OR  97204
503.802.2032 -direct
503.972.3732 -fax
victor@tonkon.com
www.tonkon.com
The information contained in this e-mail message may be privileged,
confidential, and protected from disclosure.  If you are not the
intended recipient, any dissemination, distribution, or copying is
strictly prohibited.  If you think you have received this e-mail message
in error, please e-mail the sender at victor@tonkon.com
Steph, please print the attachment. Thank you.
Folks -
For your files.
Bruce
Please print the attachment. Thank you.
Please see attached.
Kind 
Christopher J. Walker
Partner
Linklaters, Hong Kong
a member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Tel: (852) 2842 857
Fax: (852) 2810 8133
christopher.walker@linklaters.com
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
- 010404_Notice_Arbitrtn_Mahara.doc 
Steph, please print the attachment.  Thank you.
I attach the SSA Notices of Arbitration in final form for service at opening
of business in Bombay tomorrow.
A short cover letter is required. It need say no more than that which
constitutes the second paragraph of the letter to the GOI of 4th April 2001.
Andrew House
Solicitor
Linklaters, Hong Kong
a member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Tel: (852) 2901 5236
Fax: (852) 2810 8133
andrew.house@linklaters.com
Arbitration_Dup.doc>>
_____________________________________________________________
This e-mail is sent by or on behalf of Linklaters,
10/F Alexandra House, Chater Road, Hong Kong.
A list of the firm's principals will be provided to the
recipient(s) of this email upon request.
This statement is made in compliance with the Law Society of
Hong Kong's Practice Direction on the Format of Electronic
Communications.
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
_____________________________________________________________
- Copy Of 010409_Notice of Arbitration.doc 
- Copy Of 010409_Notice of Arbitration_Dup.doc 
I believe the committee has earned the right by its work to select the name. Jim
any preference?
We really need to get an official name for the Portal. The finalists are 
Enron Legal Edge 
Enron Legal Net
Enron Legal Source
EnLaw
Who is going to pick this...Mr. Derrick, the GC's or the committee? 
I understand that you will only have a few introductory comments on the Portal rather than a 15 minute presentation. I will be meeting with you Thursday, and we can talk about what type of slides I can prepare for you to go along with your comments. We will have a Portal Demo outside the ballroom where the participants can see the demo and be provided with information on the categories. We have a new graphic design for the Portal Header which you can see below. Let me know your thoughts?
Sheila, Stephanie has reminded me of an event that conflicts with June 7 & 8. However, June 4 or June 5 would seem to work. Jim
Jim, I will check with the General Counsel of the various Enron companies and see if Thursday, June 7th or Friday, June 8th is agreeable.  This will give us some time to review the Corporate Legal employees that will be discussed in this meeting and also give the Business Units some time to gather their feedback.  Will let you know.  Thanks.
Sheila Walton 
I am currently available the week of June 4.  With respect to Corporate Legal, and subject to your thoughts, I suggest we meet with Rex Rogers and Chuck Cheek. Jim
Jim and Rob,
As you know, mid-year 2001 PRC is right around the corner and the scheduled meeting dates are be  from June 4-29th.  Please let me know 2 or 3 meeting dates when you would be available to have your Mid Year PRC meeting.  We would need to schedule a date for Corporate Legal and also a date to discuss the functional legal professionals throughout Enron.  I would also need to know what committee members we would need to invite for the Corporate Legal meeting.  I have a list of attendees from last year end PRC meeting.  I will send you those names for your revisions. 
Please let me know as soon as possible the preferred dates and start times so that we can avoid conflict when trying to schedule other meetings.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at 3-0649 
Thanks,
Sheila Walton
I have left him a voice mail message.
FYI!  You might want to call John Barr when it's appropriate.  His direct line is 713/221-1242.  He is also a new partner in the law firm.  He is the one that so ably argued, before the federal judge in Louisiana, the propriety of our attachment of the vessel.  (As you recall, the judge ruled our way on that issue.)
Date: Mon, 09 Apr 2001 15:43:50 -0500
I am pleased to report that we have successfully concluded our case against the M/V Titan 2.  Last Friday, Enron received the last outstanding payment of $1,665,059.37, bringing our recovery up to 100% of Enron's damages, including all attorneys' fees and costs.  Enron's total recovery was in excess of $9,000,000.  We were ably assisted by Gail Brownfeld, Randy Pais, Carlos Sole, and John Schwartzenberg of Enron, and by Jimmy Nieset of Plauche, Smith & Nieset of Lake Charles, Louisiana.
John H. Barr, Jr.
Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
711 Louisiana, Ste 2900
Houston, Texas 77002
(713)221-1242
(713)222-3206 (fax)
I suggest you tell him to drop by around 2:15 for a 15 or 20 minute meeting.
What time do you want to tell this guy he can come?  Do you want me to write to him?  THX, S
You've got yourself marked out for "PV".   BTW, I know tomorrow is a Tuesday, but I have moved Mr. McCartney several times and he has had conflicts and had to change also.  This is the only time.  He is coming at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.  OK?  S
Steph, am I available on the 17th?
Mr. Derrick,
Our firm has been retained by Enron on a variety of matters over the last few years but we have not yet met.  I will be in your Houston offices on Tuesday, April 17th.  I am writing to ask if you would be available to meet sometime that afternoon.
You may recall meeting my partner, Mike Morgan, in Portland about three to four years ago.  Mike has worked with Enron on the PGE/Sierra deal and other matters as well.
I am the senior partner at our firm who specializes in labor and employment law.  I am a former partner at Littler Mendelson in San Francisco and continue to enjoy a close relationship with that firm.
I have been working with Rick Johnson, Director of Labor and Employment Relations at Enron Corp.  We have been handling the labor issues associated with an energy management agreement--Project Neon.  Rich Freed is lead counsel.  We are working on a project labor agreement in connection with the construction of a power plant--Project Epic.  Randy Pais is overseeing that matter.  We are also working with Marty Keyser on some potential  O & M issues at EFS.
On April 17th, I will be having lunch with Michelle Cash, Sharon Butcher, Kriste Sullivan and Rick.  In the morning I will be meeting with representatives of EFS, EES and EEOS.
My flight on the 17th leaves at about 5:30 pm.  Rick and I would be available to stop by your office sometime after lunch on the 17th.
Please let me know if you are available to meet with us.  I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Victor Kisch
________________________________
Victor J. Kisch
Attorney at Law
Tonkon Torp LLP
888 SW 5th Avenue
1600 Pioneer Tower
Portland, OR  97204
503.802.2032 -direct
503.972.3732 -fax
victor@tonkon.com
www.tonkon.com
The information contained in this e-mail message may be privileged,
confidential, and protected from disclosure.  If you are not the
intended recipient, any dissemination, distribution, or copying is
strictly prohibited.  If you think you have received this e-mail message
in error, please e-mail the sender at victor@tonkon.com
Dear David and Dan:
I want to thank you for making the effort to come to Houston last month and for your kind follow-up letters.  I enjoyed the opportunity to meet you, and I also enjoyed our discussion.  Don't forget my offer to treat you to a game at Enron Field.  All the best.  Jim
Please print the attachment. Thank you.
Please print the attachment.  Thank you.
READ THIS.
I attach the revised versions of the GOM arbitration notices (SSA).
   > Notice_Supp SSA.doc>>