Bonnie White can help you.
Richard -
I have a small contract matter involving Enron Credit that requires a settlement agreement.
Basically, EC orally agreed to have a third party develop and host a website that would provide the EC information to site subscribers.  These subscribers might also be subscribers to other products promoted by the third party.  The written agreement backing up the oral agreement was due to be finalized on Friday of last week, but, as you can imagine was not actually signed.
As EC is not pursuing its business at this time, it has asked to terminate the relationship with this third party - a termination that will cost $96K.
I have been asked to do a settlement agreement and was wondering if there is any particular form that Enron uses or that you may have for this type of deal.  It is rather simple in nature, but we do want to make sure that all necessary release language is included.
Thanks.
Mark
I can't see how this could be related to our battles with the AG over trading issues in CA. I have no concerns.
Dave and Dean, I am forwarding the email to Richard Sanders.  Richard, this is FYI.  The Calif. State Atty Gen'l's office wanted to see the land use application in connection with our project development efforts in Lodi, CA.  We don't understand why that office would be interested.  If you have any concerns, please let me know; also, if we learn more about this, we will let you know.
Christian, this is FYI re your California trading matters, in case this might be relevant.
Kenton
Why don't we let richard Sanders know about this.  I agree with Kenton that someone is probably up to no good.  However, if I understand the document, it is (or will) probably be public one day anyway.  I would let Richard know just as an FYI and see what are his comments.
Who is Rad?  This is Lodi's application to itself for approval to use the plant site for a generating plant?  If the AG office wants to see it, I have trouble imagining a harmless reason:  I almost wonder if the AG is interested in whether the city would have legal authority to both apply and approve.  But somebody would have had to arouse the state's interest; who would do that?  PG&E?
If the application is a public document, then the state could easily get it anyway, so it's OK to send it, but why wouldn't the state have asked the city for it?
Kenton 
Gentlemen- 
FYI - Tim Murphy at URS called me today to let me know that Rad Bartlam called him and asked him to send a copy of the Lodi Land Use Application to the State Attorney General's Office.  Rad said he didn't know why they wanted it, and Tim has no clue either.  I told Tim it was OK to send it.  Any guesses as to why they want it?
Dean 
This is now yours
Vicki, a few weeks ago a friend of mine, Steve Greenwald (a partner in Davis Wright Tremaine's San Francisco office), called to tell me that one of his clients, Texas-Ohio Energy, Inc., had entered into an agreement with an Enron entity, and was claiming that Enron had breached that agreement.  This client is allegedly preparing to file a petition against us.  Steve told his client that DWT could not represent Texas-Ohio in litigation against Enron, and Steve asked me to try to find out what agreement his client might be talking about (at that time, Steve did not have a copy of the agreement).  Steve asked his client to produce the agreement, and at the same we checked throughout Enron for the agreement (Vicki, you checked around and couldn't find any agreement between EES and Texas-Ohio).  We weren't even sure which Enron entity was involved.  We did kick around my proposal that Steve might be able to serve as a mediator between Texas-Ohio and Enron, to attempt to settle the dispute without litigation.
Now we have the agreement, and it is with EES.  I will send it to you when I get a good-quality copy (which is being sent to me today).  From my almost-illegible faxed copy, It is a Client Commission Agreement between EES and Texas-Ohio, Inc., dated October 13, 2000.  Timonthy J. Hamilton signed as Attorney-in-Fact for EES; there are no lawyers' initials on the execution block.  Texas-Ohio is entitled to recommend to EES prospective commercial and industrial customers served by SoCal, SDG&E, SWG (Southwest Gas), and PG&E.  If EES enters into an agreement with any such identified customers, Texas-Ohio earns a commission.  There are provisions concerning price quoting and commission calculation; I'm sure you are familiar with those.
I am not familiar with this agreement or the extent of its use, and I do not yet know the nature of Texas-Ohio's claim, although I would suspect it is for non-payment of commissions allegedly due.  I will forward the agreement to you, and I'll stand by to help on this, should you want me to.   And Steve Greenwald would be happy to try to broker a peace, if that offer becomes attractive (I'd be happy to introduce you to him, or to work with him, as you wish).
Sheila, this is FYI so that you'll know what's happened on this matter.  It's been a while since we discussed it.  Richard, this is FYI also, inasmuch as this could lead to litigation.
Thank you,=20
Kenton
Did you get this and is it being handled? Also-- what happened to that Nepco case for $2800?
The following original documents, received today, have been forwarded for your immediate attention:
State of Oklahoma ex rel. Oklahoma State Department of Health v. NEPCO, a Delaware Corporation; No. CJ 2001 05209, In the 14th Judicial District Court, Tulsa County, Oklahoma.  SUMMONS and PETITION to CT Corp for National Energy Production Corporation by certified mail on 10/3/01.
PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY.
Thank you 
Becky A. Stephens
Support Services Coordinator
Enron Litigation Unit, EB4809
713/853-5025
713/853-6576 (fax)
Becky.Stephens@
Richard - in case you need it for the venue transfer, this is the list that EOL prepared that demonstrates the lack of trading activity with entities based in the Eastern District  
Travis C. McCullough 
please see enclosed spreadsheet
Vinson & Elkins is collecting information regarding EnronOnline in connection with preparing Enron's defense of the patent infringement suit filed against Enron last week.  Peter Mims, an intellectual property lawyer with Vinson & Elkins, would like to speak with each of you regarding certain aspects of EnronOnline.  I suggested that he contact each of you directly to set up a time to meet with you.
Any assistance that you can provide to Peter would be greatly appreciated.  Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Travis C. McCullough 
550 5.1.2  
for  Received: from nahou-mscnx04p.corp.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
Fri, 7 Sep 2001 09:54:49 -0500
I am good for Wed. at Kenneally's at 5:30.
Right now all we need is for Richard to confirm.
 Max - Wed. 5:30 p.m., Kenneally's, Sander's buying - that's all good to
me.
 Let me know when you have it confirmed. - Gage