________________________________________________________________
YOU'RE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR THE INTERNET!
Juno now offers FREE Internet Access!
Try it today - there's no risk!  For your FREE software, visit:
Christine,
I so rarely write love notes.  17 years ago it was common place, even a daily 
event.  What happened to that guy?  I could have been a cartoonist in another 
life 
I am here at 35,000 feet 2,000 miles from Bankock Thailand, flying  by China, 
soon to be over the Philippines and pondering our lives.  You said something 
very interesting to me on the phone as I was getting on the bus to the 
airport.  You said that you would love to have 6 hours on the airplane by 
yourself.  I can certainly understand that.  I seem to have a l lot of that 
on this trip.  I am sitting here on the plane, a little tipsy after a couple 
glasses of wine, and my mind turns to you and the kids.   I wish I could be 
there now to see the kids all dressed up in their costumes ready to go out 
trick or treating.  I bet they look great.
As i sit here and feel a little sorry for myself then i come back to reality 
and realize just how lucky we really are.  I turned to Ken Rice at the 
ceremony yesterday and said, "What is an Okie and a boy from Nebraska doing 
at a Japanese barrel ceremony with Thomas Foley, former Speaker of the House, 
breaking a barrel of saki in front of 300 Japanese executives and TV.  The 
Prime Minister of Japan didn't show up and actually it is expected that he is 
out of a job on a no confidence vote last night.  (Really bad luck for Enron 
here) I would have liked to have met him.  Actually, the ceremony was neat 
and I imagine that they will have some funny pictures from it.  You should 
see me in a Happy coat.  I'll explain when i get home 
Can you imagine sitting in our home, right after Michael was born and even 
imagining what are lives are like today?  We are so blessed.  Even more than 
that, I am so blessed to have you. I was writing in my journal on the trip 
over, you know my journal - that project that I have dedicated a big part of 
my life to and that you have never read, reflecting on our lives and 
wondering why God let me find you so many years ago.  I must have been a 
priest in a former life.
Anyway, I just wanted to say I love you and there aren't any phones on this 
airplane.  Thai Airlines, go figure. So I am calling you via email.  Although 
I am not sure when I will get the opportunity to actually send this over the 
internet.
I love you and miss you very much.
Eternally,
Michael
See you soon and in time for soccer.
xxxxxooooo
Brent,
I would like this to become formal policy within EGM as well. I know that it 
exists and is around but no one is familiar with this or exactly how it 
works.   We have made strides with credibility with RAC regarding coal and we 
are doing a better job of seeing deals in general but I would like to put out 
a policy like this for us.  Please take a look at this and draft a memo that 
can be sent out addressing the approval procedures and the guidelines and 
limits around them.
Thanks,
mike
Yes, there is a formalized process.  After Credit and Legal, and in most 
cases RAC, look at transactions, a VP or higher will sign the Dash.  For Doug 
to sign the Bahamas option contract, I need to know the premium.  Please 
contact Brent Price for our DASH.  (Deal approval sheet)
Jeff
Merritt Thomas                10/23/2000 04:51 PM
Jeff,
I'm sorry to bother you with this, but I can't seem to get a straight answer 
from anyone - when one is signing a contract around here, is there a form you 
fill out for approval?  In London, everyone fills out a CACS form (Contract A
uthorisation Control Sheet), and if the deal is > $0.5m, then a DASH is 
required as well.  Brad seems to think that if a DASH is not required, then 
the business unit head signs off on the expenditure?  Is there a formalised 
global-markets process for this, or is this a product-by-product thing?  (in 
which case, I'll assume LNG has no process, and I'll direct Eric to implement 
one...)  (Doug Arnell needs to purchase his option for the Bahamas land 
thing, thus the reason for the question).
fyi, attached is European CACS form. 
Thanks,
Merritt  
John, 
What exactly are we trading here and how do you think it is going?
mike
Louise,
I was clearing some old emails.   What ever happened with this guy?  Did you 
hire him or blow him off Thanks,
Mike
Dear Mike, 
My name is Joseph Mathew and I used to work with Enron from 1996-1999, where 
I was last a commercial Director as of 1998.? I have worked very successfully 
with Greg Whalley, Jeff Shankman, Fred Lagrasta, John Arnold, Duane Hart, 
Amanda Martin, Harold Buchanan, among others in the past.? I had also 
authored a financial products paper with Louise Kitchens that was published 
by two European trade magazines in the spring of 1997.
I am currently a Vice President and Senior Officer of Chematch.com, a 
Houston-based online bulk petrochemical, polymer and fuel products trading 
exchange.? We founded the firm over one year ago, and things have been going 
quite well.
However, the landscape for our business model, industry market penetration, 
as well as increased competition has eroded the chance for strong revenue 
success of this company, and I wish to return to Enron, but staying within 
the dynamic, challenging high-tech areas, such as Enron Global Markets.
My responsibilities here at Chematch.com have been multiple-fold.? I have 
been directly responsible for the creation of the business strategy/plan (and 
its changes), the pro-forma financial statements and projections that 
permutate with the strategy, key strategic alliances with best of breed 
industry participants, venture capital raising process for three series of 
funding, the Investment Banking presentations/diligence/IPO work.
I currently head up all of the Chematch.com content, information and 
analytics efforts, for both cash and paper markets.? I also head up 
Petrochem.net, the sister company within Chematch.com.
Prior to joining Enron, I graduated from the University of Chicago with a 
Master of Business Administration in Analytic Finance and Accounting.? Prior 
to b-school, I worked on Wall Street for 3 1/2 years in investment banking 
and capital markets.
Attached is a copy of my resume.? My goal is to procure a challenging 
leadership position within your group in the capacity of Business 
Developement, Corporate Finance, Mergers & Acquisition, or Venture Capital I would be open to other suggestions.
Please review my resume when you get a chance.? I appreciate that you are 
very busy, but I would very much appreciate hearing back from you if you see 
a fit between what I can offer and what your group is doing.
Joseph P. Mathew 
Vice President-Information & Analytics 
CheMatch.com 
2900 North Loop West, Suite 1120 
Houston, TX 77092 
(Main):(713)681-6600 Ext. 2238 
(Cell):(832)423-7435 
(Fax) :(713)681-0906 
(E-mail):jmathew@chematch.com 
? 
- JoeDoc.doc
Im out of town
m
All,
I haven't heard back.  Please respond to the email. Let me know if you didn't 
receive it.
Thanks,
mike
Guys,
Attached below is a presentation that I put together for M Frevert for the 
latest analyst presentation.  We kept it to only a few businesses -  they 
didn't end up using any of it.  I do however want to have an EGM presentation 
that everyone can use.  Please prepare a section on each of your businesses 
and return via email or hard copy.  Don't worry about power point, simply the 
dot points that you want on the page.
Thanks,
mike
Jason Rios@
10/09/2000 03:36 PM
How about my emails!
m
David,
Any update from your last email a couple of weeks ago?
Thanks,
Mike
Hi,
I noticed that there are several people missing from my personal address 
list.  Would you please check to make sure it is up to date and add missing 
directs.  L Lawyer, J Nowlan, B Price, add T Meyers, R McDonald.  There may 
be more.
Thanks,
m 
Cindy, I don't think we have a fit here but would you please follow-up and 
let him know that we looked around and couldn't find anything.  Also please 
forward to other groups as well.
Thanks,
mike
Jerry Mundy@
10/24/2000 01:53 PM
Mike,
Thanks for the quick follow-up. My background is in the sales, marketing, 
strategic planning and M&A areas in the industrial sector. Do not know if 
there is a fit, but I had hoped to explore possibilities with you.
Jerry Mundy  ext:68387  
FYI.
m
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
10/30/2000 01:40 PM
Privileged and Confidential Attorney-Client Communication
Mike Brown, David Terlip, Janice Moore and I met today.  Plan is for Mike to 
get an answer from Siemens (probably this week or next) on spec.  If Siemens 
amenable to relax First Gas' spec to plant, request First Gas to relax it's 
spec to us.  Mike will report to you as soon as he has heard from Siemens If either Siemens or First Gas recalcitrant, move to litigation strategy This would mean at next cargo delivery (due mid-November):  (1)  if cargo 
"off spec" demand separate test using "ashing" technique (more likely to 
pass) and if it passes using "ashing" declare on spec and arbitrate dispute 
over acceptance of "ashing" as industry standard; (2) if cargo rejected 
(either because First Gas refuses to accept "ashing" or because off spec even 
with "ashing") resale cargo and force First Gas to locate alternative 
supplies; dispute First Gas invoice for cost of cover.   Mike mentioned a 
possible dispute over storage which could also arise with the next delivery This could bring us into a dispute with First Gas even if the cargo is on 
spec.
Our plan is to get back to you in any event next week when you return with a 
status report.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Cheers.  And congratulations on the Sooners' win.
Thanks for the update.
m
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
10/30/2000 01:40 PM
Privileged and Confidential Attorney-Client Communication
Mike Brown, David Terlip, Janice Moore and I met today.  Plan is for Mike to 
get an answer from Siemens (probably this week or next) on spec.  If Siemens 
amenable to relax First Gas' spec to plant, request First Gas to relax it's 
spec to us.  Mike will report to you as soon as he has heard from Siemens If either Siemens or First Gas recalcitrant, move to litigation strategy This would mean at next cargo delivery (due mid-November):  (1)  if cargo 
"off spec" demand separate test using "ashing" technique (more likely to 
pass) and if it passes using "ashing" declare on spec and arbitrate dispute 
over acceptance of "ashing" as industry standard; (2) if cargo rejected 
(either because First Gas refuses to accept "ashing" or because off spec even 
with "ashing") resale cargo and force First Gas to locate alternative 
supplies; dispute First Gas invoice for cost of cover.   Mike mentioned a 
possible dispute over storage which could also arise with the next delivery This could bring us into a dispute with First Gas even if the cargo is on 
spec.
Our plan is to get back to you in any event next week when you return with a 
status report.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Cheers.  And congratulations on the Sooners' win.
Rick 
While in Tokyo, Sanjay grabbed Jeff and me regarding redoing and re-looking 
at the existing LNG fuel deals for Dabhol.  The bottom line is that he 
believes that the government may have issues on actually performing post 
phase 2 and if we could redo the LNG contracts and allow more flexibility we 
could help them, thus help ourselves.  We need to look into this and I would 
like your initial opinion.  This is complex to say the least and it would 
involve using the ship differently than scheduled and diverting some of the 
Oman LNG to other markets with their approval.  He believes that there is 
some flexibility in the shipping and Oman contracts to address these issues If it works we could create a long physical condition and an extra ship for 
transport.  Is there an opportunity here if all the cards fall into place?
Lets discuss when I am in Dubai.  Sanjay is not going to let it go so you 
need to think about who can look into this further.
Mike
please co-ordinate  and make sure that Lea has your email address for 
distribution.
thanks,
m
Please let Nina know which of these days is best for your schedules ASAP and
we will get back to you with the final decision.
Lea,
Gensler will be ready for a meeting with the Art Committee the week of Nov.
6.  Bill is out of town on the 6th, but can do the afternoon (2 pm) of
either the 7th or 8th.  What's your availability and do you want me to poll
the rest of the group or will you?  Just let me know what I need to do.
Thanks and have a great evening!.
Nina
"Lea Fastow"
Any word on our meeting?
Lea,
We haven't forgotten you.  Bill has a meeting with Gensler tomorrow to
discuss this.
Nina
"Lea Fastow"
Bill,
Any luck in scheduling a meeting with Gensler for the Art Committee to
review their interior drawings?
Lea
Cindy,
I have a friend that is a principal in a company called Nexstar.  The 
company  is on a roll and offers an interesting product.  I have attached his 
email and basic presentation but I thought it was interesting enough to bring 
it up to you.  Also he is a friend and I don't want to ignore him.  Do we do 
anything like this with our employees?
I would really appreciate some feedback on this.  Unless you think it is a 
total waist of time, I would appreciate you and some other appropriate 
members of your HR team to attend 1 intro. meeting to listen to their pitch I would of course attend as well if you like.  They have an impressive 
customer list already.
Let me know what you think and I'll help co-ordinate the meeting.
Thanks,
Mike
Mike,
It was good to talk to you this weekend and hope you had a great
stay in Dallas. As we discussed, I am attaching a brief introduction to
Nexstar Financial and a copy of our latest press release. Nexstar is a
financial services company that is currently offering mortgage lending
products. We began the company in May 1999 and have spent the last 18 months
building a state of the art high tech (web) high touch (telephone) customer
communication/service center located in St. Louis Missouri.. We specialize
in working with Fortune 500 companies to provide superior mortgage products
to their relocating employees as well as to their  general employee
population.
Our management team of industry leaders launched Nexstar after
holding senior positions with some of the most prominent mortgage companies
in the business today. Our Chairman, Marvin Moskowitz was Chairman of the
parent company of Prudential Home Mortgage while it grew to industry
prominence in  providing mortgage products to corporate America.  Rick
Thornberry, our CEO and President, most recently held the COO and President
positions at Citi Mortgage.  I serve as Managing Director of Business
Development at Nexstar and served as Managing Director of Sales at Citi
Mortgage responsible for the Corporate Relocation and Employee Program.
Previous to Citi I served in several executive positions with Prudential
Home Mortgage.  Helen Garrity is Managing Director of Sales and Marketing.
She joined Nexstar from her position as SVP of Norwest Mortgage, where she
led the corporate and affinity mortgage programs.  Our experienced and
visionary management team has been joined by some of the brightest
individuals in the mortgage industry.  Since May 1999, our collective team
has succeeded in designing and implementing the most advanced mortgage
program available to corporations and co-brand partners today, resulting in
an easier mortgage process with reduced customer expenses and savings to the
corporation.
I'd love to have the opportunity to meet with the appropriate people
at Enron to demonstrate the benefits Nexstar offers for Enron's relocating
and general employee population.
Please give me a call at your earliest convenience to discuss
Nexstar and how we could bring value to Enron. Thank you.
- Enron intro.ppt
- AGE press release.doc
Vance, I've been attempting to call you .  Your voicemail is full and my 
return voicemail keeps getting rejected.  I suggest you clear out some room I would be happy to change my schedule and meet either at 12 or 12:30.  I 
don't really want an hour with him but will do what you need.
mike 
Another one.  Any ideas?  Coal in Asia?
m
Steve Jernigan@_DEVELOPMENT
10/18/2000 03:19 PM
Mike -
Attached is my resume for your consideration.  I would very much enjoy 
exploring any sort of commercial opportunities within your group.  Please 
call me with any questions.  Look forward to speaking with you.
Thanks,
Steve
Jim,
I just wanted to thank you for participating in the walk. It means a lot to 
me.  Thanks for your support.  See you out there.
Mike
FYI
m
I saw this and thought my Sooner friends would enjoy --- if you haven't seen
already.
bob
- agony.JPG
- dumbass.JPG
- failure.JPG
- losers.JPG
- mistakes.JPG
Guys, what do you think?  Any ideas or interest?
m
Shawn Cumberland@_DEVELOPMENT
10/27/2000 10:41 AM
Mike:
One of the things I wanted to discuss in our meeting was your advice on one 
of the CALME personnel for deployment, Antonio Jenkins Lara.
He is a very solid candidate that I'm confident can add great value in Enron.
Antonio has been a strong performer for us in his short stay with us.  He 
joined us around the middle of the year, so we did not have much data when we 
conducted our mid-year review.
He is an entrepreneur with strengths in logistics and systems.  He has both 
technical and commercial backgrounds.
During this year, he used is background in logistics and management to 
identify $1.8MM in recurring annual savings for Ventane, one of Enron's 
businesses in Venezuela.
I had initially placed him with Dan Reck because of Antonio's background in 
logistics.  However, it appears that Dan is more interested in bringing on 
people with a background in trading, which is not Antonio's strength.
I encourage you to closely examine his resume and I appreciate any good ideas.
I'm also looking forward to getting together with you soon.
Many thanks.  Shawn
CP,
Please send on and co-ordinate a 30 minute meeting with Jeff McMahon and Ray 
Bowen for discussion.  They might be able to use him as well.
Thanks,
m
NGerstandt@columbiaenergygroup.com on 10/27/2000 07:21:01 AM
Mike,
Per our conversation yesterday, attached is a brief work history.  If anyone
has any questions or wants more information, tell them to feel free to call me
next week.  I can most easily be reached during the day at 713-267-4192 or on
my cell phone at 713-817-7624.  Looking forward to seeing you on the 6th.
Neal
- WorkHistory.doc
Gene, thanks for the follow up.  I am definitely interested in talking with 
him.  Please set up and co-ordinate with Cathy Phillips @ 36898.  Also need 
him to talk with Jeff Shankman.
Thanks,
Mike
Hi Mike:
I talked to you briefly earlier today immediately after the "Enron at a 
Glance" session.  We discussed the subjects of Enron looking at the purchase 
of GATX Terminals Corporation and the hiring of an individual from GATX 
Terminals.
As I mentioned earlier, I know an individual who has worked for GATX 
approximately 20 years in several capacities who is interested in joining the 
Enron team.  His name is Steve Denney and he resides in Chicago, IL.  He 
travels each week to Houston for his current job as President of GAXT 
Products Services (GPS).  Capacities within the GATX organization that Steve 
has held include:
President of GATX Products Services (GPS)
Executive Vice President Domestic Sales and Marking for GATX Terminals
Southern Region Business Unit Manager (Texas, Louisiana, and Florida) for 
GATX Terminals
General Manager of Calnev Pipe Line Company (a subsidiary of GATX Terminals)
I have worked with Steve in different capacities since 1991, and think he 
would be a GREAT asset to the Enron organization.  I would like to introduce 
the two of you to see if there is a fit for Steve within our company.  You 
expressed interest earlier today when we talked.  If you are still 
interested, could you please advise me on what steps to take from here?
I appreciate your time in considering Steve as an employee and look forward 
to pursuing him as an Enron team member.
Thank you,
Gene
x5-3515
What about David Turlip?  Also are there some other general announcements and 
or clarifications that you want to address?  eg  mid marketing, other new 
efforts or goals for the upcoming year.
m
John L Nowlan
10/30/2000 02:33 PM
In order to focus more clearly on the key markets which we have identified 
for origination opportunities the following reorganisation will take place 
effective November 1,2000. 
Mike Brown currently reporting to me and  responsible for Asian as well as 
North and South American origination will continue to report to me and will 
focus on South American ,Carribean and Mexican origination.
Doug Leach currently reporting to Mike Brown, and focusing on fuel supply 
will continue to focus his efforts on current fuel supply arrangements and 
work at developing new fuel supply contracts. Doug will report to me in this 
role.
Victor Santos currently reporting to Mike Brown working on Asian origination 
will continue his focus on Asian origination and in this role will report to 
John Chismar.
Dana,
Hello from Tokyo.  I sent you a reply and forwarded your resume to our HR 
group.  I don't know if you got my reply the day I received your resume.  I 
have had a lot of people tell me that they didn't get a response from me 
about the same time as you contacted me.  My sent mail doesn't list you as a 
completed return email 
I hope all is well.
Mike
CP,
Howdy from Tokyo.  Please add this to my calendar and send a fax with all of 
my new commitments and parties to chris via home fax.
thanks,
m
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Mark your calendar!  The Corporate Holiday Party is on Saturday, December 9th 
at the Museum of Natural Science.  Your formal invitation will be 
hand-delivered within the next two weeks!
Happy Halloween guys!
I am sorry I am not there, I really wanted to see a beautiful butterfly and a 
Harry Potter.
Please make sure that you have Mommy take a lot of pictures!
I love you,
Daddy (the King)
FYI, he looks interesting.
m
Anuj is a great guy who worked for me then left (as they all do!) to work for 
a dot com.  The business has folded and now he's looking to get back into 
Enron in a structuring role.  He's a real smart guy with an MBA from Harvard 
and a petroleum engineering background.  He worked for the Global Investments 
group of EI before coming over to broadband.  I think he would be a dynamite 
structuring guy, or could help out in the upstream side of the petroleum 
business.  Do any of you have a need?  Rich
anuj_gupta_1@hotmail.com
05/15/01 10:12 AM
Rich,
My resume is attached.
Within North America or EES, I am interested in either:
a) Structuring, or
b) Risk Mgmt (Gas or Power desk)
Thanx & rgds,
Anuj
Re-send me your c.v.  I will forward it to my contacts in North America and
EES.
Good luck.  Rich
- Anuj Gupta-resume.doc
jim, i don't really have an opinion but i certainly won't get in your way on 
the approval.
mike
Maryfran,
I would like to thank you for your very nice nomination.  As flattered as I 
am, I believe that our current Chief Technology Officer, Philippe Bibi, is 
more appropriate as a nominee from Enron.  I am very proud of our 
accomplishments when I was responsible as CEO for Enron's Global Technology 
group but my tenor was only about a year.  In August I was asked to take on 
another assignment as CEO of Enron Global Markets.  Although this was an even 
more challenging position I will say that it was a tough decision to leave 
the technology world.
Philippe Bibi has driven our technology group for many years and deserves a 
great deal of the credit for Enron's recognized technology advantage and 
innovation.  He has been in the tech business for about 17 years.
Sincerely, 
Mike S. McConnell
Premier100@Computerworld.com on 10/20/2000 09:13:50 AM
Congratulations! You've been nominated for Computerworld's Premier 100 IT
Leaders for 2001. Our annual list honors the 100 most accomplished IT leaders
for their achievements in technology, innovation and management. Winners will 
be
notified by year's end and then publicly announced in a special issue on March
26, 2001.
Please fill out the Premier 100 questionnaire (click on the link below), which
covers your background, management style, IT organization and IT projects, as
well as your thoughts on leadership and innovation. We will use the 
information
in these questionnaires in our final judging process as we choose the Premier
100 IT Leaders for 2001.
**Please note that you may save a partially completed questionnaire and return
to it later using the Save function at the bottom of the page. Once you hit
Save, add the page to your bookmarks for easy reference.
If you have any questions, please send an e-mail to 
premier100@computerworld.com
or call Ellen Fanning at (508) 820-8204 or Allison Wright at (508) 620-7776.
Thank you so much for your time.
Sincerely,
Maryfran Johnson
Editor in Chief
(508) 820-8179
Good idea.
m
Angela, by the way I was not CEO of ENW I was Vice Chairman and COO.  Whalley 
was and is CEO.
Please correct if possible.
m
Jeff D Davis
10/24/2000 10:39 AM
Attached is the agenda for Enron at a Glance scheduled for Thursday, October 
26, 2000.  Enron at a Glance will be held at the downtown Hyatt Regency 
Imperial Ballroom.  We recomend arriving ten minutes before your scheduled 
interview.  If you should have any questions, please call Jeff Davis (58908 or Angela Sprock (36335.)  Once again, thanks for the help and 
participation 
JD
Jeff, what do you think of this guy's background?  Do you know him?
m
Jerry Mundy@
10/24/2000 01:53 PM
Mike,
Thanks for the quick follow-up. My background is in the sales, marketing, 
strategic planning and M&A areas in the industrial sector. Do not know if 
there is a fit, but I had hoped to explore possibilities with you.
Jerry Mundy  ext:68387  
Rick, I am scheduled to be out on vacation but I think you should have the 
meeting if it still fits peoples schedules.  I am doubtful but will look at 
later.
m
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
10/25/2000 03:45 AM
Mike/Jeff 
Each year at about this time I hold an LNG Offsite meeting to review the 
progress of the year and to set direction for the next year.  This year's 
offsite has been scheduled for 20/21 November at the woodlands.  We picked 
these dates and reserved (and paid for) the Woodlands earlier this year 
because almost all members of the worldwide LNG team will be in the US at 
this time for either the San Antonio conference or Gastech.
Given the recent reorganization and changes in Enron's international 
direction, I feel that this meeting is more vital than usual.
I assume that some members of the group will want to take vacation later in 
the week because of Thanksgiving---therefore, I plan to compress the offsite 
into a one-day meeting on 20 November and leave 21 Nov for ad-hoc team 
meetings and/or golf for those who want to stay another day.
This would be a perfect opportunity to educate the entire team on "mark to 
market" mechanics, the LNG "book", enron online and any other similar topics 
that may be appropriate.  To that end, we are working on the following agenda:
Overview of EGM/Enron Corp direction:  Mick Mcconnell/Jeff Shankman
LNG organization and strategic objectives:  Rick Bergsieker/Eric Gonzales
LNG risk book:     Presented by Merritt Thomas/Brad Hitch??
Enron Online demonstration and applications to LNG:    Presented by Brad Hitch
Mark to Market fundamentals and applications to LNG:    Presented by Brent 
Price
2000 review/objectives for 2001:
Eastern Hemisphere:  Clay Harris
Atlantic Basin:  Doug Arnell/Emilio Vicens
Shipping, terminalling and Fuel Management:   Wayne Perry
Legal:  Dan Rogers
Several questions:
Mike/Jeff:  would either or both of you be available to participate,at least 
for an hour or so to get us started?
Eric:  can you be there at least for Monday?
Jeff:  have I picked the right people for risk book and online presentations?
Brent:  can you be there to conduct a seminar on Mark-to-Market (including 
key contractual provisions required)?
FYI, Wayne Perry and his assistant Cindy Long are coordinating arrangements 
for this offsite.
Rick
Wayne Perry
10/25/2000 01:08 AM
This is the proposed invite list to the LNG offsite that has been scheduled 
for the Woodlands on Monday, Nov. 20. Please send me the names of any 
additions you suggest. I would like to get out a note to people on this ASAP.
We plan an all day meeting on Monday and Golf, etc for those that want to do 
so on Tuesday. That way those that need to travel or work are only tied down 
one day. I would also appreciate any agenda ideas you may want to include. 
Thanks
Wayne
Wayne -
I heard back from Emilio and he said to go ahead and leave Margaret's name 
(she might be gone by the time of the offsite) but he would advise of her 
replacement.  He does not have a replacement as this time.
cl
Wayne -  Below is the revised list, please note I am waiting on information 
regarding Margaret Rhee and/or replacement.
I didn't call rick.  did you?  What do you think?
m
A friend of mine, formerly with Bankers Trust, called to see if we are 
interested in hearing a story about a floating LNG facility. He is with 
Merlin Production, a small producer, that thinks there is a large market for 
accessing stranded gas in offshore fields.  If you have an interest let me 
know and I'll arrange a meeting. I owe this guy nothing other that a call 
back so if you have no interest say so. Rick
Jay, thanks for the donation and commitment.  the check should be made out to 
JDF.  We'll do all the matching.
Hope all is well.
mike
Jay Fitzgerald
10/24/2000 10:44 AM
Mike-
I received your letter about the JDF just last week, although it was dated 
September 29th.  I would be proud to donate to this cause.  I have commited 
$200 to others for this already, so I will commit $300 to you.  I appreciate 
all of your help with my various fundraising activities, and am happy to help 
with yours.
All the best,
Jay
Cool.  Thanks for sharing that with me.
m
FYI Peggy Mahoney
10/24/2000 06:33 PM
FYI:  Great Enron accolades from Starwood's Chairman/CEO Barry Sternlicht
in letter below.
We are working to spread the news of our partnership to all Starwood employees
and will provide a link to Sternlicht's letter in this weeks buzz.
Peggy
Enron Energy Services
Thanks again for your participation in the Manhattan JDF Walk on Sept. 24.  I 
have received very positive feedback from Starwood on our efforts to send a 
team from Enron to the walk in New York.  Please read the following message 
sent from Chairman/CEO Barry Sternlicht.
Thank you,
Chris
Chris, please in turn e-mail this communication to all ENRON Houston
associates....Thank You!!
Katherine A. Conits
Manager of Public Affairs
STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC.
777 Westchester Avenue
White Plains, NY 10604
T: 914-640-8198
F: 914-640-8134
e-mail: katherine.conits@starwoodhotels.com
Mike,
This is Chris Love with ETS Technology Infrastructure.  I was asked to check 
the link mentioned below because Gayle said that it was not working on her 
computer but that you replied to her telling her that it was functioning The link is on   ... I have tried this 
link in 3 different browsers on 4 different computers and it is not working Maybe the link is there but it's got high traffic, but we've tried it several 
times over the last hour and it is not responding, the message that we're 
getting is that "A connection could not be established with the server Please respond.
-Chris Love; Gayle Henley
Sent by: Cathy Phillips@ECT
Thank you for the message.  We just tested this link and it is working fine 
on this end.  Can you please give your IT help desk a call and see if they 
can check this out for you on your system.  In addition, we will report this 
problem to our IT support group.
Thanks again.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
FYI -
The links from this here and the entranet website are not working 
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Sunday, November 5th, is the big day.  Although we have less than two weeks 
left, we still have several exciting fundraising activities taking place All walkers should continue getting pledges and watch for further 
instructions on turning in the walk forms.  Everyone has done an incredible 
job this year.  Great news, we are getting very close to reaching our goal, 
but if we want to continue to be the number one walk team in Houston, we need 
to continue with our fundraising efforts.  Please plan to join us for the 
following activities this week:
Silent/Cyber Auction - The JDF Silent Cyber Auction will open for bids on 
Wednesday, October 25th, at 8:00 a.m. and will close on Thursday, October 
26th, at 4:00 p.m.  You may access the Cyber Auction to place your bids at 
8:00 a.m. on Wednesday, October 25th, by launching the website at 
or go to the Enron home page on the 
Intranet and click on the JDF Cyber Auction.  For more information, contact 
Sophie Patel at ext. 35055 or Eddie Sera at ext. 30480 
Bake Sale and Raffles - Just in time for the Holidays!  On Friday, October 
27th, we will have several groups selling delicious baked goods on the second 
floor level of the Enron Building outside the Energizer.  In addition, we 
will have representatives from some of our walk teams available for the 
purchase of raffle tickets at the same location.
For all that are not signed up, please join us in the walk.  You still have 
time.  It will take 2 minutes to fill out a walk form, you get a great 
Enron/JDF T-shirt for collecting or donating $25 or more, and will join 
hundreds of Enron employees and approximately 10,000 Houstonians for the walk 
on Sunday, November 5th, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I promise this will 
be a blast.  The Enron tent will be great again this year!  We will begin 
with a continental breakfast prior to the walk and when everyone returns from 
the walk we will have music, balloons for the children and wonderful Frankie 
Mandola's hamburgers, hot dogs and fries.  Parking at the Sam Houston Race 
Park is free.  You will be part of something very worthwhile and it will make 
you feel great.  This is a world class event.
Please contact any of the following Steering Committee members to make a 
donation, sign up as a walker, or ask any questions you may have.  Come join 
the fun.
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom  X66091
Deb Gebhardt  X39606
John Godbold  X30623
Cathy Phillips  X36898
Debbie Yates  X35305
Thank you very much for your support and generosity.
please review file and format for nomal layout vs landscape thanks, m
Bob,
Thank you very much for supporting our effort.
mike
Robert Laughman  Dear Mike:
I apologize for my tardy response to the JDF Fund-raiser.  The letter went
to my old office at EnergyEcomm.com.  Unfortunately, that office has closed,
and it took a bit of time for the mail service to forward the letter.
Anyway, as they say, "The check is in the mail."
Best of luck in raising funds for such a worthy cause.
,
Bob Laughman
Managing Director
Korn/Ferry International
713.374.1363 (direct)
713.651.0848 (fax)
Gary,
1.  Correct
2.  Global tech drove and directed the PRC (performance review committee) for 
all of it's employees.  Enron ranks all of it's employees 2 times a year The employees are examined and given feedback on their performance.  It is a 
very lengthy process but it is very fair and insures and identifies excellent 
performance.  The criteria for the rankings comes from a person's 
accomplishments, characteristics and customer feedback from numerous 
sources.  It is all on computer and when we discuss a persons performance and 
ranking, that feedback (primarily from the business unit) is a key driver Plus, there are business unit reps on the PRC.
3.  I guess the way i would describe it would be that on every major 
expenditure and project, the commercial people involved helped drive the 
process as well as our group looking at it the same way.  An example would be 
that traditionally any IT group or technologist is in love this the latest 
and greatest technology.  and could look at embedding a new system in the 
company because it is the latest technology and is very cool.   I would ask 
what commercial function does it perform and how does it give us a 
competitive advantage.  It was a very customer driven (internal and external 
customers) process.  It was also a mind set and paradigm shift internally 
within the group because they started looking at themselves adding to the 
bottom line rather than simply a cost center.
I hope that helps.
Sincerely, 
Mike
Hi Mike, three more questions. I hope I'm not wearing out my welcome.
1. Is Philippe Bibi spelled correctly?
2. You said, "When it came to the review process itself, Global Technology
ranked all the employees and peers but the business unit had the greatest
influence on where the person actually ranked and was rated." I may not have
gotten this down correctly, but I don't quite understand it. Are you saying 
that
IT basically just lists the people but the business units actually rate them?
3. When you refer to taking a "commercial" view of technology, what do you 
mean
exactly and how is that new?
Thanks again.
,
Gary Anthes
Gary H. Anthes, Editor at Large
Computerworld  (www.computerworld.com)
1331 Pensylvania Ave. NW;  Suite 505
Washington, D.C. 20004
gary_anthes@computerworld.com    ganthes@mba1974hbs.edu
202-347-0134 (voice)   202-347-2365 (fax)
Cool!  Thanks for sharing that with me.  See you at the walk.
mike
Thank you for the message.  We just tested this link and it is working fine 
on this end.  Can you please give your IT help desk a call and see if they 
can check this out for you on your system.  In addition, we will report this 
problem to our IT support group.
Thanks again.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
FYI -
The links from this here and the entranet website are not working 
Sent by: Enron Announcements
Sunday, November 5th, is the big day.  Although we have less than two weeks 
left, we still have several exciting fundraising activities taking place All walkers should continue getting pledges and watch for further 
instructions on turning in the walk forms.  Everyone has done an incredible 
job this year.  Great news, we are getting very close to reaching our goal, 
but if we want to continue to be the number one walk team in Houston, we need 
to continue with our fundraising efforts.  Please plan to join us for the 
following activities this week:
Silent/Cyber Auction - The JDF Silent Cyber Auction will open for bids on 
Wednesday, October 25th, at 8:00 a.m. and will close on Thursday, October 
26th, at 4:00 p.m.  You may access the Cyber Auction to place your bids at 
8:00 a.m. on Wednesday, October 25th, by launching the website at 
or go to the Enron home page on the 
Intranet and click on the JDF Cyber Auction.  For more information, contact 
Sophie Patel at ext. 35055 or Eddie Sera at ext. 30480 
Bake Sale and Raffles - Just in time for the Holidays!  On Friday, October 
27th, we will have several groups selling delicious baked goods on the second 
floor level of the Enron Building outside the Energizer.  In addition, we 
will have representatives from some of our walk teams available for the 
purchase of raffle tickets at the same location.
For all that are not signed up, please join us in the walk.  You still have 
time.  It will take 2 minutes to fill out a walk form, you get a great 
Enron/JDF T-shirt for collecting or donating $25 or more, and will join 
hundreds of Enron employees and approximately 10,000 Houstonians for the walk 
on Sunday, November 5th, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I promise this will 
be a blast.  The Enron tent will be great again this year!  We will begin 
with a continental breakfast prior to the walk and when everyone returns from 
the walk we will have music, balloons for the children and wonderful Frankie 
Mandola's hamburgers, hot dogs and fries.  Parking at the Sam Houston Race 
Park is free.  You will be part of something very worthwhile and it will make 
you feel great.  This is a world class event.
Please contact any of the following Steering Committee members to make a 
donation, sign up as a walker, or ask any questions you may have.  Come join 
the fun.
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom  X66091
Deb Gebhardt  X39606
John Godbold  X30623
Cathy Phillips  X36898
Debbie Yates  X35305
Thank you very much for your support and generosity.
Jeff, 
Sorry for the slow response 
I don't have a strong opinion either way.  I am fine with the combo idea.
In the future, please let me know if something has a short fuse.  I am still 
slower on email but I do respond very quickly to voicemail.  I am almost 
caught up on back log emails but this will probably never by my first and 
best way to communcate.
Thanks,
Mike
Jeff,
Let me know what you think of this guy.  Wade Cline and Tim Det. are both 
high on him.  Jeff Donahue is not so sure but will meet with him on Friday During my lunch with Jeff, we discussed that we need a Corp. Dev guy 
dedicated to us full time but if he reported to him, that would be great.  I 
think we could use that co-ordination with his group as long as we didn't get 
a part time guy in the process.  He could also report to us obviously (like 
Larry) but i think in this case a dual role makes a  lot of sense.  What do 
you think?
If you like Don, he could be an immediate candidate to start doing our Corp 
Dev work, but that is of course not the best reason.  I thought he was all 
right and he did have a good understanding of our products and is an 
innovative thinker.  He has also worked as a trader and although it doesn't 
seem possible by his personality, having some background is a plus 
Mike
Jeff,
I like the memo and I'll keep my ears open for feedback.  Your presence is 
needed more than I thought.  My gut told me that they really needed your help 
but its more than that.  Taking contol of that P&L is the highest return of 
your time and talent for EGM and for Enron, atleast for this quarter.  They 
will learn or they will be out.
mike
John,
We're getting old.
mike
John Moore@
10/23/2000 08:53 AM
Mike,
This weekend, Cole, my thirteen year old, and I attended the birthday party 
for Dorothy's five year old daughter, Caitland. What ever happended to the 
saying " the more things change, the more they remain the same"?  Things have 
definitely not stayed the same.
Anyway, Dorothy asked about you and I encouraged her to call you, and I think 
she will.
JMoore
Guys,
Attached below is a presentation that I put together for M Frevert for the 
latest analyst presentation.  We kept it to only a few businesses -  they 
didn't end up using any of it.  I do however want to have an EGM presentation 
that everyone can use.  Please prepare a section on each of your businesses 
and return via email or hard copy.  Don't worry about power point, simply the 
dot points that you want on the page.
Thanks,
mike
Jason Rios@
10/09/2000 03:36 PM
Bob, I don't want to wait for Mike, please set up the meeting without him He can join us by phone if needed.
Thanks,
m
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
10/20/2000 11:41 AM
Mike, Mike Brown is on vacation next week and I understand you are in Asia 
the following week.  I have eye surgery the first week of November.  Is the 
second week of November early enough for your briefing or should we try to 
set something up by telephone?
Wow! thanks,
m
Kevin Kuykendall
10/17/2000 02:07 PM
Gentlemen,
I thought that all good Sooners would enjoy this.  If you know of others that 
I've left out, please forward it on.
Thanks,
KK
John Petersen  Let's hear it  for OU.
?
- Texas.jpg
I thought you would enjoy this.
PS bring the magic dollar to lunch!
m
Kevin Kuykendall
10/17/2000 02:07 PM
Gentlemen,
I thought that all good Sooners would enjoy this.  If you know of others that 
I've left out, please forward it on.
Thanks,
KK
John Petersen  Let's hear it  for OU.
?
- Texas.jpg
Cool!
m
John L Nowlan
10/19/2000 11:44 AM
Scott Moncrieff
10/19/2000 11:04 AM
c.c. Chris 
Hey John  
just to let you know we went on line today for the first time with tanker 
freight futures
(last week had some teething problems, as eol didnt know about world scale)
anyway we traded 320,000 mts freight in the first day 
so encouraging signs 
(p.s. fyg i think coal have done about 350,000 mts in the last 6 weeks 
Dana,
Thanks for the call and email.  I will look at your resume and get back to 
you .
Mike
Greg, I need to talk with you about your EBS/fiber project.  Please give me a 
call in the morning.  I'll be in first thing in the morning.  I don't have 
your telephone number.  You are listed on a Houston number.
Mike
Gary,
I turned 40 in March.
Thanks,
MIke
Sorry to bother you again. What is your age?
,
Gary Anthes
Gary H. Anthes, Editor at Large
Computerworld  (www.computerworld.com)
1331 Pensylvania Ave. NW;  Suite 505
Washington, D.C. 20004
gary_anthes@computerworld.com    ganthes@mba1974hbs.edu
202-347-0134 (voice)   202-347-2365 (fax)
As discussed.
m
Just to give you an example of the requests that came up one day last week 
within Enron directed to me.
1) The Panama office (EGE-MINSA) called with budget help and need forward 
Panama Parity prices for Bunker C and MDO for the next 15 months. There is no 
forward Panama Parity market, but we have been able to produce a forward 
curve by updating the historical PP prices. This process helps the Panama 
City office be able to deal with the local regulators and get dispatched 
more. 
2) Ecoelectrica in Puerto Rico called and needed historical NYMEX NX3 natural 
gas prices back to 1993 due to a dispute with their power purchaser because 
their contract is poorly written. Knowledge of these numbers will help them 
make a better case with their customer. 
3) The Buenos Aires office called and needed help with their EOL rollout and 
hedge prices tied to NYMEX crude for a crude producer in Argentina.
4) The Guatemala office (PQPC) called with a sulfur issue on the latest cargo 
delivery. This lead to numerous discussions with the independent inspectors 
and fuel supplier. The issue is of particular importance at PQPC because of 
the recent financing of the project and the scrutiny regarding the emissions 
at the plant. 
5) Mariella Mahan's group called looking for help on physical and financial 
resid into Nicaragua regarding their bid/negotiation with ENEL on the 
privatization of some power plants in Nicaragua. The plants currently buy 
from Esso and we hope to improve their fuel prices by up to a $1/barrel. That 
would create an annual savings of over $1.5MM per year. This involved a 
lengthy conference call, existing contract review and several forward curves.
6) The weather group was looking for historical propane prices for a new 
product to be offered to Conoco.
7) The San Paulo office called looking for a twenty year forward curve for 
crude and three grades of resid to help them with an LDC project them 
operate. 
8) The Metgas office in India called looking for a one year naphtha hedge 
tied to crude. 
9) ENA called to talk about using jet fuel instead of low sulfur diesel in a 
proposed peaker in Florida. I went through a cost/benefit analysis with them 
and they went back to using the LS diesel curve for the project. 
10) Rob Bradley called looking for help with the Enron Washington, DC office 
who was fighting off a challenge from the NYMEX who wants EOL regulated like 
an exchange. We were able to provide Chris Long numerical data that helped 
Enron's case and ultimately Enron got the initial ruling they were looking 
for. 
All of the above were in addition to our normal daily duties (battles) with 
the five EI power plants and their fuel deliveries, along with the new 
business ventures we are involved in. If you want specific big money savings 
for other Enron entities or projects I would refer you to the previous memos 
I have sent you regarding India, Guatemala and Panama which exceeded $20MM. 
Hopefully, the daily requests that we service for other Enron groups leads to 
better projects with better actual returns and less overall problems. 
If you need additional information I would be glad to provide it.
Virginia,
Thanks for the email.  Go ahead and send it unframed.  I don't  remember what 
the frame looked like so it will probably be easier to send without.  For my 
later reference, how much do you charge for framing?
Mike 
Dear Mike:
I wanted to let you know the status of your artwork, "The Blue Note."  We
should receive the artwork in-house latest Friday.  By the middle of this week
I should know the exact edition number for you.  I will keep you updated.  Do
you want us to frame the artwork here or ship it to you unframed?
Warmest 
Virginia Repasky
Christopher-Clark Fine Art
Doug,
Last week, you referenced that there are a lot of deals that come up during 
the day for various regions and companies around Enron that your group 
doesn't get any monetary recognition for but that they need to be done or are 
provided as a service to save money. By the way, saving money is real money 
to Enron.   Would you please provide me with some examples of that so I can 
put it in context?
Thanks,
Mike
Jim, I think it does.  I am usually unable to attend so I would really like 
you to stick with this as our rep.  Also we will talk about the best uses of 
your time after this weeks budget meetings.  I'll give you a call.
Thanks,
Mike
James C Lewis@_DEVELOPMENT
10/12/2000 04:22 PM
Mike, I have been the CALME rep on this task force. Given that CALME no 
longer exists and that you are already there to represent EGM, do you think 
that it makes sense for me to continue to attend these monthly meetings?
Jim
please put on my calendar.
m
The EGM Final PRC Meetings have been scheduled for June 25th, 26th and 27th 
(it has not been determined which of these are trading, other commercial and 
commercial support).  Please mark your calendars for these dates and assure 
that any of your direct reports who should attend have the dates as well All employees (including A&A's) with the exception of Administrative staff 
should be pre-rated before attending the final meetings.
If you are interested in having HR facilitate a pre-PRC meeting for your 
business, please contact the EGM HR Associate, Khymberly Booth at ext. 36019 
for scheduling.
Thanks,
Shanna
Thanks,
mike
Michael L Brown@
10/13/2000 09:14 AM
Jeff, Mike,
During our Wednesday meeting you asked what were the three items of 
primary focus for each key person in the Global Products Origination Marketing group.   Below are the five key persons in our group and a listing 
of their respective areas of focus.  Please contact me at 35113 if you have 
any other questions 
Victor Santos
EOL Singapore
Petchems Asia-Pacific
Derivatives Marketing
David Terlip
Financial institutions
Mexico new initiatives
Ongoing projects (Fu Bao, Barbour's Cut)
Doug Leach
Existing fuel management & fuel supply obligations
New third-party term fuel supply deals
Larry Gagliardi
Marketing EOL in Houston
OTC for non-EOL products
Arbitrage opportunities from other e-commerce platforms
Michael Brown
Asia Pacific & USWC opportunities
Brazil
Ongoing projects(Peerless, Rio Polimeros)
Ok
m
Hi Mike,
I'm going to use this from you in my story:
"The IT personnel reported into Global Technology, but we did that for
communication and consistency purposes rather than simply control. They 
attended
business unit staff meetings, and the business units gave constant feedback.
When it came to the review process itself, Global Technology ranked all the
employees and peers but the business unit had the greatest influence on where
the person actually ranked and was rated."
If it's OK with you, I'd like to put it in the present tense as I understand
this is still the case today. I think it might be confusing to readers in the
past tense, as if it no longer applies. Would that be OK with you? Thanks 
much.
,
Gary Anthes
Mike McConnell asked me to contact you to set up a 30 minute appointment with 
him and Jeff Shankman for next week.. Please let me know if you will be 
available at 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 10/17, or 3:30 p.m. or 4:00 p.m. on 
Thursday, 10/19.
If none of these times will work for you, I will be happy to work with you on 
some other times.
Thanks.
Cathy P.
X-36898
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/11/2000 01:47 PM
Sent by: Monica Matias@
I've forward separate e-mails to each of you initiating both my interest to 
introduce myself for consideration to working within your respective groups, 
but also including some commercial ideas relative to the South American 
region and elsewhere 
I would ask at your convenience for confirmation of your interest, or not, 
and availability for meetings during the week of Oct 16th-20 in Houston 
I am available, in the meantime, to respond to any information you need, 
including clarifying any of my experience at or prior to Enron.
Thank you in advance for any effort extended in my behalf.
Hi Eric -
I am Mike's assistant and I believe you discussed this meeting with my clerk 
when I was out of the office on Monday.  I am preparing Mike's calendar for 
tomorrow and I would like to make sure that I have all the correct 
information for him regarding the El Paso meeting.  Can you please provide 
the exact details for the El Paso meeting?  In particular, will you be 
meeting Mike at his office or does he need to meet you somewhere else?  At 
what time does he need to meet you?
Any specific information that you can provide will be greatly appreciated Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
713-853-6898
Eric Gonzales
10/09/2000 11:36 AM
I have set 10:30 as the meeting time.  Please place on Mike's calendar  The 
meeting should go for 1.5 hours or so 
Thanks
Eric Gonzales
Eric-  Yes, it is the old Tenneco Building.  Kathy could meet from 10:30 on
including a working lunch or in the pm.  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Linda
for Kathy
Kathy's room number is 2538.  You will need to check-in with security on the
2nd phone and they will call for Kathy.
Hi Dennis -
Mike McConnell plans to attend the luncheon and he would like to sit at the 
Enron table.   Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips for
Mike McConnell
X-36898
Dennis Vegas@_DEVELOPMENT
10/11/2000 05:25 PM
From November 14-17, Houston will host Gastech 2000, one of the world's 
largest international natural gas, LNG, and LPG conferences.  The conference 
will take place at the George R. Brown Convention Center and is expected to 
attract 3,000 delegates from around the world.
Enron has played a leading role in this conference for many years, and this 
year we will participate as a sponsor and prominent exhibitor.  Several Enron 
executives are speaking or moderating panels at the conference, including 
David Haug, Bill Gathmann, Doug Arnell and Dr Lay 
On Wednesday, November 15, Ken Lay will serve as a keynote speaker at an 
Enron Sponsored luncheon at 12:30 P.M. and we would like to invite you to sit 
at the Enron table.  The dining room is located at the George R. Brown 
Convention Center, Ballroom Level Three.
Please RSVP via e-mail or call me at 5-6442, or Hal Means at 5-5384 if you 
have any questions.  Once we have the guest list finalized, we will provide 
you with details on the location of the entrance to the dining room, a pass, 
transportation/parking and other pertinent details.
Please put on Jeff's and my calendar for 30 minutes.
m
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/11/2000 01:47 PM
Sent by: Monica Matias@
I've forward separate e-mails to each of you initiating both my interest to 
introduce myself for consideration to working within your respective groups, 
but also including some commercial ideas relative to the South American 
region and elsewhere 
I would ask at your convenience for confirmation of your interest, or not, 
and availability for meetings during the week of Oct 16th-20 in Houston 
I am available, in the meantime, to respond to any information you need, 
including clarifying any of my experience at or prior to Enron.
Thank you in advance for any effort extended in my behalf.
Gary, this is the guy we talked about.  He is worth atleast a look.  Ex 
Cargill. Please meet with him.
m
D'Arcy Carroll@
10/11/2000 01:47 PM
Sent by: Monica Matias@
I've forward separate e-mails to each of you initiating both my interest to 
introduce myself for consideration to working within your respective groups, 
but also including some commercial ideas relative to the South American 
region and elsewhere 
I would ask at your convenience for confirmation of your interest, or not, 
and availability for meetings during the week of Oct 16th-20 in Houston 
I am available, in the meantime, to respond to any information you need, 
including clarifying any of my experience at or prior to Enron.
Thank you in advance for any effort extended in my behalf.
Joe, we are both there.  I am also going to Dubai and Jeff will go to 
Australia.  I'll be in the night before and out the morning after.  Hope all 
is well.  Cathy is co-ordinating everything.
Looking forward to it.
m
Joseph P Hirl@
10/11/2000 09:02 PM
Mike/Jeff:
Any chance you will be able to attend the office opening on 31 Oct?
Joe
Erin, here are a couple of responses.  Please rewrite as you see fit Mike
1. Agriculture.    We are currently looking at and studying the industry.  We 
have traded some commodities as well.  We believe that there may be large 
opportunities to apply the Enron model to the agriculture industry.  We have 
spent quite a bit of time an effort and are currently developing our 
strategy.  This is very early in development but we have high expectations in 
this area.  I don't feel comfortable going into more detail at this time Gary Hickerson is responsible Enron's ag business.
2.  Rail.  We are looking at numerous opportunities in the rail and 
transportation businesses.  I haven't seen a lot on the electricity piece of 
rail.  It is an interesting concept and one that we will look at.   Dan Reck 
is now responsible for looking at transportation opportunities in the US.
10/10/2000 09:08 AM
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
Erin Rice@
10/10/2000 09:08 AM
10/10/2000 09:08 AM
Mike, have you had a chance to look at the questions below?  I'd like to post 
the responses while the meeting is still fresh in everyone's mind.
Thanks.
- er
Erin Rice
10/03/2000 02:11 PM
Mike:
The following questions were asked but not addressed in today's all-employee 
meeting (no, they'renot about your wardrobe this time).  Would you please 
respond?  I will route to Ken, Jeff and Joe for approval, then post the 
questions and answers in eMeet.
Thanks for your help.
- Erin (Internal Communications)
What is our strategy/plan in agricultural commodities trading?
Energy opportunity:  Have you thought about supplying electricity to 
railtrack for its EC4T (Electric Current for Traction), i.e. all its traction 
power (overhead power lines and 3rd rail system).  The full idea has been 
submitted to eMeet.
Dan, Thanks for your donation.  I appreciate your support m 
Joe,
In the next couple of weeks.
thanks,
m
PS - Amazed at my quick response?
Can you believe my email!
m
Ron,
Hello.  I am back in the country -  I've been out for 2 weeks since I picked 
up the car.  I am very happy with the car and your contact treated me very 
well.  The transaction went smoothly and they worked with me to get the car 
before I went off to Asia.
I wanted to thank you again for all your help and efforts.   I have had many 
comments already and there is not doubt that this will lead to a new wave of 
Enron purchases of Mercedes.
I am a Mercedes believer.
Sincerely,
Mike McConnell
Virginia,
Thanks for the email.  I apologize for the slow response.  Life is crazy and 
I have been back on the road again.
I am interested in purchasing "Blue Note" and I understand that the price is 
$4,500 framed as before.  I am chasing down another piece, as i think i have 
stated before, but have not closed yet on it.  It is significantly less but I 
have not closed the deal.  I would like to own the piece.  Do you think there 
is any room on the price from your seller?  I will commit to you but I can't 
leave a couple of thousand dollars on the table because of my impatience That being said, i do want it and this one is found and ready to go.  I will 
commit today to purchase the picture in this condition for $3,500.  you can 
tell the seller that I will commit with American Express immediately at that 
price.  I don't know if that works for you or the seller.
Please let me know what you think.  I am in this week.
Thanks and don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  I am 
ready to make a decision.
Mike
Dear Mike:
How is Tokyo?  Events look serious in the Middle East right now.  Where are
you heading to next?
The weather here has been lovely.  When do you think you and your wife will
next be in San Francisco?
Please let me know how you would like to proceed on the Lichtenstein artwork
'Blue Note.'  We have located the work on your behalf but cannot proceed until
we have a serious commitment from you.
Most sincerely,
Virginia Repasky
Christopher-Clark Fine Art
Try John Paveto at 57038 or George Wasaff at 67351
m
Daniel Reck
10/05/2000 06:24 PM
Mike:
Who has the details on the i2 package you bought?  Is it off the shelf, or is 
it development capacity we can call on 
--Dan
Good point on extra space.  Please call Wes Colwell and discuss.  I think 
that makes 33 less of an option.
m
Mike,
I am totally open to wherever you think would be best.  If possible, it would 
also be good if there were a few extra
spots for some people in the group to be together.  I am not sure yet how 
many people will be needed but I would like
to optimally have a small swat team to focus on each business 
Thanks very much for the kind words.  I look forward to focusing
on the new businesses quickly and figuring out ways to add value.  I am very 
excited to be working with you again.  Talk to you soon.
-Larry-
Cool, nice job.
m
Your schedules are very full so I went ahead and spoke to Mark F. about the 
drift budget for 2001 and my thoughts of keeping drift as a consolidated 
number (including Europe).  He agreed it would be easier for me to manage it 
in a single unit  and will get together with you and Dave D. for agreement I suggested that he and all his managers get together with me if additional 
explanations are needed.
Hope this is satisfactory.
Gary
Also, Elsa and I meet with Greg on Monday at 10 am for ag review.
liz, I can't believe it - although he will never show!.   I would be happy to 
fill out a form when it comes out Hope all is well.
m
Liz M Taylor
10/05/2000 11:20 AM
Well, we finally got Greg Whalley enrolled in the "Executive Impact Influence" seminar.  Each of you have been listed for feedback in the 
"peer/other" category.  It is crucial to Greg's success in the program that 
all feedback be submitted 
I'll check back with you in a couple of weeks to make sure you are in receipt 
of the feedback forms.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Larry, here is the publication we discussed.  If you have an interest, let 
this guy know. 
Thanks and welcome aboard.  Wes Colwell is looking for an office.  Right now 
there are 2 oppts he is looking at; 1 up here on 33 which is a problem, and 1 
office on finance floor.  Do you have a preference, if we have an option?
m
"Dennis Gartman"  	10/06/2000 06:47 PM
?
?
?
Dennis Gartman
Editor/Publisher
The  Gartman Letter,?  L.C.
?____________________________________________________________________________
The  information contained in this electronic message is privileged confidential,? protected from disclosure, and is intended only for use by  
the recipient named above.?? Any further disclosure or use,  distribution, 
dissemination or copying of this message or any attachment is  strictly 
prohibited; such information is not warranted in any manner  whatsoever.? It 
is not necessarily complete and its accuracy is not  guaranteed by The 
Gartman Letter, L.C., its operating entity or the principals  therein.? If 
you have received this communication in error, please notify  us immediately 
by electronic mail or telephone.? Thank  you.
- 100600.PDF
George,
Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of a first draft of a 
presentation that i am creating on EGM.  This is for an upcoming analyst 
presentation and for our ongoing use.  Please review and make any comments 
you feel are needed.  Especially focus on coal which is on page 5.  Please 
take a quick look and return your initial comments quickly.  I need to get 
out a new and better draft ASAP.  Also, how do we illustrate your business 
graphically.  Please decide, fill in and I'll have our graphics guy make it 
look pretty.
Thanks,
mike
Jason Rios@
10/09/2000 03:36 PM
Rick,
Attached for your information and input is a copy of a presentation I am 
putting together for EGM.  I would appreciate your comments on the 
presentation but especially need your input on your section.  The LNG page is 
on page 6 and needs some work.  there is also a typo.  On the graph, we need 
to find a way to illustrate our business graphically, what do you think?
I would appreciate a quick turnaround of your initial changes.  After we 
complete this first draft, this will be a continuous work in progress.
Thanks,
Mike
Jason Rios@
10/09/2000 03:36 PM
Thanks. 
m
cool
m
Congrats!!!  I'll see if i can make a combination trip.
m
Sunil Vaze@_DEVELOPMENT
10/05/2000 07:52 AM
Mike
Hi. I hope everything is going well at your end.
I would like to announce some good news. I have decided to get married at the 
year end on Saturday, 2nd December to be precise. 
The lucky or should it be foolhardy ladies name is Jaya. 
I would like to extend an invite to you and your family, a formal invite will 
follow in the post. 
I hope you are able to attend even if it means combining it with a business 
trip to this region. (December climate wise is the best time of year and the 
Taj Mahal is very romantic place and being one of the seven wonders of the 
world worth a visit).
Good wishes to your family.
Sunil  
Thor,
A quick note.  I don't believe I ever followed up with you on your weather 
business plan.  I looked at it several times primarily in pieces while 
traveling overseas.  I read it again today and wanted to give you some 
feedback.  I thought it was excellent work and very well presented.  Thank 
you for all your effort. 
I am in town this week, I canceled being out of the office an additional 3 
days, and I will be spending time thinking about weather as well as some of 
our other businesses.  I'll give you a call toward the end of the week to 
discuss some of the ideas you presented. 
Mike
Gary,
There were two such events.  On the Scott McNelly side, I realized that we 
weren't too late to change our approach and take a commercial view on 
technology.  None of the other companies were thinking our new way at all 
plus when someone of the caliber and reputation of McNelly gives you a 
general approval and confirmation, as a new guy, that meant a lot.  It 
inspired me to keep going on a "nontraditional" path.  The other big  impact 
moment was listening and having a brief conversation with John Chambers of 
Cisco.  It was at the eCommerce Summit in Washington DC and he gave his, "its 
a matter of survival" speech.  That really hit me and our conversation was 
also similar about my new job and Enron's new approach.  He gave me a 
positive response and also gave me some advice that included an observation 
that the incumbent IT people may not have the abilities to help me lead Enron 
in the eCommerce world.  It was going to take a different kind of 
technologist.  That moment had the most impact on me of the two.   I saw John 
again and spoke with him at an Economist  conference in Laguna Nigel and told 
him of his original impact and I think he appreciated the story.  He also was 
very nice to give me some time to talk after that speech as well.
I hope that clarified things,  good luck with the piece.
Thanks,
mike 
Hi Mike, just one more:
You said, in describing the Sun breakfast, "I'll never forget this; this had a
huge impact on the way I ran that group for the next year." What did you mean 
by
that? Just how did it affect your approach?
Thanks again.
,
Gary Anthes
Gary H. Anthes, Editor at Large
Computerworld  (www.computerworld.com)
1331 Pensylvania Ave. NW;  Suite 505
Washington, D.C. 20004
gary_anthes@computerworld.com    ganthes@mba1974hbs.edu
202-347-0134 (voice)   202-347-2365 (fax)
I like that schedule.  the game was great!  The cold and rain couldn't effect 
my enjoyment.  long over due.  Reality comes back on Sat however.
m
Patrick Wade
10/09/2000 07:58 AM
September 3 @Texas 
September 10 TEXAS 
September 17 @Texas  
September 24 Bye 
October 1 TEXAS 
October 8 Texas @ Dallas
October  15 @Texas
October 22 TEXAS
October 29 @Texas
November 6  TEXAS
November 13 @Texas
November 20 TEXAS 
....possibly could add a twelfth game where we play in one of the "Kickoff  
CLassics" against....TEXAS 
Pretty awesome day on Sunday.  Boomer Sooner.
-Patrick
Thanks, it was great and long over due.  The cold and rain didn't stop the 
ultimate enjoyment including 35,000 people chanting "over rated".  It was 
great and we must enjoy it until the Sat. when reality comes back to the 
sooners and we lose the next 2 or 3 straight.  K State, Neb and Tex A&M Ouch, nice 4 game stretch.
m
Mike,
Boomer Sooners are #8 in the polls. Congrats. My UT wife is not very happy 
with Mack Brown right now. Hope you won alot of money and enjoy the braggin' 
rights.
Doug
i'm all for it.  Please move forward.  He is a great guy but don't forget he 
is happy in his current job and all of this must be carefully done for him 
and not to disrupt his current job.  Let me know how it is progressing Let's follow the book and proceed properly.
m
Elsa Piekielniak@
10/06/2000 02:11 PM
Mike -
I wanted to follow up with you regarding Billy Lemmons.  As you know, 
both myself and Gary have spoken to Billy about an opportunity in the Ag 
effort.  I think Billy could help us pursue the origination opportunities we 
discussed on Wednesday and help us develop many more.  In addition to the 
tremendous experience he would bring to our team, he seems genuinely 
interested and excited about the opportunity.
I know you and Billy have discussed the Ag effort and I wanted to know 
if you felt this would be the right move for Billy at this time.  Certainly, 
it is his decision but I believe he is looking to you for EGM's committment 
to Agriculture.
Please let me know if I can answer any questions you may have.
Thanks,  Elsa Piekielniak (37613)
Gary,
Thanks for the email.  Here is my attempt to type out a response.  I hope it 
helps.
1.  It was a matrix organization.  The IT personnel reported into the Global 
Tech. group but we did that for communication and consistency  purposes 
rather than simply control.  They attended business unit staff meetings and 
the BU had a great influence in the review process and gave constant 
feedback.  It was vitally important for the "customer" to be happy and that 
the IT person completed the projects from the BU.  When it came to the review 
process itself, GT ranked all the employees and peers but the business unit 
had the greatest influence on where the person actually ranked and was rated.
2.  When Enron Net Works was formed, nothing really changed on the day to day 
working of the IT world.  IT (Global Technology) was folded into the newly 
created 5th business unit at Enron.  Remember Global Technology had more that 
IT alone.  We had an eCommerce commercial group, a principal investments 
group and was developing eCommerce or Technology origination roles developing 
around the world.
Philippe Bibi is the CTO for Enron and Enron Net Works.  He is in the office 
of the chairman of ENW with Greg Whalley, CEO and Louise Kitchen, the newly 
appointed COO.  Both LK and GW are non IT people.  There are many VPs on the 
next level that are IT executives.
3.  In a nut shell, Scott grinned when I told him of my 2 weeks experience 
and title as CEO with Enron's goal of becoming the largest B2B player in the 
world.  He chuckled and said something like, "That sounds like Enron, it 
always looks at things differently.  He then stated that my CEO title and 
Enron's approach was very unusual but that it would be more common place 
soon,  as this was the way of the future and Enron was the first to recognize 
it and change its culture".
4.  When i used the word cannibalize, I meant that if we didn't change the 
business ourselves, than our competition would do this for us.  For example, 
we were the leading trader of natural gas in the US by far but we initiated 
EnronOnline and completely changed the way we traded natural gas and did it 
for free.  Thus we cannibalized our own successful business even when it was 
going great.  We are looking at all of our businesses for changes like that.
Gary, I hoped that helped.  Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have 
any other questions.
Mike
Hello Mike,
Thanks for sending me those presentation slides. They are good background. And
thanks so much for meeting with Julia and me this week. It was most 
interesting
and helpful. I'm confused on a couple of points, so would you mind answering a
few more questions?
1. You said that after Enron created the Global Technology group, you "seeded
people out into the business units, and the way we did that is we had those
people be totally accountable both to us and to the business unit head." So, 
at
that point it was a sort of matrix organization, with IT people dispersed
thoughout the business units but at the same time accountable to a central IT
organization for things such as standards, is that correct?
2. Then, this spring when Net Works was formed, did those 1,500 IT people
essentially leave the business units to join a more traditional IT 
organization?
Roughly how many non-IT people, and of what types, are part of Net Works? Two 
of
the three top managers in Net Works are non-IT (from trading), correct? Does 
any
given IT person now still live in a matrix world with responsibilities to IT 
and
to a business unit?
3. For some reason, my recorder messed up and I couldn't decipher what you 
said
about Scott McNealy's reaction to your background, etc. at the breakfast. 
Could
you repeat that?
4. You said: "We had to cannibalize our own businesses. So what I think you'll
see five years from now is that the IT world will look totally different What
did you mean by "cannibalize our own business 
Thanks again.
,
Gary Anthes
Gary H. Anthes, Editor at Large
Computerworld  (www.computerworld.com)
1331 Pensylvania Ave. NW;  Suite 505
Washington, D.C. 20004
gary_anthes@computerworld.com    ganthes@mba1974hbs.edu
202-347-0134 (voice)   202-347-2365 (fax)
Charlene,
Thanks for the email.  I have talked with Sally several times on this last=20
couple of days and I understand that OU has a different recruiting schedule=20
then other schools.  Enron is on campus for recruiting in the near future and=20
I have asked Sally to tag on some interviews for summer interns while on that=20
trip.  I believe that she has been able to schedule this so I believe that=20
from an OU perspective it may be a mute point now.  Doing that should be able=20
to maintain the momentum that we have developed at OU and all the work Lexi=20
has done.  By the way, the recruiting trip a couple of weeks ago was very=20
successful.
If you have any other questions or comments please let me know.
mike
Charlene Jackson@
10/05/2000 06:34 AM
Sally,
Thanks for the e-mail regarding summer interns.  I apologize that Lexi and=20
Shelly were unable to provide you with the answers you were seeking.  I wish=20
that you had contacted either Celeste or me to indicate that you were having=20
difficulty.  I have personally assured you on several occasions that I was=20
available to either speak with you or meet with you if for some reason any=20
member of my staff was not responsive.  That being said please allow me to=20
explain the recruiting strategy since I was instrumental in helping to set it.
You are absolutely correct.  It is great to do market research if time=20
permits or it is regarding an issue of which we have little knowledge.  As=20
you are aware, over the past year we have engaged a professional recruiting=20
firm (Brecker & Merryman) who has assisted us in a number of different market=20
research projects.  However, in my opinion, this issue is not one that=20
required much research.  I have been involved in recruiting in some way,=20
shape or form at both the graduate and undergraduate level for the past 10=20
years.  Most major organizations, with the exception of the Accounting firms,=20
begin the summer intern recruiting process in early spring.  There are=20
actually some universities that do not allow recruitment of summer interns=20
until after a certain date, particularly in the MBA programs.  For example,=20
Harvard does not allow an organization to come on campus and speak to first=20
year students until January.  As indicated, the firms that generally recruit=20
in the fall are the Accounting firms and they are primarily recruiting for=20
"spring" internships.
The recruiting strategy at Enron is no different this year than it was last=20
year with respect to summer interns.   Presentations were made in January &=20
February and offers were made in February and March.  The only school that=20
did not follow the normal process was OU under the direction of George Hope. =20
We did, of course, recruit summer interns in the fall for the tax group=20
because they are competing directly with the Accounting Firms.
Utilizing this strategy did not impair Enron=01,s ability to hire quality summer=20
interns.  This past summer Enron had 76 summer Analysts (undergraduate) and=20
40 summer Associates (graduate).  We intentionally limited the number of=20
summer hires to ensure that the individuals hired received meaningful=20
assignments.  Approximately 85% of these individuals received permanent=20
offers to join Enron.  =20
The reason Enron has not had a problem recruiting quality undergraduate=20
summer interns is primarily because many organizations do not hire=20
undergraduates for summer positions.  They generally focus on MBAs,=20
particularly the investment banks and consulting firms which are the firms=20
that Jeff Skilling identifies as Enron's competitors.  Because the=20
undergraduates are not actively recruited by our competition we have=20
continued to have a special focus on these individuals (i.e. the reason there=20
were 76 undergraduates and only 40 MBAs).
With respect to OU and UT specifically since those were the schools about=20
which you raised a concern, let me address your concerns.  In your e-mail you=20
indicated that you had research conducted at UT and OU.  You did not however,=20
provide the results of the research or the person to whom they had spoken=20
therefore I had Lexi Elliott contact both UT and OU.
While OU has not gotten back to her, following is the information obtained=20
from UT.
o The contact at UT Career Services is Cindy Henson. =20
o According to Cindy, approximately 5% of companies actively recruiting on=20
campus conduct interviews in the fall for "summer" internships.  Cindy=20
attributes  this to the fact that these companies cannot come in the spring,=20
or, in the case of Andersen Consulting, have a tremendous need and conduct=20
all interviews  at one time. =20
o In conclusion, Cindy estimated that 95% of companies actively recruiting on=20
campus recruit in the spring for summer internships.
We have not received information from OU therefore I am unable to provide the=20
statistics at this time.  I will provide as soon as I am in receipt of such=20
information. =20
It appears that the information your source obtained is considerably=20
different than what we were told.  If you would provide the name of the=20
individual to whom they spoke I will follow up to determine the reason for=20
the discrepancies.
While I understand your concern with respect to OU, they appear to be=20
different than most of the other schools at which we recruit.  If you believe=20
that it is critical to recruit summer interns at OU in the fall we are=20
supportive; however, because Lexi has other school interviews that are=20
already scheduled she will not be in a position to facilitate the interview=20
process during the trip you have scheduled currently.  As you are aware, in=20
most instances, the dates for presentations and interviews are dictated by=20
the respective universities and were secured in early August. If you would=20
like for her to try and secure an interview schedule for a later date this=20
fall she can certainly work with your schedule and her current schedule to=20
support your efforts.
I hope this has been helpful.  I can understand and appreciate your=20
frustration if you are not getting answers from the recruiter or her=20
manager.  Again, I offer that I am available and willing to work with you if=20
you are having difficulty with members of the Program staff. =20
Please let me know what you decide about recruiting this fall for summer=20
interns and whether I can be of any additional assistance.
Charlene
fine, sorry for the delay.
m
David Oxley
09/27/2000 10:37 AM
Gentlemen,
Below is a draft org announcement I would like to send out to the HR team 
today or towmorrow, essentially clarifying responsibilities following the 
formation of EGM and EIM. I do not intend to circulate outside HR other than 
to then 7 of you, Cindy O and the other HR leads. This essentially reflects 
what I hope you already know that your HR lead support is:
ENA - Me with Sheila Knudsen (I ultimately hope Cindy Skinner will move to 
take this lead sometime next year).
EGM - Cindy Skinner and Shanna Funkhouser (We believe Shanna will develop to 
lead this in the next 12 months)
EIM - Me and Fran Mayes (the plan would be for Fran to eventually take lead 
on this when she is ready).
Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
David
TO: ALL ENA HR
CC: Olson, Delainey, Lavorato, Frevert, McMahon, Bowen, McConnell, Shankman, 
R. Jones, M.Barnard, M.Joyce, D.Lynch, B.VanCleve
Western Hemisphere Wholesale Energy HR Group Organisation Change
When we launched our HR Franchise Team structure in February this year we did 
so with the commitment to continually refine and challenge ourselves to 
ensure we were optimising the resources we have available to help our 
businesses achieve and exceed their goals. In fact you will recall in 
communicating the changes in February, we actually highlighted what we 
anticipated would be a need to make further refinements and changes to 
maximise our effectiveness.
A great deal has happened in these last 6 months and I am delighted that the 
Franchise team concept has contributed so much towards our far greater 
partnership with our individual business groups and our own outlook, 
priorities and objectives. We truly have revolutionised how we provide HR 
services and advice. More importantly, the business has recognised us for the 
huge progress we have made to date. This success is an outstanding 
achievement and one that I hope you join me in being extremely proud of.
As is always the case at Enron, continuous change is the norm and so as to 
illustrate this point quite effectively the businesses previously part of ENA 
have over the last 2 months, essentially been split into three: Enron Global 
Markets, set up to focus on the Global Fuels markets which were previously 
part of Enron Europe and CALME,  Coal, Financial Tarding and 
Insurance/Weather which were all previously part of ENA. EGM is now led by 
Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman. Enron Industrial Markets, set up to focus 
on the Industrial markets and expand our activities across new Industrial 
sectors which will build on the success of the Paper, Pulp and Lumber 
business previously part of ENA and immediately develop a steel market. EIM 
These changes in the businesses we support clearly force us to re-examine the 
HR business model and adjust our strategy accordingly. Fortunately, our 
flexible organisation structure lends itself extremely well to realign along 
these new business lines and as such the changes illustrated below in the 
attached org chart are far easier for us to make than they might otherwise 
have been. In addition, given the immense value and positive client feedback 
we have received on our efforts to concentrate our HR resources on Franchise 
skill lines, this also provides us with an opportunity to reinforce and 
refine our efforts in developing market intelligence, employment 
propositions, compensation ideas and best practices, as well as the 
innovatively sourced talent pipelines in each of these areas to pro-actively 
provide our clients with a competitive advantage.
I believe the changes outlined on the attached org chart are self 
explanatory, however if you have any questions please feel free to raise them 
either with your team leads or me. Given that we have a staff meeting 
scheduled for Friday I would plan to walk through these changes with you and 
answer any questions at that time.
Finally, to reinforce our goals and prepare you all for the next 6 months, I 
would like to underline the overall commitment to continue to change and flex 
our resources to anticipate, meet and exceed our businesses needs. This will 
clearly mean further organisation changes as we move forward. This is not 
Change for change's sake, but change, and our ability to change quickly and 
as often as necessary, is essential for us to remain a competitive and 
effective HR resource for our clients.
FYI
John Sherriff
10/03/2000 12:38 AM
Steve - Can you please give Michael Brown, Mike McConnell and me an update on 
this.
John
Michel Decnop
02/10/2000 19:05
The situation of this file, which was on the last leg , is suddenly 
worsening.  (cargo payment exposure decreasing as follows :  19 million oct 
3rd  / 14.5 million oct 15th / 5 million oct 30th,  zeroing in november  as 
we have stopped deliveries to GM  - We continue only to supply KPC and Conti 
cargoes direct to the third parties Main cause is the fuel crisis in Europe, particularly in Spain,  where 
combination of prices kept low under government pressure, and blockade of 
terminals by strikers, have cut  the cash flow of GM,  putting into peril the 
above plan;  and this is worsened by the attitude of the owner, who seems to 
be unable to face the situation. He is now stopping his management effort to 
sell the company,  which was the only viable solution;  the company being 
unable financially to sustain the burden of carrying the strategic  
inventories, a direct consequence of the increase of the trading volume in 
the early 2000 As a reminder, we have 20 million USD of strategic inventories in the name 
(and paper control) of ECTRIC Spain. We need however to urgently get 3 more 
documents  to have paper  title/possession of these, with always the risk 
that a Spanish liquidator contest our position.
We could initiate the sale of these inventories, however as they are used by 
GM in their strategic inventory figure, we immediately make GM unable to 
continue their operations, as they will loose their operating licence and 
stop payments 
GM general manager was here today, he was asking if Enron could step in and 
save the company ;  however,  it doesnot seem to be possible without 
increasing our exposure, which we have no appetite for..
We are going to meet asap GM President to put all possible pressure on him to 
accept to sell the company to a third party (Tamoil/BP are  potential 
buyers), and sign the few documents missing, giving us full control of ECTRIC 
Spain. We will then monitor situation on a daily basis;  fear that we will be 
in a difficult corner if Spanish conflict is not ending, and if company 
cannot get sold.
Thanks
Michel
Howdy from Tokyo.  Brutal trip.  Thanks for your follow-up
m
Sally,
Thanks for the email and update.  I agree that we must do something quickly 
to resolve this.  I believe that you should interview for summer interns as 
an extension to your upcoming planned recruiting trip.  I know you were very 
happy with the summer interns from the energy management program at OU that 
you got last year ( I was surprised and the school was thrilled  that you 
offered all 5 permanent positions upon graduation).   We cant lose that 
momentum.  I am sure that each school's program is different and that most 
don't interview for summer interns this early in the year but from what I 
have learned about the OU schedule, we will lose all the top candidates if we 
wait.  I am sure that is not what Charlene and Celeste were trying to 
accomplish with their guidelines.
Please keep me up informed on this matter.
Thanks and good luck with the students.
mike
While recruiting on campus recently I became aware that a decision was made 
at the Program level to not interview this fall for 2001 summer interns.  In 
talking with students and faculty at The University of Texas and University 
of Oklahoma, it became clear that there is concern over the feasibility of an 
internship with Enron, as other top firms will be recruiting this fall for 
summer 2001 interns.  I have communicated my concerns to Lexi Elliott and her 
manager, Shelley Jones, and was told by both that the decision to delay 
interviews for summer interns was made at a Program level based on Enron's 
staffing.  When I asked about the competitive data available regarding the 
practice of other firms on summer intern interviews, I was even more 
concerned to discover that neither Lexi nor Shelley had that data.  It would 
seem critical to know what the competition is doing in terms of summer intern 
interview schedules in order to understand the risk that could be created for 
Enron by not interviewing this fall for these important feeder positions for 
our Analyst and Associates programs 
I have had conversations over the last two weeks with Lexi and Shelley, with 
no resolution.  When they could not provide the competitive data to either 
confirm or eliminate my concerns, I volunteered to have James Scribner, a  
Senior Director on my team, obtain this market information.  Lexi and Shelley 
either did not have the time to gather this data, or were not sure how to do 
so.  They were pleased to have some help in getting our hands on this 
critical information.  I now have information at hand with regard to firms 
that will be recruiting at UT and OU this fall for summer intern positions And based on this information, I believe that Enron is at risk for not hiring 
top students as interns for the summer of 2001 if we do not interview for 
these positions this fall 
While my research only touches on two of the schools at which Enron recruits, 
I want to raise concern over this as a potential problem at many, if not all 
campuses that we have targeted for recruiting.    As administrators of the 
program, you rely on the involvement of senior members of the company to 
carry the Enron message to campus.  I believe that we also have an obligation 
to make this a two-way messaging system.  I strongly believe that we must 
address this potential risk for Enron extremely quickly, as teams will be on 
campuses across the country to conduct interviews in a matter of days.  I 
suspect that many Enron participants in the recruiting process are unaware of 
the Program's decision regarding the timing of interviews for summer 
internships.  In working with Rick Causey and Mike McConnell, executive 
sponsors for UT and OU, respectively, they are as concerned as I about the 
decision on interviewing summer interns.  I have copied both of them on this 
note to the two of you. 
Please let me know how this can be resolved.  With the help of James Scribner 
and others, we have already compiled a list of students at UT and OU that 
should be targeted for summer internships.  I will offer as much of my time 
as is feasible to work with staff members of the Program to devise creative 
ways to turn this around 
Doug,
Sounds fun but I can't commit now.  Please do not wait on me, go ahead and 
fill up the foursome.
thanks,mike
Mike,
Can you join us on Wednesday morning, November 15 to play golf at Canyon 
Springs golf course in San Antonio prior to the Enron Management Conference? 
Canyon Springs will allow us to book a 10:00am tee time thirty days in 
advance. Once I have confirmed the tee time I will forward directions to the 
course. Should be a fun group. Might even need a practice round at Champions 
prior to the trip. 
Doug
Jeff, You're right. I missed it.  Go ahead and send yours back with the 
Singapore operations and current trading operations exclusion and mention 
that I agree with your assessment also even though i said fine earlier).
m
Singapore is mentioned.  What do you think.  Jeff
James M Bannantine@_DEVELOPMENT
09/26/2000 11:17 AM
I have not followed this closely  but question why we would give a noncompete 
for this much of Asia in exchange for what I gather is an increased 
expectation in the valuation of Newco in the future if we want to sell.  This 
was the one question I have asked about Dragon all along.  It is a big piece 
of the world to do everything as a minority with these two other partners 
going forward (or have them have a right of first refusal over whatever we 
do).  It is difficult to predict the future and this seems restricitive Maybe I don't understand it all.
Bruce Lundstrom
09/25/2000 03:54 PM
Sent by: Liz N Martinez
General Counsels -
At the direction of the Enron APACHI Office of the Chairman, I am sending 
this e-mail to you pursuant to the Enron Corp. Policy on Noncompetition.  I 
would appreciate if you would check with your CEO/COO regarding this e-mail 
and respond to me by Friday, September 29 if you have questions or concerns Enron APACHI may need to commit to the following provisions (that bind Enron 
affiliates) by Monday, October 2.
Given the consolidating power generation market in Asia Pacific, Enron Asia 
Pacific/Africa/China (Enron APACHI) is proposing to enter into a transaction 
with Marubeni and Sithe Asia to combine the respective power generation 
portfolios into a single company (Newco).  Newco would be charged with making 
the shareholders' investments as liquid as possible to allow for sale of the 
shareholders' respective stakes in Newco 
The shareholders believe that Newco must not be seen by the market as a 
"dumping ground" for existing power projects but rather as the vehicle 
through which the investors will continue to pursue power generation 
opportunities in Asia.  As a result, Enron APACHI proposes to include 
competition restrictions in the Marubeni/Enron Shareholder Agreement that 
would bind their respective affiliates 
The following is a summary of these competition provisions:
Enron affiliates (with the exceptions stated below) could only develop or own 
power projects in the Asia Pacific Region (as defined below) after first 
offering the opportunity to Newco.  If Newco declines the opportunity, Enron 
would be free to own the project itself or offer the project to third parties 
provided that the terms do not materially improve.  Development or ownership 
does not include the provision of construction, O&M, offtaker or risk 
management services.
There are a number of exceptions to this rule:  (a) small projects involving 
20 MW or less; (b) projects in which Enron owns less than a 1/3 interest; (c) 
projects initiated by our SK joint venture; (d) Korean projects using natural 
gas produced by Enron; (e) projects obtained in a corporate acquisition in 
which Asia generation is less than 20% of the value of the acquisition; and 
(f) situations in which any Enron company would be exposed to fiduciary 
liability to another shareholder in complying with the competition 
restriction.
"Affiliates" will be defined to exclude Enron affiliates which are 
publicly-owned (e.g., Azurix).
"Asia Pacific Region" will be defined to include Brunei, China (including 
Hong Kong and Macau), South Korea, North Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, Laos, 
Cambodia, Thailand, Myanmar, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, East 
Timor, Singapore, Papua New Guinea and the Pacific Islands (including Guam, 
Saipan, the Federated States of Micronesia, and Fiji, but excluding Hawaii It does not include Japan and Australia.
The competition clause would survive until the earlier of (a) Enron selling 
its interest in Newco or (b) December 31, 2003.
Thank you,
Bruce Lundstrom, General Counsel, Enron APACHI
Jay,
Attached for your review and commentary is a copy of the draft review I 
prepared for Steve.  I would appreciate your views and please make changes 
you feel are necessary and appropriate.  It is set up for Thursday morning at 
9 am.  I could use your help. 
What do you think?
mike
thanks, i like the letter.
m
Rick, Obviously we want to control access to the LNG terminal.  I don't 
really understand why it is so difficult if we go to 50%, its a negotiation 
item. Or at least a cheap retention option not to be given away for free After your follow-up meetings, please let me know if we need to get more 
involved.
m
Rick Bergsieker@_DEVELOPMENT
09/30/2000 12:07 PM
Mike/Jeff:  per your instructions, we have taken a look at Enrion India's 
plans regarding selldown of DPC/.Metgas to determine what impact this could 
have on our LNG business.  The second paragraph of Wade's note below sums up 
the current situation.  Bottom  line, if Metgas is sold down by Enron India 
from 100% to 50%, we would lose the right to control unilaterally decisions 
related to the use of the Dabhol LNG terminal.  I don't know how much someone 
may be willing to pay for Metgas, but I suspect that at this time it is a 
relatively small number when compared to the strategic value of controlling 
this terminal
We will discuss next week when we are in India.  Please advise if youhave any 
thoughts or suggestions
Rick
enron india
Rick, we can discuss this more at length in Mumbai this coming week. Metgas 
is the only company that has any access to DPC's terminal. As you know, DPC 
is owned today by Enron (65), MSEB (15), GE (10) and Bechtel (10). At year 
end, Enron's 65 will be split to Enron (50) and new investor (15). Any 
changes to the terminal or the TARA have to be approved by DPC, which is 
heavily influenced, but not controlled, by Enron.
The real asset that Enron has today is the TARA, and Enron has this through 
Metgas. Under the TARA, Metgas has right to have DPC regassify any gas that 
Metgas delivers to DPC. In addition, Metgas has rights to increase size of 
terminal at its cost. So whoever owns and controls Metgas is who has the real 
value here. Today, Metgas is 100% owned and controlled by Enron, so Enron has 
control. But in any sale of Metgas, Enron's control will be lessened. Under 
current plans to avoid debt consolidation, we will reduce Enron's equity 
position to 50% or less, which means we are at best sharing control with 
someone else, or maybe a group of someone else's. If Enron is uncomfortable 
with this because it views access to Metgas terminal as part of larger LNG 
role, we should discuss ASAP.
AG -- please allow time on Wednesday's agenda to discuss these issues with 
Rick and Clay.
Wade
Rick Bergsieker
09/30/2000 01:45 AM
Clay:  I suggest taht you meet with David Forbes asap.
Bill/Wade:  I would like to understand how DPC/Metgas selldown will impact 
Enron's ability to control acces to the DPC LNG terminal.  If an LNG 
competitor buys in (e.g., Total or British Gas or Shell) could they block our 
acces to the terminal?
Bill Gathmann
09/28/2000 01:15 PM
Clay,
As you know, we are selling portions of both Dabhol and Metgas.  For fuel 
supply, they can supply Nahptha to Dabhol and LNG to Metgas.  They will have 
BOD positions pro rata with their ownership.   Finally, in the case of 
Dabhol, there are significant minority shareholder protections given the way 
the the various voting procedures are designed.  I am not as familiar with 
the Metgas voting procedures, but there is certainly the opportunity to 
negotiated something there since it is still in development.  Also, there 
should be attractive commercial returns with each project.
I feel that these opportunities certainly meets their investment criteria If they are interested, we need to get them up to speed quickly.
Call me or let me know how you want to proceed on this.
Bill
enron india
Bill, please get back with Clay on this and let him know if you think there 
is a fit. It sounds like DPC meets their requirements, but as Bill is leading 
our selldown efforts, I'll let him respond.
Clay Harris
09/29/2000 02:50 AM
Based on the email below is IPIC worth pursuing??? Please advise.
Clay
David Forbes  Clay,
Thanks for the information on DPC. IPIC's current focus on India is to
identify investments with related crude, naphtha or gas supply needs which
could be filled by Adnoc or Adgas, with priority currently assigned to
Adnoc's naphtha. IPIC would also be looking for a commercial return, BOD
participation & strong minority shareholder protection. Does the DPC
opportunity fit this profile? If so IPIC could certainly look at it 
Dave Forbes
 >D. J. Forbes,