This is ok. Lets review them in the SF Enron office.
Richard,
Peter Meringolo, from Brobeck, has requested copies of email files and documents be made for review at the Brobeck offices.  My recommendation is that the review be made at the Enron offices and that only those files that pertain to the case be copied (or printed) to take to Brobeck's offices.  I'd like to minimize the amount of non-pertinent information that leaves our control.  Attached is the message I sent to Dave on this issue.  If you feel it is most appropriate to give them copies of everything, I understand, I just wanted to convey the risks and obtain your acceptance.
The office manager in San Francisco has had arrangements in place (for the last month) so that Brobeck could review the documents in the San Francisco office.  I understand from Peter that they are getting much closer to needing to complete the review, so if you can let me know what route you decide on that would be great.  THanks.  -gabriella
Director, Business Controls & Security
Dave,
Peter Meringolo, from Brobek, has sent me a request to create copies of Sue Mara's, Mike McDonald's and your email files and documents so that they can be reviewed at Brobeck's offices.  I recommend that the email files and documents be reviewed at your offices, and if necessary, only those messages and documents responsive to the subpoena be copied electronically for use at the Brobeck offices. (The issue with making electronic copies of material is that once it is out of our control we will no longer have any idea of how many copies were made, who had access to the material, or know how it was stored and protected.  Therefore, it is in our best interest to reduce the information copied electronically to only what is essential.)  If printing is adequate then I would recommend that Brobeck print the documents that are responsive to the subpoena. 
April has set up appropriate access to the system and files so that they can be reviewed in your office spaces.  I have spoken with Peter and promised that I would get your input (as well as Richard Sanders) on the issue.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.   .  -gabriella
P.S.  I have placed some comments in red next to each of Peter's points.
Gabriella,
Thank you for taking the time to discuss the copying of email and electronic
documents in the possession of certain employees in Enron's San Francisco
office.  As we discussed, this email sets forth our request and our reasons
this request.  I truly appreciate you discussing this issue with Richard
Sanders and Dave Parquet 
REQUEST:  We request that Enron copy onto CD's certain electronic documents
and emails in the possession of Dave Parquet, Sue Mara and Mike McDonald.
Thereafter, we will review these documents and produce only those documents
and emails that are responsive to subpoenas from the California Senate and
the California Attorney General.  The documents and emails we request to be
copied likely contain documents and emails not responsive to these two
outstanding subpoenas 
REASONS FOR REQUEST:  You raise valid concerns with our proposal insofar as
we ask for copies of documents and emails that are not responsive to the
subpoenas.  We believe our proposal is the best approach for following
reasons:
(1) We can accurately keep control of what we have reviewed, what we
have deemed responsive, and what we have deemed privileged.  (Folders can be set up for filing and tracking these documents. -gc)
(2) We can re-review materials in the likely event of further
subpoenas or documents requests.  (All documents and emails are to be retained so that they will be available for future reviews. -gc)
(3) We can review the materials in the least disruptive manner
possible -- on our own computers and in our offices. (Operating from your office may be an inconvenience, but it minimizes the risk of losing control of sensitive documents that have no bearing on the case. -gc)
(4) We can review at the pace dictated by the litigation, which is
unpredictable (to say the least).  (As long as access to your office spaces and the system is made available this should not be an issue. -gc)
Concerns about security and confidentiality are common in all litigation and
document review.  We always take these concerns seriously.  We will restrict
access to these documents to only those persons involved with reviewing and
organizing the documents.  We will work with you to ensure that these
documents will remain in strict confidence.
Again, I truly appreciate your taking the time to discuss these matters with
me as well as with Dave and Richard.  If there is any further information
you need, please do not hesitate to ask 
Very truly yours, 
Peter Meringolo 
One Mary Jane Smith. As the memo says, these are rumours.
Where did you hear that Coselli, Bland, and Christopher were running for the
ct. of app.?
Please review the attached to see if I have missed any judicial races.
Thanks.
Richard
Is this call still being held?
THE FOLLOWING CALL HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED FROM A DAILY CALL TO THREE DAYS PER WEEK, MONDAY, WEDNESDAY & FRIDAY, AT 5:30 PM (EDT),
4:30 PM (CDT) AND 2:30 PM (PDT).  The dial-in number will remain the same:  1-888-296-1938, Host Code:  524906, Participant Code:  955164.
Please contact Bernadette at (202) 466-9147 if you have questions.
Thanx
At the request of Jim Steffes, we are canceling the above referenced call today @ 4:30 p.m. (CDT).  We will re-start with tomorrow's meeting and discuss filings, etc. at that time.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact either Jim Steffes or myself at (713) 853-6082.  Also, please notify me if I have missed anyone.
Thank you!
Probably not If it is for NSM we might have it in McConville's old files. If it is Qualitech then I don't have it.
do you have this document please?
Lou,
I think Richard Sanders would have the other O&M agreement.  Do you want me to get with him or do you want to ask him for it?
Tammy
sounds good to me too...let me know how i can help.....did anyone ever find the O& M Ageement that sdi did on the other plant 
Sounds good.  Let me know if I can assist.
I think we can put together a list of major topics that need clarification/discussion w/SDI, so those attending the meeting can deliver the message, if appropriate.  I suggest we (TD) take a shot at the first draft and circulate it later today.  Any other suggestions are welcome.
JC
do we need to meet before you go to sdi?
Thanks Lou. 
After the meetings on 8/16-17, we should have a much clearer path to follow regarding SDI and Trico. 
I am anticipating that very soon after 8/16-17, we will be working closely in conjunction with SDI to develop a joint proposal.  Part of the discussion on 8/16-17 will be exclusivity, responsibilities, and resource allocation. All of these assumptions, of course, are dependent upon a positive response from SDI, and to date, there has been nothing to indicate that we wouldn't receive a positive response.
glad to sit down any time and brainstorm a couple of alternatives given the factors and be able to put something in front of sdi on an expedited basis....just let me know if and how i can help
Lou
Trico update: 
I spoke with CSFB and told them that we are not at this time prepared to accelerate our bid process in keeping with their request earlier today to complete our due diligence this week and mark up the contract.
They will still provide us the opportunity to visit the data room and will also still forward us a copy of the contract.  But they will proceed with the other party on the accelerated timeline as a stalking horse bidder 
The big unknown is will we be able to develop a structure with SDI that works and is quick  enough to participate in the final round of bids.
Enrique and/or Javier, 
please forward copy of Trico bid to Lou. 
Lou, latest information from Jeff McMahon via Tim B is that we will not agree to the accellerated pace as offered by CSFB. We will be meeting with SDI on the 16th and 17th to discuss a joint approach to the assets and most likely to prepare for our response during the 20 day pre-auction date.
We will keep you informed as events further develop.  ANy advice/information from Bracewell regarding the bidding process and whether CSFB's proposed accelerated timeline can even be met?
Thanks, 
Tim 
could someone pls forward me a copy of the signed prelim bid...thanks 
Lou 
Hello Lou, 
Would you forward to me and ammy the timeline of the Trico assets through to completion of sale of assets. I need to recieve this as soon as possible for a meeting with Jeff McMahon and SDI.
If you need to compare notes with me, I will be happy to contribute. 
Thank you, 
Tim 
Did this get any press? If so,send me any articles you may have.
FYI.
Senator Ray Haynes (R) held a press conference this morning to discuss a
report his office produced regarding municipal utility energy charges.
Twelve reporters attended the press conference.  According to Senator
Haynes, none of municipal utilities provided him with documentation or
assistance with his report.  Senator Haynes delivered the report to Senator
Dunn and has requested that he open an investigation into municipal utility
practices.  He also expressed continued disappointment over the Senate's
unwillingness to adopt his legislative amendment which would establish a
windfall profit's tax for municipal utilities.
Senator Haynes referenced Enron several times by comparing Enron's rates to
those rates charged by LADWP and SMUD.
In developing the report, Senator Haynes' office did not analyze peak versus
off peak energy prices, what percentage of power was being sold by municipal
utilities, or, what the cost for producing or procuring power was for the
municipal utilities.  These items were raised by a reporter.  After the
press conference, reporters met privately with SMUD and other municipal
utilities who defended their actions and refuted Senator Haynes' claims.
I was able to obtain one copy of the report and will FedEx it to Karen in
Houston.
Richard, this is a heads up, in the event you deem it appropriate to make a claim on this in the PG&E Bankruptcy proceeding.  The amount communicated to us by CAISO is $33,838,246.08 that we are owed under the underscheduling penalty.  Please call if you need additional info.  Ray
Hey, this is what we've been looking for! Steve, let me knwo when you get the nfo from the ISO
IMPORTANT NOTICE
UNDERSCHEDULING PENALTY AND
PG&E BANKRUPTCY PROOF OF CLAIMS
As you are aware, the claims bar date in the PG&E bankruptcy is September
5th.  Consistent with our practice of providing information held by the ISO
to Market Participants that concerns the amounts that may be owed to them in
part by PG&E, the ISO is today sending to each Scheduling Coordinator an
accounting of the amounts it owes or is owed in the event the
underscheduling penalty is not modified by FERC.  FERC adopted the
underscheduling penalty in a December 15, 2000 Order.  Because there are
several rehearing petitions pending regarding the underscheduling penalty,
to date the ISO has calculated but has not invoiced amounts owed or owing
pursuant to the underscheduling penalty.  It is our expectation that
Scheduling Coordinators will share with individual entities for whom they
schedule, information that is relevant to them.
As we have advised in prior Market Notices, although the ISO settles
transactions on behalf of Market Participants, the ISO is neither authorized
nor in a position unilaterally to assert claims on behalf of Market
Participants in any bankruptcy proceeding, i.e. assert claims of "ISO
Debtors" against "ISO Creditors" (ISO Tariff Section 11.20.1).  Further,
while the ISO may be asked by an "ISO Debtor" to assert such claims in the
PX or PG&E bankruptcy cases, the ISO is not obliged to do so and will
decline any such request.  The ISO expressly disavows any liability for any
Market Participant's claims, whether or not the Market Participant files any
such proofs of claim in the PX or PG&E bankruptcy proceedings.
Further, as we have advised in prior Market Notices, all statements,
including the information sent today regarding the underscheduling penalty,
are subject to change.  A number of transactions are currently known to be
the subject of disputes and market reruns.  There are also proceedings
pending at FERC, Federal Courts, and State Courts, the outcomes of which may
affect amounts owed by PG&E to each Market Participant or by the Market
Participant to PG&E. In addition, we anticipate that further disputes and
proceedings may arise and market reruns may be performed that will affect
the calculation of such amounts.  The ISO will continue to work diligently
to resolve these matters as quickly as possible.  Nonetheless, it is clear
that significant issues may remain unresolved and/or unidentified by the
claims bar date.
Market Participants should consult their own legal COUNSEL as to their
respective rights  and proofs of claims in the bankruptcy cases of the PX
and PG&E.
Client Relations Communications
CRCommunications@caiso.com  
Whatever happened to this?
We are considering this as a response to an allegation that Enron should consider itself responsible for Visual Bridge liabilities.
Attached is an initial draft of a proposed response to the letter to Gene from Global Production.  It goes without saying that we need to make sure that the facts stated our consistent with our records.  It may very well say more than we want to say as well.  Nevertheless, with the view that it is easier to take out than add, I have restated some points.  In addition, since I think we may be sending something like this out to more than one VBI creditor, it may be worth setting up a format that we can re-use.  Anyway, please review and lets talk about the content and the timing of a response.
Robert H. George
In our litigation meeting last Tuesday, we learned that netting of spot purchases and sales is of paramount importance in limiting our exposure to refunds, under the FERC's July 26 Order, in both the California and Pacific Northwest proceedings.  However, in the California proceeding we are also afforded the opportunity in the Order to offset our receivables against any refund that would otherwise have to be paid by us.  Also, to the extent that our receivables exceed the refund amount, the Order provides for payment of interest to us in accordance with CFR Section 35.19a 
At present, I am aware of the existence of three receivables.  As you will recall, I mentioned at Tuesday's meeting that we should be able to treat as a receivable for purposes of offset, the revenues due us from the application of the CAISO underscheduling penalty.  I communicated the possibility of offsetting this receivable against any potential refund at this mornings Western Wholesale conference call, and subsequent research conducted by Alan Comnes indicates that the CAISO owes us $30MM, as per the CAISO's own numbers.
The CAISO also owes us approximately $40MM due to nonpayment for one to two months of business.  These two figures alone, totalling approximately $70MM, exceed the estimate of our potential exposure in the California proceeding.
Finally, the negative CTC issue is another receivable due us by IOU's that, under the plain language of the Order, could potentially be used to offset any refund amount.  I am not aware of the magnitude of this receivable but do understand that there are some sensitivities regarding this issue, including concerns about revealing the amount of the credit due us.  It is likely that the amount would become public if it is presented in the California proceeding.
Please give us your thoughts as to the use of the CTC receivable to offset potential refunds in the California proceeding.
thanks
Dunne told Bev that he (the committee?) intends to take up the contempt vote against us as soon as possible in September.  Apparently, he thinks they will prevail in Superior Court He also said that, even though there's been alot of paper submitted by the generators, it's his sense that many are not in compliance and that more tussles are likely Finally, he said that he suspects that generators will sue the committee when the committee starts the deposition process in September.
Best,
Jeff
Only if you say I have to.
DecisionQuest has asked to make a one-hour presentation to us.  Any interest?
Here is the CAISO's documentation showing that EPMI is entitled to $33.8 million in underscheduling penalty revenues for the period of Jan-Apr '01.
Here you go.
Let me know if anyone has any questions on this information.
This is what will be sent out in the mail.  It is not as detailed as what I sent Chris previously.  This shows a payment to Enron Keoni Almeida 
California Independent System Operator 
phone: 916/608-7053
pager:  916/814-7352 
alpha page:  9169812000.1151268@pagenet.net
e-mail 
I am the soccer coach for Daniel and the asst coach for Ben. Our weekends are booked up until early Nov. Can we schedule a workweek for the? Sorry.
1)  We would like to use the Perd on Oct 5- 8th. 
2)  We need to organize a family clean up weekend at the Perd.  This has not  
been done in over two years...and the Perd really really needs it.  Does  
anyone have any suggestions on when to do this and how....and what age  
children come or without children.  But the cooler months are coming...and we  
should try to do it before the holidays. 
3)  Mom is turning 70 this December.  What in the world sould we do to top  
Dad's 60 surprise birthday party for her.  Any ideas of a present.....or a  
plan.  We should talk about this now if we need to plan something. 
4)  There is someone in my neighborhood selling a cargo bunkbed with good  
mattresses for $300.  Should we buy this for the Perd.  It also has a pull  
out trundle bed.  Great condition and great price. 
Please get back with me.  Happy delayed birthday greeting to Yvonnne....and  
Susan early birthday greetings to you.
Sorry I have been less than diligent in getting back to you, although I tried to call today. As David Burns may have told you, I was active at first(when I thought my role as comm. member was limted) I have not been active lately because almost all the lawyers involved in this case seem to only motivated to prolong the case.There is alot of money being spent on nothing. Now I see this Budget. Unbelievable. I am available tomorrow aft. please have your asst. call Twanda Sweet 853-9402 to set it up. Have you talked to anyone else?
I would like to try and schedule a convenient time to discuss with you the
role/scope of the PX Participants Committee.  Reliant has been concerned
for some time about the continued life line of the PX and this committee
and the additional layer of expenses that are being incurred (see BDO's
recent analysis of the PX budget for example).  It seems to me that the
sole role of the PX and the committee (other than with respect to
litigation that has already commenced such as the commandeering litigation)
aught to be limited to (i) record/data retention and (ii) finalizing
accounting issues so that each participant has a certification of how much
it is owed by each defaulting IOU.  The PX seems to have lost its "pass
through" nature, which is critical to each participant being able to asset
its claims directly.   I am particularly concerned that the committee,
through its professionals is beginning to have a life of its own.
It would be useful to have this discussion prior to the committee meeting
tomorrow afternoon.  Are you available after 10 a.m. central time tomorrow
to discuss?
Sheryl Gussett
Senior Counsel
Reliant Resources, Inc.
713-207-8538
713-207-0159 (fax)
sheryl_gussett@reliantenergy.com
I assume that you have handled this. If not, let me know what I (we) need to do.
Can you send them 2 months' rent and tell them the person from Enron who needs to sign the lease is out of the country? Or if you want , I will bring a check up to Sacramento on Wed to pay them. Let me know today as I am flying to SFO late today.
>> "Meringolo, Peter"  Mike,
I assume that you are in charge of the finalizing of the repository lease,
and that you will be in touch with the folks at the building regarding
status.  I am not sure how long we can go without sending them a check.
Let me know if you need my help.
Peter
If possible, don't sign a lease until I get back. If you need a immediate
answer, let me know.
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Meringolo+2C+20Peter+22+20+3CPMeringolo+40brobeck+2Eco
m+3E+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Friday, August 24, 2001 7:46 PM
Mike,
I understand that you will be signing the lease for the repository.
Attached please find (1) the lease, (2) attachment A to the lease, and
(3)
an outstanding invoice.
Please note, I spoke with Tracy Wilson today at the Capitol Mall
Executive
Center.  She is expecting early next week the signed lease as well as
the
rent payment reflected in the invoice.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Peter Meringolo
may  
- leaseinvoice.pdf      - leaseagtexha.pdf      - leaseagt.pdf  
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
I am pathetically and pathologically late in getting back to you.Sorry. Enron is very opposed to this. Can we talk at your convenience today.
You received a memo last week from Kaye, Scholer recommending that a demand for arbitration be made immediately with respect to Edison.  As I explained, part of it would be a preemptive strike on the assumption that Edison is preparing an action against the participants.  At this stage, the recommendation is only to commence the arbitration, not to file a suit seeking prejudgment remedy of attachment.  I anticipate that the issue will come up for a vote during this Thursday's committee meeting.  What is your position?  Bob
"  thanks, we have it covered
Richard - I saw you were copied on this and assume you and bankruptcy counsel are coordinating comments.  Please let me know if you need anything from us -
Harry
Attached is a copy of the Offer of Settlement that will be proposed by the
Official Committee of Participant Creditors in the chapter 11 case for the
California Power Exchange Corporation.
As FERC's July 25 Order requires Judge Birchman to make recommendations
regarding the amounts owed by each IOU to each Seller and to apply the
methodologies required to make these determinations, the Offer of Settlement
will have to be presented to Judge Birchman as part of the ongoing
proceedings, at the appropriate time.  In addition, the Offer of Settlement
will be presented to the bankruptcy court in CalPX's  chapter 11 case at or
about the same time it is presented to FERC.
We are forwarding the attached copy of the Offer of Settlement to you with
the understanding that it will not be distributed to any person or entity
other than the attorneys listed above and the appropriate business contacts
at their respective clients.  Our discussions regarding the Offer of
Settlement will be much more effective if we can prevent the Offer from
becoming generally available to the public, including to those who might
oppose the Offer, before it is actually filed.
Please review the attached copy of the Offer of Settlement and send me your
comments and suggestions.  We would like to have your support for the Offer.
Perhaps it would be most efficient for Ron Carroll to schedule a conference
call to discuss the Offer in more detail.  Please let me know.
- FERC Proposal  Weg rev Aug 15 01.DOC  
Boy did I blow this. Have you come and gone? If not, should we invite David Runnels?
Richard-
I am in Houston Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday next week.  Let me
know if you, Jones, and Yard bird can go to lunch.  I'll buy.
John
Richard,
I spoke to Paul Heath and he said the bankruptcy code tolls the running of
limitations, so long as time to file had not run prior to the filing of the
bankruptcy petition.  The code provides for a new, two-year limitations
period from the time the petition in bankruptcy is filed.  From our
conversation, it sounds like that was filed on 9/4/99, and we will then
expect to see Ben's suit filed by 9/4/01.
The attached is my summary of what I perceived as the key bullet points from
Grella's testimony with some page references.  I hope it's useful.
,
Dan
++++++  - 623579_1.WPD 
Richard,
here is the list of potential witnesses, with a brief description of their
role in the story, as taken from the Grella deposition.  The boldfaced
additions at the end were suggested in our meeting yesterday with Mr.
Detmering.
I'll wait to hear from you re: Jeff Bartlett's availability.
,
Dan
++++++  - 623575_1.WPD 
did you draft a demand letter?
Richard, 
Here is more info on the appalachian producer problem.  Do you want to meet sometime today to work through the situation?
Stacy
Stacy,
We deducted the difference between Index and his fixed price hedge from hs last check.  He removed his meters 2 months prior to the expiration of his fixed price hedge.  He says he did not have a valid contract with ENA.  He was sent a Confirmation at the time of the deal.  He did not contact me about not having a contract until the prices were above his fixed price deal pricing.  Dan Hyvl agreed that the deduction should be made from the final payment to Adkins.  Dan should have all the info.
I am on my way back from vacation today.  Call me on my cell phone @ 330-284-3871.
Here are:  1. a copy of the Confirmation and 2. the worksheet used to make the deductions.
P.S.  He pulled the same stunt with Jim Javins  - EES, prior to moving his meters to CES.
John
Sounds Fine
We should waive this.  I waived a similar conflict for Guido last year. He represents us in the Stamp Tax case in Argentina and frequently represents the Bolivian govt. We'd rather have someone we know is a good lawyer and objective than someone we don't know.   FYI, Guido wrote the Supreme Decree that enabled Transredes to get its deferred account back.
Dear Michelle, 
The Superintendencia General del SIRESE (Bolivia) just send me the background of the Transredes case in which they are requesting my advise. 
It is an administrative appeal before said agency of resolutions SSDH Nbr. 0257/2000 and 0014/2001 concerning the assesment of a fine of 710.000 bolivianos due to an oil spill and the rejection of the appeal filed before the Hidrocarbons Agency 
As mentioned in our conference call, I informed the Superintendencia General about my assistance to Enron in different matters and they expressed no concern about the independence of my advise nor potential conflicts of interest. Please be kind enough to confirm me that Enron acknowledges that no conflict of interest arises of my eventual assistance to the Superintendencia General cocerning this matter and, therefore, that it has no objection in order for me to provide such assistance.
Guido Santiago Tawil 
M. & M. Bomchil 
Suipacha 268, piso 12 
(C1008AAF) Buenos Aires 
Argentina 
Tel  (54 11) 4321 7500 
Fax (54 11) 4321 7555 
E-mail gt@bomchil.com.ar 
www.bomchil.com.ar 
I have revised and am emailing to you and Robin a copy of the revised Molland Declaration that I have sent back to Michael this afternoon wherein he explains what happened yesterday regarding the tentative ruling and asks for oral argument. When I spoke to Michael late this afternoon about the declaration I learned some additional information which is contrary to one of our assumptions, and suggests it will be harder to expect the court to go forward with argument on Monday. Through this afternoon(when I had discussed this separately with Richard and Robin today), we have been operating on the assumption that only telephonic notice to opposing counsel of the intent to argue was required to have oral argument in SFO court and that notice to the court itself was not required. If so, the court would have this one on its Monday calendar. I asked Michael again how the Court would know what matters would actually be on the oral argument calendar and was told today that the telephonic instructions from the court which accompany the tentative ruling tell you before listening to the recorded ruling  that apparently YOU HAVE TO PUSH A CERTAIN TELEPHONE NUMBER BUTTON AT THE END OF THE ORAL RULING IF THE MATTER IS TO REMAIN ON CALENDAR FOR ORAL ARGUMENT. That was not done by the person who first called and listened to the ruling for Michael. When someone called back and attempted to do so the response was "invalid" or something to that effect. Presumably that was because it was sometime after the 4:30 deadline. This would suggest that we are not even on the calendar (without a request for oral argument)as we had hoped. I still will be there to argue, or at least argue for a hearing date. I wanted Bob to know of this new info in case it affects his decision on coming out here. Call me on my cell 619-985-9792 any time if anyone has questions. I will be emailing the draft replies for Sacramento tomorrow.
The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  The information herein may also be protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. ?? 2510-2521.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Systems Administrator at admin@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from your system.
 	Here is a transcription of the tentative ruling: