Katie,  Are you still out there?  I tried to email you a couple of times 
last
 week, but they wouldn't go through for some reason.
Elizabeth,  The Duns number for Enron Compression Services Company is 
072773547.   I will be completing the Agency Agreement this afternoon and 
will forward to you.  Also I faxed the corporate data sheet for the company 
to you yesterday.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks for your 
help.
Mark,  Attached is the supplement to the Gas Letter for your review.  Do you 
have Patti's email.  We need to forward this for her review as well.
Patti,
Attached for your review is a draft supplement to the Gas Price Letter which 
increases the gas that TW delivers to the LLC by 2585 mmbtu per month.  We 
need to move forward and have TW execute ASAP to capture existing gas 
pricing, therefore I am only forwarding this document for your review at this 
time.  There will be more to follow.  Please contact myself at (713) 853-3512 
or Mark Knippa at (713) 853-3463 with any questions.  Thank You.
Cynthia,  Sorry about the way I left last night, but I needed to leave 
abruptly or I felt I would have lost it even more.  You are right.  This is a 
very difficult time in my life.  However, I want you to know that you are a 
very special person to me.  The more I get to know you the more I realize 
that we are very similar is so many ways and I think that is why we hit it 
off so well so very quickly 
I wish I could throw everything I have into a relationship with you, but 
right now there is just too much anger, mistrust, and hurt in my emotions to 
allow that.  All of these feelings result purely from a person I was so close 
with and trusted so dearly and who treated me worse than I could have 
imagined.  These feelings have nothing to do with you and I am sure you 
likely don't understand it all fully.  I am not sure I understand it fully.
I fear I am making a big mistake, because I know you won't be available 
long.  You have so much to offer, beautiful, intelligent, funny, and someone 
who can give as much to a relationship as you need from a relationship.  All 
of these qualities made it so very easy to be taken with you when we 
orginally met.  When I started sensing some of my destructive emotions, I 
freaked out  because I knew we were becoming very close and it pained me to 
realize that I would hurt you.  So I completely pulled back, thinking I 
should cut it now than risk making it harder in the future.  Believe me, it 
is not easy to stay away from you, because even though we have only known 
each other a short time, I miss you and think about you a lot.  It would be 
hard to still see you and know you were dating others because I know I would 
react strongly as you witnessed at Senor Frogs that night.  My kidding you 
about Lee, I will have to admit, also shows my insecurity about that.
Mexico was so wonderful, because (except for that one night) I was able to 
put all of those emotions out of my mind and just focus on you.  I think that 
is why we had such a great time.  Cynthia, when we were together on that 
trip, I felt a lightness that I haven't felt in a long time.  You looked so 
beautiful and sexy in that swimsuit by the bar, and it was all about us and 
nothing else.  I have been through it enough to know that reality of my 
situation creeps back eventually 
Cynthia you are such a great person and even just typing this note I feel 
like crying.  Sometimes fate is a wonderful thing and sometimes it feels like 
a cruel joke.  I think the timing of our meeting was ill fated.  I know we 
will talk to and see each other again but I know it will be different now As much as I want to hold on to you, I know its stupid to attempt to keep you 
close and yet at some distance.  You have are too smart and have too much to 
offer to put up with that.
Please know that I do have genuine feelings for you and I miss you.
Gerald  
Susan, Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the 
amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC. Please review and let me know.
I am impressed!  Anybody who can drink a pitcher of beer that fast is OK in 
my book.  I hope you didn't operate any heavy machinery afterwards.  I guess 
you won't be at this email address for awhile.  Keep in touch and give me 
call if you get a chance when you settle down in Katy.  Bye!
Attached is the agreement with my changes and comments included.  I couldn't 
get it to redline for some reason.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks for the info.
Mary Ogden
05/11/2000 02:20 PM
Dear Gerald 
Today I received information indicating that effective April 28, 2000, Enron 
Compression Services Company received authorization to do business in Iowa.
I've put the relevant documentation in the file.
MCO
I am interested in becoming a member of the Foundation.
Gerald R. Nemec
1403 Banks 
Houston, Texas 77006
What else do you need from me to get the membership going and how fast can I 
set it up?  Thanks
Hi Katie,
Phone numbers are:
(713) 942-8066 Home
(281) 772-9250 Cell Phone
Hope everything goes well with the move and UofH.  San Francisco is an 
awesome town.  Make sure you take some warm clothes as it does get chilly 
there year round.  I would live there in a heartbeat if it didn't cost a 
small fortune to do so.  I especially love going up to Napa.  Napa is so 
beautiful and relaxing and the free wine tastings make for a good time also 
Have fun and talk to you later
Gerald
Katie McMahon  	05/11/2000 04:09 PM
I'll be on this e-mail until Sat. morning.  That is when I am moving
back home.  The number there is 281-391-5524.  I won't get e-mail hooked
up there for a few weeks.  My # in the fall will be 979-847-0011 I
believe.  I've got to check on that one.
You are going to kill me, but I need your phone # again.  It's a long
story, but when my e-mail was full and I was going through deleting
stuff, I think I accidentally deleted your #.  Can I please have it
again?
Katie
Gerald.Nemec@ wrote: