Nick Bambos 
Steve,
The schedule is fine with me. One consideration is that in 2 cases
it would require two, as opposed to one, round trips. Please, talk to  Dale 
about it and make sure that it is fine with Richard and the RAC  group (they 
will have to pay for it).
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/28/2000 10:20 AM
Richard has agreed to pay for Matt's visit, so here's the schedule so far:
Kirstee  All of July, all of September. (Kirstee's personal commitments mean 
she needs to be in the UK for August.)
Ben  All of October.   (No crossover with Kirstee, ensures VaR/Credit cover 
in London office.)
Steve  2-3 weeks in July, first 3 weeks of September.
(No crossover with Matt, ensures power cover in London office.)
Matt  A couple of weeks in August. (Preferably the hottest ones.)
Anjam  To be arranged at Anjam and Houston's mutual convenience.
Steven Leppard
04/28/2000 10:15 AM
Vince, Dale
Here are our proposals for Houston visits from our group:
Kirstee  All of July, all of September. (Kirstee's personal commitments mean 
she needs to be in the UK for August.)
Ben  All of October.   (No crossover with Kirstee, ensures VaR/Credit cover 
in London office.)
Steve  2-3 weeks in July, first 3 weeks of September.
Anjam  To be arranged at Anjam and Houston's mutual convenience.
Matt  Not a permanent Research Group member.  I'm asking Richard's group to 
pay for his visit, probably in August.
Steve
messageCenter@ms150.org on 04/28/2000 12:09:22 PM
Post-Tour eNewsletter
You did it! Another MS 150 has come and gone and we=01,ve already begun
preparing for next year. We were blessed with beautiful weather again this
year, although it was a little too warm on Sunday. On behalf of the Lone
Star Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, thank you for
supporting the 2000 ISUZU MS 150 presented by The Home Depot!
Also, thank you for all of your calls, letters, and emails about the bike
tour. We=01,re still receiving a lot of positive feedback from riders saying
that this was the best MS 150 ever. We know you=01,re anxious to hear some
results, so here=01,s the latest:
&#61623; 7,500 people registered (2,440 registered online at
www.ms150.org)
&#61623; Approximately 6,500 people actually rode (based on packets picked
up)
&#61623; Total online donations at www.ms150.org as of April 28 =3D $186,389
&#61623; Number of hits per day at www.ms150.org =3D 65,000 +
&#61623; We=01,re still collecting and processing pledges daily, so we don=01,t
know how much money we=01,ve raised yet. However, it looks like we=01,re well on
our way to raising $3 million, if not more! If so, this will be the first
time any MS bike tour has ever raised $3 million! Please help us by
getting all pledges turned in by May 19.
&#61623; We=01,re thankful and proud to announce that there were no serious
injuries on the Tour this year. Yes, we did transport one rider via
life-flight to Memorial Herman Hospital for precautionary measures, but he
was treated and released on Saturday evening and he was back in La Grange
by 9:00 p.m.! His brother rode the MS 150 as well, so he wanted to be
there for the finish. He suffered a broken rib and is reportedly doing
fine. All other riders were treated and released by Monday morning. Most
of the medical emergencies were heat related. As you know, it was very hot
on Sunday and people simply weren't staying hydrated.
There are so many people who make this ride happen =01) most of which are
volunteers. We couldn=01,t do the ride without our wonderful volunteers so we
can=01,t say thank you enough. Over half the riders participate on a
corporate or social team and each has their own group of volunteers. We'd
like to thank each of you for everything you do; we know it's a lot of
hard work!
We=01,d also like to introduce and thank the rest of the staff of the Lone
Star Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. You may have seen
them on the route and/or at the Expo on Friday:
Julia Hollis (VP, Client & Clinical Programs) =01) luggage & bikes
Michael Staley (Client Programs Manager) =01) luggage
Janna Caswell (Client Programs Manager) =01) MS info booth
Joyce Alexander (Office Manager & voice of the Lone Star Chapter) =01) MS
info booth
Lisette Garza (Client & Clinical Programs Coordinator, San Antonio) =01) MS
info booth
Melinda Lober (Director of Community Development) =01) volunteer check-in
Ilene Norden (Development Coordinator) =01) La Grange Headquarters
Kathryn Noser (Special Event Manager) =01) Lunch in Bellville and Bastrop
Will Rub (Director of Special Events) =01) Parking at Finish Line
Kim Suiter (Director of Client & Community Programs, Austin) =01) Finish Line
Vance Townsend (Information Systems & Technology) =01) Lunch in Bellville and
Bastrop
Pat Bertotti (Chapter President) =01) VIP tent, PR, Start, and La Grange
Presentation
Larry Massey (Executive Vice President Operating Officer) =01) Accounting
Behind the scenes, our accounting and data entry departments work
diligently through the day and night entering new registrations and all
pledges that we=01,ve received. All registrations and pledges must be entered
by the Wednesday after the Tour so that we can mail pledge summary letters
on Thursday. Thanks to Brenda Chmiel, Lee Cartwright, Andrea Leday, Miles
Simmons, and Trang Bui who make this happen!
By now you should have received your pledge summary letter in the mail.
This letter indicates how much money you pledged, how much we received as
of April 17, and how much you owe, if any. Use the enclosed self-addressed
envelope to mail any remaining checks (DO NOT MAIL CASH). Make sure you
put the rider=01,s name on all checks.
If you raised over $400, then you qualify for one or more fundraising
prizes, as indicated in the letter. Please make sure that you CIRCLE your
choice on the invoice and return it to our office by May 19. We=01,ll order
the prizes at the end of May, once we=01,ve tallied everything up. If you do
not wish to receive a prize, then please CIRCLE DONATE BACK and return the
letter with any pledge money you have collected.
Please join us on June 28 at City Streets on Richmond Avenue near the
Galleria for a post-Tour Awards Party from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. where you can
pick up your prizes. No prizes will be available before the party, except
the 2000 Commemorative Jersey. If you are unable to make it to this party
and you earned a prize or an award, then please make arrangements to pick
it up in our office AFTER the Awards Party. Our office is located in the
Medical Center near the Astro Dome: 8111 N. Stadium Drive Houston TX
77054.
If you live in or near Austin, then please join us for the Austin Awards
Party on Thursday, June 22 from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. at Dave & Buster=01,s. We=01,
ll have the same prize distribution, team and individual awards, and more
at the Party. If you are unable to attend, you can pick up your prize at
the National MS Society=01,s Austin office AFTER June 28. Please call ahead
to verify that your prize will be there. The Austin office is located at
1601 Rio Grande Suite 445. You can reach them by phone at 512/495-9904.
If you're turning in over $2,000 or have already done so, please stop by
our office to pick up your 2000 ISUZU MS 150 commemorative, sublimated
jersey. The jerseys will also be available at the Awards Parties. To
receive a jersey, you must turn in $2,000 or more.
Believe it or not, we=01,ve already begun preparing for next year. Some of
you may have received a survey with your pledge summary. If so, please
take a few moments to complete the survey and return it along with any
remaining checks using the enclosed envelope. Your comments and
suggestions are helpful to us as we make improvements for next year=01,s
Tour. If you didn=01,t receive a survey, we=01,re still interested in your
comments, so please feel free to drop us a line.
We're gearing up for the 2000 MS 150 Bike to the Beach, a two-day bike
tour from San Antonio to Corpus Christi on September 30 and October 1.
This year we're offering free bus transportation from Houston and Austin
to San Antonio to the first 50 people registered. Hurry, seats are
limited. After the first 50 people, bus transportation is available for a
nominal fee. Early bird registration forms are already out; you should
have received one in your "goodie bag." To get another copy, please
contact us at 713.526.8967.
Stay tuned for future emails and website updates. Thanks again for coming
out this year, whether as a veteran rider, a first-time rider, a
volunteer, a sponsor, or just an on-looker. We look forward to seeing you
in June at the Award Parties!
The National Multiple Sclerosis Society =01( one thing people with MS can
count on.
To unsubscribe from the mailing lists, please return to:
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  For GPCM Modelers from  
Natural Gas Supply Chasing  Demand
Natural gas suppliers face a tough challenge in meeting strong growth in
demand in the near future, experts told an industry conference in Houston
yesterday. The MMS and the National Petroleum Council have projected that
demand for natural gas could rise to 30 Tcf a year by 2010 from current
levels of 22 Tcf. Finding and delivering enough natural gas to meet such an
increase, even if demand takes another ten years to reach such levels, will
be not be easy, the conference was told. The Gulf of Mexico currently
provides about a quarter of the nation's natural gas requirements and is
expected to generate the majority of future production growth. The MMS says
that natural gas production from the Gulf of Mexico would likely rise from
about 5 Tcf a year now to a peak of 6.1 Tcf in 2005 and then start to
decline.  At best, production would peak at 6.7 Tcf in 2010 then bedin to
decline. Chevron says that to meet demand of 30 Tcf by 2020, average daily
gas production in the Gulf of Mexico would have to rise to 22 Bcf cubic feet
from about 14 Bcf now. The GRI says it expects the Gulf of Mexico and Canada
to be 'key pillars' in meeting US demand for natural gas. The GRI projects
that Gulf of Mexico production can reach 8 Tcf a year by 2015, while Canadian
imports will rise to 4 Tcf a year from 3 Tcf. Over the same period the GRI
forecasts that supply in the lower 48 states can grow by 5.7 Tcf, with the
Rocky Mountains region contributing a third of the increase. Ziff Energy said
planners and forecasters might be taking too pessimistic a view of production
decline rates from mature gas wells in the shallow waters of the Gulf of
Mexico. Those wells usually show a rapid decline in production in the early
years of their life but then they tend to maintain stable output for
relatively long periods. Also, the MMS said new technologies such as
gas-to-liquid conversion, could help to harness stranded gas in remote
locations where pipeline systems cannot be built. Storage will also play an
increasingly important role.
Offshore Drillers Beginning to Recover
The offshore oil and natural gas drilling sector has enjoyed a modest
upturn in fortunes for the first quarter, but their mood remains far from
jubilant as earnings lag well behind the peak levels of 1998. The benefits of
the strong recovery in oil prices over the past year have been slow to
trickle down to drilling contractors because most large producers have not
raised their drilling budgets. Over the last week most US drilling companies
have reported sharp earnings declines for the first quarter of 2000, compared
to a year ago. However, many of them posted better numbers than in the final
quarter of 1999 and even managed to better Wall Street's estimates of
earnings per share by a few cents. Although earnings are still showing scant
upward momentum, their stock prices have performed strongly since last year
in anticipation of a gradual improvement. The Philadelphia Stock Exchange
oilfield services index, rose 66.8% in 1999 and is up another 31% so far this
year. So far, the recovery has been largely confined to the shallow waters of
the Gulf of Mexico, fueled by a scramble to produce more natural gas.
Day-rates for Gulf of Mexico jackups have risen 30% compared with the final
quarter of 1999, with utilization rising to 99% from 87%. Day-rates for
jackups in the North Sea and Asia, however, have fallen with utilization of
down to 77% from 81%.
Bob Brooks
GPCM Natural Gas Market Forecasting System
I called out muni desk to have them take a look at the current munis avaiable 
that looked best at this time to invest $50,000 going out to 30 years for 
you.  The following is what they came up with 
Pecos Co TX Cert of Obl w/a Coupon 5.5% Matures in 02/01/11 callable at par 
on 02/01/07 offered at $101.964 - AAA rated
Brownsville Util Rev w/a coupon of 5.25% maturing in 09/01/15 callable at par 
on 09/01/05 offered at $97.425 - AAA rated
Alvin TX ISD PSF w/a coupon of 5.75% maturing in 08/15/22 callable at par on 
08/15/10 offered at par - AAA rated
Houston TX Air Revs w/a coupon of 5.00% maturing in 07/01/28 callable at par 
on 07/01/08 offered at 86.479 - AAA rated
Remember, these are subject to change, but if these interest you and they are 
not still available, I will see if there is something comparable.
Talk to you soon.  Please call me with any questions.  Thanks, Julie
Jim,
I am scheduled to arrive in Austin on May 4 at 10:32 a.m.
I shall be glad to join you and a group of your colleagues for lunch.
I am flying back to  Houston Friday morning and we can meet for dinner after
the class.
I shall have a Power Point presentation on my PC. I can also
prepare a set of transparencies if this is more convenient for you.
Vince
Jim Dyer  Vince,
I am traveling at this time, attending a NSF meeting in Washington.
However, I wanted to touch base regarding plans for your presentation in my
class on real options next Thursday (May 4).  As you recall, the class is
from 3:30 to 6:30, and you could plan to take a significant part of that
time for your presentation.  Sheridan Titman has agreed to join us after his
class at about 6:00 for a 30 minute "panel discussion" with the students on
issues related to real options in practice.l
I am not sure about your travel plans, but we would be happy to plan
lunch on Thursday with several of my colleagues.  I would also be delighted
to be your host for dinner on Thursday night if that is convenient for you.
I'll be back in my office on Monday, and will look forward to
hearing from you.
Jim
James S. Dyer
Fondren Centennial Chair in Business
Department of Management Science and Information Systems
CBA 5.202
The University of Texas at Austin
Austin, Texas 78712-1175
Email:  j.dyer@bus.utexas.edu
Telephone:  512-471-5278
Fax:  512-471-0587
Approved
Vince Kaminski
Information Risk Management
04/28/2000 09:33 AM
Please approve or reject this request 
Thank you,
Information Risk Management (et)
Security Resource Request System	
Directory Line Item		Pending Access Processing
Directory Name:			WEBSITE: Data_Research_Pub
Service Type:	Grant		
Expiration Date Comments:			This is an urgent request. Please process asap.
Security Processing Processing Status E-Mail Message Comments/Justification:			04/28/00 emailed Vince Kaminski for approval
General Information           	Request:	KGME-4JLEJ2  
Requested By:	Kevin G Moore/HOU/ECT	Phone:	713/853-4710
Requested For:	Jose Marquez	Employee Type:	
Company:	100038	RC #:	0011
Priority:	High		
Comments/Justification:			He needs access to the Y  drive
Editing History (Only the last five (5) are shown)	
Edit #	Past Authors	Edit Dates	
1
2	Information Risk Management
Information Risk Management 	04/28/2000 09:32:58 AM
04/28/2000 09:33:46 AM 	
Shirley,
Please, send him a copy of the paper on weather derivatives.
Vince
dgoodburn@rochpar.com on 04/28/2000 06:05:53 AM
Dear Vincent,
With respect to you wanting to know more about our company here is
some background.
Rochester was formed in 1982 to focus on the executive search for
senior individuals within Investment Banking and Commodity markets. The
operation is based in London with a global network of associates. Business
is primarily generated in Europe with an ever increasing demand from both
Asia and the United States.
More specifically with respect to Enron, Rochester has been involved
in the Energy markets since the opening of the International Petroleum
Exchange in London. In the early 1990's, with the advent of UK deregulation,
Rochester was placing electricity traders. As always, with politicians
changing their minds, deregulation did not happen and market interest in
Energy and Power declined.
Now that Europe is to deregulate a number of trading houses,
investment banks and the utilities have expressed a strong interest in
building their market presence. Subsequently we are working on a number of
projects that not only require traders but also complete staffing solutions.
This includes:
1.) Board level directors
2.) Asset management
3.) Corporate finance
4.) Trading:
- Vanilla ( financial and physical ) instruments
- OTC derivatives ( Credit / Equity )
- Options
- Structured products
5.) Relationship management
6.) Management consulting
7.) Corporate lawyers
Whilst power and energy are growth areas in themselves emissions and
weather derivatives are rapidly becoming a great source of interest. For
your guide a former employee of Rochester is now heading up the emissions
marketing group at OM here in London.
Rochester has a strong track record, and through repeat and referral
business, is rapidly establishing itself as a leader in this new and
exciting global market.
Should you have any questions or comments please do not hesitate to
contact us here in London. I look forward to speaking with you again and
promoting an understanding of mutuality between our two organisations.
With kind  
Damian Goodburn
Tel: +44 (020) 7 847-1829
Fax: +44 (020) 7 256-9111
Rochester Partnership Limited
7 St Helen's Place
London EC3A 6AU
Please note that this message is intended for the named recipient(s) only.
Its contents may be confidential or subject to professional privilege.  If
you are not an intended recipient, you may not disclose, copy or use in any
way the information contained in it; please delete it and notify
administrator@rochester.demon.co.uk immediately.
Rochester Partnership Limited accepts no responsibility for any opinions
expressed in the content of this message.
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp040201.pdf
nvaldes@txuenergy.com on 04/25/2000 11:11:23 AM
Hello Vince,
I enjoyed talking with you this morning.   Per our  conversation, here is
Norberto Valdes' resume.   I will call you in about an hour to make sure you
Sincerely,
Lisa Ford
281)913-2076
(See attached file: resumen 4.doc)
- resumen 4.doc
Ted,
Can we hire this guy for our audit projects?
Vince
Steve, 
Two internal presentations that use a few slides from Blake's 
presentation.
He developed it under a contract with Enron, but we don't want 
to use it verbatim.
Vince
Hello,
This is the presentations I have promised.
Please, send me your fax  #  for more info.
Vince Kaminski
Vince J Kaminski
04/27/2000 01:45 PM
Hello,
My home E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com
Vince Kaminski
David,
Thanks for your message.
You can buy extra 5K of Ginnie Mae
Vince
878
Mark,
Thanks.
Vince
Kate Wagner is setting up a happy hr. for him on Friday.  I will let you know 
details.  Also, I think Andrea is  having a brunch on Sunday.
MR
Vince J Kaminski
04/27/2000 07:22 AM
Mark,
I called Rick to let him know. It's not an interview  yet. Aram is coming for 
a
wedding but I think he wants to explore the opportunity of coming back
to Enron. The conversation may lead to an interview
at some point.
He will talk to Andrea as well.
Do you plan to organize something for Aram?
I would be glad to join.
Vince
I heard that you were going to be interviewing Aram?  What's the job?
Mark
Mark,
Too late. I have already got him for mine.
Vince
If Aram wants to come back, he can have my job.
Hello,
My home E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com
Vince Kaminski
Attached is the latest issue of Btu Weekly.
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg040201.pdf
Good morning, Vince.
We deposited the check and made the 7 purchases today.  The one Ginnie Mae
did have enough but the minimum purchase amount was $25m.  I purchased it,
you wanted 20m and you still has plenty in money market to cover it.
The CMA Tax exempt money market has a 7 day yield of 3.71%.  We can change
your money market to that if you would like.
We signed you up for ML on.  The web address is www.newmlol.ml.com.  The Log
on ID is 0400432840.  The pass word is the one you gave me last night.  Take
a look at it and tell me what you think.
It was nice visiting with you last night.  Next time, we will have a drink!
Call me if you have any questions.  I will call you on Monday.
David C. Walkup
Financial Consultant
713-658-1685
800-456-9712
____________________________________________________________
CAUTION: Electronic mail sent through the Internet is not secure and could
be intercepted by a third party.  For your protection, avoid sending
identifying information, such as account, Social Security or card numbers to
us or others.  Further, do not send time-sensitive, action-oriented
messages, such as transaction orders, fund transfer instructions, or check
stop payments, as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: PHIL HOCHMUTH
on LINUX
Today's focus: Getting Linux-certified
04/26/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
Subscribe to the "Whitepapers Download"=20
newsletter from Network World!!
Keep up-to-date with summaries and links to the latest vendor-sponsored
whitepapers on Network World Fusion.
Subscribe to Whitepapers Download at
Today's focus: Getting Linux-certified
Most networking professionals are probably familiar with certification
programs for various operating systems and technologies. With more
enterprises using Linux, several companies have started to offer Linux
certification and training.
One of the most popular programs is run by - not surprisingly - the top
Linux company, Red Hat. The leading Linux distributor offers training
and certification of its product for network professionals in a program
similar to system-specific certifications such as Certified Novell
Engineer and Microsoft Certified Software Engineer.
Red Hat=01,s Certified Engineer (RHCE) program is a five-day course that
consists of four one-day labs followed by a certification test taken on
the fifth day. Prerequisites for the course include knowledge of basic
Intel- and Intel clone-based hardware architecture, familiarity with
basic Unix file structure and shell programming, TCP/IP networking
skills and network administration experience. The test can also be
taken on its own, without the four days of labs.
Unlike the widely accessible Microsoft or Novell certification programs,
RHCE courses and tests are only available at Red Hat training
facilities in Durham, N.C., Portland, Ore., San Francisco and Santa
Clara. The course costs $2,498; the test can be taken alone for $749.
Red Hat certification can be valuable for companies investing heavily
in Red Hat Linux as an alternative network operating system, or for IT
professionals looking for a certification feather in their caps.
However, the program has been criticized by some for its poor
accessibility and high cost. The single-distribution focus of the
training has also been at issue with some Linux users looking for
certification options.
For Linux certification and training that isn=01,t tied to any specific
distribution, the Linux Professional Institute (LPI) has less expensive
certification test offerings.
LPI offers basic, advanced and expert levels of Linux certification.
The beginning level certifies users beyond a basic help desk or
power-user level of knowledge. Prerequisites for this course are equal
to the Red Hat program. The second level requires more in-depth study
for people looking for a system administrator=01,s level of certification.
The third level is for certification in more advanced and specialized
areas, such as database server administration or kernel and device
driver development. Each level involves two tests, which cost $100 each
to take. Currently, only the requirements for the first level of the
LPI program have been finalized; requirements for the second and third
levels could change in the near future. LPI=01,s tests are administered
through Virtual University Enterprises=01, 1,700 test centers worldwide.
Among LPI=01,s backers are Caldera, SuSE, Linuxcare, IBM and TurboLinux.
Another option for distribution-neutral Linux certification is the Sair
GNU and Linux Certification program. Similar to the LPI model, the
program offers three levels of certification: Linux Certified
Administrator (LCA) for basic administrative-level certification; Linux
Certified Engineer (LCE) for advanced system managers; and Master Linux
Certified Engineer (MLCE) for senior systems managers. Four tests are
required for each level of certification, with LCA, LCE and MLCE
programs currently available. Certification tests cost $99 each and can
be taken at 2,000 Sylvan Prometric testing centers worldwide.
To contact Phil Hochmuth:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Find out more about Red Hat, LPI and SAIR certification programs:
Red Hat Training:
LPI:
Linux Certification:
Find the testing and certification resources for Linux and other
technologies:
Virtual University:
Linux nerds:
SAGE Certification:
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on Linux newsletters:
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,go
to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to This
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: MIKE JUDE and NANCY MEACHIM
on APPLICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS
Today's focus: Get ready for virtual businesses
04/26/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
~~This newsletter=20
sponsored by Citrix 
Citrix is the world leader in application server software that ASPs
worldwide depend on to deliver mission-critical applications with
enterprise-class reliability and control. Citrix enables you to reach
more users, with more applications, in more locations - with record
speed, greater predictability and lower costs. Find out why the world's
leading ASPs depend on Citrix to stand out from the competition.
Call 1-800-644-9358 or visit us at
Subscribe to the "Whitepapers Download" newsletter from Network World!!
Keep up-to-date with summaries and links to the latest vendor-sponsored
whitepapers on Network World Fusion.
Subscribe to Whitepapers Download at
Today's focus: Get ready for virtual businesses
The ASP model as it is currently formulated is not really viable in the
long run.
Though hosting applications has opened a world of possibilities and
cost savings for end users, application service providers who simply
host applications don=01,t have much to offer. They also have the problem
of being the customer contact. If the network fails and customers can=01,t
access an application, they blame their ASP, not the network provider.
For these reasons, many ASPs are expanding to offer more value, such as
delivering network services along with their applications. Enterprise
Management Associates advocates this approach - but looking to the
future, as analysts are supposed to do, we see a much longer value
chain. Providing other services along with applications is one step up,
but beyond that, we see a huge potential in the virtual space ASPs have
created.
We are already beginning to see pioneering companies exploring the
possibilities. For example, Minnesota company Agiliti is building an
online suite of applications with a consistent front end. This
coordinated suite of business applications is accessed through third-
party partners who provide customer care and support. The value that
Agiliti offers is the integration and maintenance for a complete,
business-enabling software infrastructure. In a sense, this is an
online corporate back office.
As ASPs evolve into full-service providers, more of them will offer
service and support combinations similar to Agiliti=01,s. But what about
the front end of the business, the product development side of things?
We=01,ve found one ASP that has evolved quickly to become a full-service,
front-end infrastructure provider, offering product development,
fabrication and prototyping.
Toolwire, a Silicon Valley start-up, provides a complete, integrated
tool set for electrical engineers. This tool set incorporates state-of-
the-art design and fabrication software, as well as online information
and training in the latest tools and support from various electronic
suppliers and fabricators. Toolwire=01,s vision is to provide a virtual
space where engineers worldwide can collaborate on the design of
advanced electronic devices. Through an extensive partner network,
Toolwire provides not only tools but also collaborative space,
processing power, training and supplier support. In a nutshell, the
company sells a virtual corporation to any entrepreneur with a good
idea. Ultimately, Toolwire expects to expand to incorporate the supply-
and-distribution chain through its site as well.
As e-commerce speeds up, a significant advantage is gained by reducing
the latency involved in delivering new products to market. In the area
of electronics, latency is often due to the acquisition of new tools to
facilitate the design process. Toolwire=01,s approach dramatically reduces
latency for start-ups by eliminating the need to invest in highly
volatile and very expensive design tool sets. Likewise, Agiliti reduces
latency by off-loading the IT infrastructure support from an enterprise.
Breaking new ground, of course, carries with it the problem of
definition. What do you call this new virtual workplace, which combines
all the necessary tools to design, produce, market and deliver a
product without the need for any physical infrastructure? (Agiliti and
Toolwire haven=01,t reached this goal yet, but it is within their sights.)
The label we=01,ve come up with is =01&virtual business service provider.=018
This entity transcends the full-service ASP by not only providing
access to the services and applications a company needs but also
actually providing the entire company itself.
Companies like Agiliti and Toolwire are commodifying the enterprise.
The day is coming, very shortly, when an entrepreneur with a good idea
will be able to sit down at a terminal; design a product; ship the
specs to a fabricator; order components; plug into the appropriate
accounting, billing and inventory systems; line up distribution
channels, sales and marketing resources; and obtain financing. And the
entrepreneur will be able to do all that without touching anything more
physical than a keyboard.
Welcome to the business in a box!
To contact Mike Jude and Nancy Meachim:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Agiliti:
Toolwire:
Agiliti turns to resellers for new ASP service, Network World, 03/24/00
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on ASPs newsletters:
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: MIKE JUDE and NANCY MEACHIM
on APPLICATION SERVICE PROVIDERS
Today's focus: Get ready for virtual businesses
04/26/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
~~This newsletter=20
sponsored by Citrix 
Citrix is the world leader in application server software that ASPs
worldwide depend on to deliver mission-critical applications with
enterprise-class reliability and control. Citrix enables you to reach
more users, with more applications, in more locations - with record
speed, greater predictability and lower costs. Find out why the world's
leading ASPs depend on Citrix to stand out from the competition.
Call 1-800-644-9358 or visit us at
Subscribe to the "Whitepapers Download" newsletter from Network World!!
Keep up-to-date with summaries and links to the latest vendor-sponsored
whitepapers on Network World Fusion.
Subscribe to Whitepapers Download at
Today's focus: Get ready for virtual businesses
The ASP model as it is currently formulated is not really viable in the
long run.
Though hosting applications has opened a world of possibilities and
cost savings for end users, application service providers who simply
host applications don=01,t have much to offer. They also have the problem
of being the customer contact. If the network fails and customers can=01,t
access an application, they blame their ASP, not the network provider.
For these reasons, many ASPs are expanding to offer more value, such as
delivering network services along with their applications. Enterprise
Management Associates advocates this approach - but looking to the
future, as analysts are supposed to do, we see a much longer value
chain. Providing other services along with applications is one step up,
but beyond that, we see a huge potential in the virtual space ASPs have
created.
We are already beginning to see pioneering companies exploring the
possibilities. For example, Minnesota company Agiliti is building an
online suite of applications with a consistent front end. This
coordinated suite of business applications is accessed through third-
party partners who provide customer care and support. The value that
Agiliti offers is the integration and maintenance for a complete,
business-enabling software infrastructure. In a sense, this is an
online corporate back office.
As ASPs evolve into full-service providers, more of them will offer
service and support combinations similar to Agiliti=01,s. But what about
the front end of the business, the product development side of things?
We=01,ve found one ASP that has evolved quickly to become a full-service,
front-end infrastructure provider, offering product development,
fabrication and prototyping.
Toolwire, a Silicon Valley start-up, provides a complete, integrated
tool set for electrical engineers. This tool set incorporates state-of-
the-art design and fabrication software, as well as online information
and training in the latest tools and support from various electronic
suppliers and fabricators. Toolwire=01,s vision is to provide a virtual
space where engineers worldwide can collaborate on the design of
advanced electronic devices. Through an extensive partner network,
Toolwire provides not only tools but also collaborative space,
processing power, training and supplier support. In a nutshell, the
company sells a virtual corporation to any entrepreneur with a good
idea. Ultimately, Toolwire expects to expand to incorporate the supply-
and-distribution chain through its site as well.
As e-commerce speeds up, a significant advantage is gained by reducing
the latency involved in delivering new products to market. In the area
of electronics, latency is often due to the acquisition of new tools to
facilitate the design process. Toolwire=01,s approach dramatically reduces
latency for start-ups by eliminating the need to invest in highly
volatile and very expensive design tool sets. Likewise, Agiliti reduces
latency by off-loading the IT infrastructure support from an enterprise.
Breaking new ground, of course, carries with it the problem of
definition. What do you call this new virtual workplace, which combines
all the necessary tools to design, produce, market and deliver a
product without the need for any physical infrastructure? (Agiliti and
Toolwire haven=01,t reached this goal yet, but it is within their sights.)
The label we=01,ve come up with is =01&virtual business service provider.=018
This entity transcends the full-service ASP by not only providing
access to the services and applications a company needs but also
actually providing the entire company itself.
Companies like Agiliti and Toolwire are commodifying the enterprise.
The day is coming, very shortly, when an entrepreneur with a good idea
will be able to sit down at a terminal; design a product; ship the
specs to a fabricator; order components; plug into the appropriate
accounting, billing and inventory systems; line up distribution
channels, sales and marketing resources; and obtain financing. And the
entrepreneur will be able to do all that without touching anything more
physical than a keyboard.
Welcome to the business in a box!
To contact Mike Jude and Nancy Meachim:
FOR RELATED LINKS -- Click here for Network World's home page:
Agiliti:
Toolwire:
Agiliti turns to resellers for new ASP service, Network World, 03/24/00
Archive of Network World Fusion Focus on ASPs newsletters:
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
Mark,
Thanks a lot.
Vince
Vince - attached is the most recent E&P version of the old corporate cash 
flow model that I could find.  Note that "most recent" still dates it back a 
few years.  A couple caveats:  I did try to clean it up somewhat from old 
macros, but no guarntees offered.  Also, some of the underlying methodology 
is not what we would probably currently use, such as for pricing, stochastic 
processes, and perhaps decline rates Please let me know if I can provide any additional help.
Mark
"Webmaster@cera.com" <webmaster on 04/12/2000 03:46:25 PM
CERA Multimedia Presentation Replay Now Available!? April 12, 2000 
Title: Outlook for the Upcoming Summer 
Author: N. American Power Team 
E-Mail Category: Multimedia 
Product Line: North American Power ? 
URL 
In an April 6, 2000 CERA multimedia conference call and web presentation, 
Joseph Sannicandro, CERA Director, Lawrence J. Makovich, CERA Senior 
Director,? and Mike Zenker, CERA Senior Associate discuss: 
Outlook for the Upcoming Summer 
* Which Regions Are Likely To See Price Spikes? 
* Will Merchant Capacity Impact the Price Outlook? 
* Looking For a Turning Point in Price Cycles 
To view and listen to a replay of this presentation, please click on the link 
above. 
**end 
Account Changes 
To edit your personal account information, including your e-mail 
address, etc. go to 
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information 
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is 
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying, 
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments, 
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. 
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com 
Becky,
Please, take a look at the Allocations sheet.
Vince
Gordon,
It was a  pleasure talking to you.
I shall ask my assistant to send you the reprint.
Vince Kaminski
Shirley, Can you, please, send a copy of the paper on credit risk management 
(reprint from the  RISK book).
Gordon Rausser  Vince:
Thank you very much for the useful information you provided me today.
As you suggested, I wish to request a copy of the reprint that was
published last year in Risk.
Gordon Rausser
Robert Gordon Sproul Distinguished Professor
Dean, College of Natural Resources
University of California
101 Giannini Hall, MC 3100
Berkeley, CA 94720
Phone: 510-642-7171
Fax: 510-642-4612
 
Shirley,
My Power Point presentations for Peoples'
presentation,
I need color transparencies.
I don't know how many B&W copies we need. 
You can ask  Lynn Pitofsky about the number
of participants.
Vince
Cathy,
I shall appreciate 4 tickets, any day. I shall use them internally
as a token of appreciation for the members of my group.
Vince
Astros Tickets Available
Please note that the tickets for the Astros games scheduled for Saturday, 
March 31st, through Sunday, April 8th, (no game on Monday, April 2nd) are 
still available.  Please let me know this morning if you are interested in 
any of the tickets.  Thank you.
As Mike mentioned at the staff meeting yesterday, Enron Global Markets has 
season tickets for the Houston Astros for the 2001 season which begins this 
Friday, March 30th, with an exhibition game against Boston.  Exhibition games 
are also scheduled for Saturday, March 31st, and Sunday, April 1st.  The 
regular season opening game will be on Tuesday, April 3rd.
We have four seats in section 116, row 33, seats 20 - 23.  The seats are 
located in the dugout section between home plate and the visitor's dugout.
The tickets are available on a first come, first serve basis with preference 
given for customer entertainment if more than one request is received for the 
same game.  Please contact me at X-36898 or via e-mail at 
cathy.phillips@ to request tickets.  In addition, copies of the 
Astros 2001 Season Schedule are available upon request.
Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
EB 3327
Vasant,
My preference is C, because of its portability. The hardware and operating 
systems
change so fast that we have to use the most flexible
development environment.
Vince
Vasant Shanbhogue
04/26/2000 10:03 AM
I have spoken with Bryan Seyfried and Ben Parsons on the issue of  model 
development platform, esp for Credit Trading group.  People besides Ben will 
be modeling in Bryan's group, and C is not a language they know.  One of them 
is coding in MATLAB, and the IT group is doing Visual Basic.  IT prefers not 
to support MATLAB, and would also prefer not to support C, because this would 
make their life easier.  Bryan and Ben need to make a decision as to what is 
the common platform of choice that is best for them, taking IT in mind.  Ben 
has said that if the choice is C, he can enforce everybody learn C, and can 
look into getting some function libraries (if needed).  Similarly, if the 
choice is VB, he can enforce common use of VB.
We need to of course ensure that other members of Research can crosscheck the 
code.
What are your thoughts on C, VB, or MATLAB? 
Vasant
Grant,
It  typically  costs too much time to manage one
of these special situations. We have no time
unless he brings something special to the table.
Vince
Vince:
The enclosed is from another of the people in the audience of my Kao 
presentation.  I talked to him, and he seemed slightly  flaky.  However, any 
research he does would be free.  He's looking for direction.  I doubt we 
would want to waste our time and effort on him, but I thought I should send 
this to you on the off chance that you might have a need for such a guy. 
(maybe doing some research for Trish?)
Grant.
Steve J  Hi Grant,
Thanks for writing.  I have attached my resume and
transcripts for your perusal.
As you can see, my background is not finance.  I became
interested in finance via trading the markets.  So my
research interests initially revolved around the central
concept of trading....pricing, technical type thinking,
insider transactions, volume, and such.  But with exposure,
my interests have grown and I have discovered that I really
enjoy economics.  Also there are many issues in finance
that sound interesting as I am exposed to them.  The point
is, I am too early in my career to set strict limits on my
interests.
My goals are to get introduced to research and to new
ideas, to associate with good people, and to work on
strengthening my weaknesses.  I am interested in starting
to build a network within the field of finance and
especially quantitative finance.  Ultimately, I have to
prepare myself for independent research in order to succeed
in my field.
This brings me to my final point.  Publications are
important for me.  Thus I would want to work on topics that
Enron would be willing to publish.  I would be willing to
work on proprietary models, as long as there was a portion
of the research that could be written up for publication
without jeapordizing the proprietary aspects of the model.
Just to let you know.  I was not in Dr. Kao's energy class.
I took his stochastic processes class.  Dr. Kao just
mentioned your talk to me as he thought I might be
interested in meeting you and learning more about what is
being done at Enron.
Thanks again.  If you need any more info or want anything
clarified, just write me.
Steve
--- Grant Masson >
 Steve: