Grant Poladian
 
Neil I got the resumes.  Come and see me.
John
These are additional resumes to those that I left with you yesterday.
I'll come see you Monday and get feedback on them all ?
Neil
. 
John, is this California power plant license anything you would be interested in?  It came through Sharon Lay, so it might be worth a look.  Scroll all the way to the bottom and launch the .pdf file.   SRS
   Robert L. Graham
Dear Grant, attached to this email is my letter to you requesting that you
show this deal to Enron. The following emails will attach the following
files.  I will Federal Express (for Saturday delivery) these and the CDs to
your house.
(files on CD are in Adobe Acrobat Reader format)
1.      Letter Request from Graham to Roane
(4 pages attached and on enclosed CD)
2.      Executive Summary from Orlosky
(6 page Summary attached and on enclosed CD)
3.      Assets, Values and Notes page
(1 page attached and on enclosed CD)
4.      SEGS Units IX & X Project Description plus Site Location Map
(5 pages attached and on enclosed CD)
5.      Bankruptcy Court Order for Sale to Orlosky, 4/15/98
(4 page Order attached and on enclosed CD)
6.      Purchase Contract to Orlosky from Bankruptcy Trustee, 1/20/98
(6 page Contract attached and on enclosed CD)
7.      Purchase Extension to Orlosky to March 1, 2001
(3-page letter from Seror & Levine attached and on enclosed CD)
8.      Revocable Assignment of Rights from Orlosky to Crystal Pure
(7 pages attached and on enclosed CD)
9.      Non-Exclusive Authorization and Right to Sell Assignment from
Crystal Pure, Inc. to Graham
(1 page attached and on enclosed CD)
10.  Option from Orlosky to Iliad Energy, 11/7/98
(1st page attached, 19 page Option on enclosed CD)
11.  ESA Engineering's Projections of Income and Cash Flow
(6-pages attached and on enclosed CD)
12.  California Energy Commission Decision on Luz's SEGS IX and X Projects,
2/14/90
(10 page Decision attached and on enclosed CD)
13.  CC&Rs and Easements for Harper Lake Common Facilities, 12/12/89
(1st page attached, first 16 pages of document on enclosed CD)
14.  Ground Lease
(1st page attached, 68 page Lease on enclosed CD)
15.  California Supreme Court Water Rights Recognition
(1st page attached, full 40-page Opinion on enclosed CD)
16.  ESA Engineering Resumes
(2 pages attached, 32 pages on enclosed CD)
17.  ESA Engineering Services and Photos of Plants Built
(11 pages on enclosed CD)
18.  GE Turbine Generator Engines
(2 pages attached, 21 page Brochure on enclosed CD)
Please call me to confirm that you have received all of these and were able
to view them.
Sincerely,
Robert L. Graham
- image001.gif 
- 01-02-16 Graham Proposal to Roane.PDF 
Kim
Can you print this stuff for me.
Hi John,
Was great to see you last week.
Attached is the market info and maps that you wanted.
I'll send you the list of goals and objectives for 2001 next week.
Have a great WE,
Remi
I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like him.
Send me a resume and then I'll set him up.
I look forward to the updated supply demand analysis.
John
John, 
Per your request this fall for updated Ontario Supply and Demand information, this email is confirmation that OPG has agreed to release updated transitional 2000 market data.   Once this data is posted to the IMO website, I will forward you a complete & updated Ontario Supply and Demand report (as my last report was not complete due to OPGs previous refusal to update the data they provide to the IMO).
Garrett
FYI
Alec:
Sorry for the delay in responding to your request for updates to the
information that OPG provided through the IMO's Transitional Information
Team process. After considering the merits of your request, and in the
interests of fostering continued good relations, we have decided to update
the Transitional Team information with relevant year 2000 data.
In order to be fair to all market participants, we propose giving the
updated information to the IMO and asking them to update their Website. We
have approached the IMO in this regard and the preliminary indications are
that they are willing to do this.
As you recall the Transition Information Team process resulted in the
release of approximately 43 different types of reports (I have attached a
list of these reports below). Generally, the reports fall into four
categories: (1) reports produced by the IMO released with our consent or the
consent of other parties as appropriate (i.e. Hydro One), (2)
information/reports produced by OPG, (3) information/ reports produced by
others, (4) one-off information items that would not be updated. In terms of
the specific information to be released,  I have highlighted in gray on the
attached chart the reports that we are planning on releasing and the reports
that we will work with the IMO to get released.
We are currently working with people inside the company and the IMO to
gather the information needed for the proposed information release. I will
advise you shortly on how this is progressing. Please call if you wish to
discuss.
Joel Singer
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs
- RELEASABLE REPORTS 2000.doc  
Rob 
What's the deal on Deregulation in Ontario.
FYI
Tom May@
01/26/2001 09:00 AM
FYI, 
It looks like Ontario may be delaying the opening of the markets.  I am not sure whether this will be more than the expected delay to a fall opening.  Apparently, some of the media are speculating that it will be delayed until after the next election which is likely in 2003.
Tom.
 > Ken J. Nadeau  
 > Authorization Training Specialist  
 > ) ENTC, TSSD PO-6  
 > % 701-3006  
 > Subject: Deregulation Delays  
 > Tories study California electricity crisis  
 > Deregulation plans for Ontario delayed again  
 > Richard Brennan QUEEN'S PARK BUREAU  
 > Ontario is delaying its move to a competitive electricity market in the  
wake  
 > of blackouts in California associated with deregulation, Premier Mike  
Harris  
 > says. ``I think there are some steps that we are committed to do to  
achieve  
 > the advantages of competition . . . but our primary concern is for our  
 > consumers and industries here in Ontario,'' Harris said yesterday. Both  
 > California and Alberta consumers have faced brown-outs and unexpectedly  
high  
 > price hikes since their electricity markets were deregulated. ``There's  
no  
 > artificial deadline that I can see but we are studying California, we're  
 > looking at Alberta, we're looking at what the other jurisdictions are  
 > doing,'' the Premier said. Critics have said California's problems stem  
 > largely from a botched 1996 deregulation plan - the first in the U.S 
 > which saw the establishment of two transmission utilities, Southern  
 > California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric, both of which are now  
 > claiming bankruptcy. Harris said California's rolling blackouts, have  
been  
 > caused, in part, by a power shortage and high natural gas prices - neither  
 > of which, he said, will affect Ontario. ``We have a very low dependence  
on  
 > natural gas so far in Ontario although we are looking at it into the  
 > future,'' Harris said, noting that the Pickering nuclear plant is expected  
 > to reopen next year, giving the energy supply a boost. Energy Minister  
Jim  
 > Wilson said Ontario has delayed the market opening once and is prepared to  
 > do it again. ``We're aiming for later this year but if conditions aren't  
 > right for Ontario we won't move forward until we're satisfied we can bring  
a  
 > market in that consumers will benefit from,'' Wilson said. Ontario's  
market  
 > opening was scheduled for last November. No new date has been set. The  
 > electricity crisis in California is blamed in part on the American  
 > Northwest's limited supplies of hydroelectric power and on deregulation of  
 > its electricity industry. Wholesale prices on the open market soared and  
 > rate caps imposed under the deregulation plan have prevented utilities  
from  
 > passing on those costs to customers. ``Given that we have the opportunity  
 > of learning from California and Alberta, and other jurisdictions, we are  
 > going to take our time,'' Wilson said, insisting that rate-capping is not  
 > being considered for Ontario. ``We don't want to get stuck in a supply  
 > crunch like California.'' But critics say the real reason behind the  
delay  
 > is that the Harris government realizes that any hopes of consumers getting  
a  
 > break in a deregulated environment have been dashed. ``I think that  
 > Ontarians' confidence in this plan has to have been shaken quite a bit  
 > because of the delays in the implementation here . . . and what we are  
 > seeing in California and to a lesser degree in Alberta,'' Liberal MPP  
Gerry  
 > Phillips (Scarborough-Agincourt) said. Tom Adams, of Energy Probe, said  
the  
 > longer the government drags its feet on deregulating the market the  
greater  
 > the chance of power disruptions in Ontario. ``The further we delay the  
 > opening of the market the more likely power shortages are . . . because  
 > we're not building adequate new generation 
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at 
Just let me know how I can help.
John,
Willian Stuart has spent 3 months preparing the FX products you requested for distribution to our customers in Canada ( the noon day settlement products). As you can see, RAC has rejected approving these products.  We're ready to go.  I'll meet with them this week but will probably need your support.
Thanks,
Gary
William Stuart
04/08/2001 10:38 AM
As I mentioned, RAC is the final check point, and they are denying making markets externally. Let's discuss.
W. Stuart
FYI The FX product has been rejected. Let me know if you have any questions
Carlos
I was informed not to approve the product after I had erroneously done so. Please reject and resubmit the product.
Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Mobil:   + 1 713 302 5279
This person hasn't found a violation in a year.  I find that hard to believe.
Peggy
I may be in Vegas that weekend.  I'll let you know it that changes.
Laura is currently scheduled to be in Houston for Unify testing on April 26 through 30th.  I'm overdue a trip to Houston, so I could schedule a trip around the same time if that timeframe works for you, either Saturday, April 28th or Sunday the 29th.   We're going to be a bit rusty since the courses up here aren't open yet.  Let me know what you think.
Peg
Dave
Oxley is coming.  Me you and Ox on Friday.  Tych joins us on Friday.  The golf reservations are below.  Me and you share rooms at the Bellaggio and Tych and Ox need to sort their rooms out.
We'll leave anytime you want on Thursday afternoon.  Earlier the better of course.
John
Here is a link that will have all of the courses that I have reservations for you in Vegas - and more 
Here are your times again: 
Friday, April 27 
Desert Inn 
9:56 am - 3 people 
$225 per person 
Saturday, April 28 
TPC 
12:44 pm - 4 people (it gets dark at about 7) 
$235 per person 
Sunday, April 29 
Bali Hai 
7:45 am - 4 people 
$295 
Done 7:20 at the Houstonian 
John,
Rob and I are both in for golf on Sunday.
Chris
I met with Shea in Houston.  Didn't broach the issue on working in Canada for us.  He always puts on a good face about TC but I'm not sure he loves it.  Until recently I was happy with Lambie.  Call me.  We should think about it 
John, TCGS turned in another dismal performance last year losing C$150MM. Word on the street is that bonuses (payable later this mo.) are going to be zero or close to zero. Supposedly, Shea's group was the only P&L that made money. Timing maybe good to approach Shea once again.
What are your thoughts on moving McKay to Houston, and me going after Shea et al to run ECC's gas trading - Jury is still out on Lambie, and Disturnal is a non-starter. 
Let me know what you think and  I will proceed accordingly. 
it wasn't outrageous.  Call me if he is interested and we will talk about dollars.  Because he will be a VP candidate he will have to interview in Houston.
John, had lunch with Greg today... seems interested  - will let me know Monday if he would like to move forward. Do you recall what kind of $$$ you talked to him about previously? I understand that you were close on meeting expectations.
I take back my dog comment.
john
john, saw your CEO on the CNBC this mornng. He  looks and sounds impressive. Stock price does not seem to give a damn. From my  experience the price will show dramatic improvement once the overall tone of the  market gets better and the "California" bankruptcy situation is done  away with.
However have you seen the share price of dceg  lately. I think you called it a dog not long ago. We've increased in price by 5X  since the ridiculous lows reached just before Christmas.
Give my best to the family.
Your Uncle Frank
i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next week.
Thanks Peter
Hey did Mungo or Mongo are whatever the hell it is buy my house.
Lavo
Is there any stopping you! (But I'm guessing your not getting out running much any more.)  I really appreciated it when you called me at home on my recent promotion, but thought you might just get pissed of if I phoned you at home (maybe not).  Anyway, I won't bug you at home tonight, and I will congratulate you here.  Very impressive, well deserved.  The realignment involving both you and Delainey should be great for the company.  Push the stock.  Peter.
let's stay away
John Arnold called, he said El Paso is looking for Cal05 to Cal15 bid above last night's mid,  since it is past cal 10 I am not sure if
you want me to stay away from this.
Christina and Joe
Congrats.  I'm very happy for you guys.
We have been out of touch for way too long.
John
Hi John,
I just got your e-mail address, thought I'd try it  out! I hope all is well, I hear you are doing great (reports from my father and  from Nana)!! Please say hi to Dina and Michael for us. We are doing well, just  had baby #2 and life is like a circus around here, two is a lot more challenging  than I ever imagined! Take care,
love
Christina
Set up a time with Mike.
I will be in town next week Monday through Wednesday and wanted to get thirty minutes of your time and a cup of coffee.
Please let me know what might work in your schedule.
MFG
I would love to meet with you and I'm sure Louise would too.  I would also like to take you to dinner.
Let me know.
i may be heading to houston next week to talk with the east desk about scheduling and settlement systems.  murray o'neil from volume management and jeff richter from short term california will be with me.  i'd arrive wednesday night and fly back friday afternoon.  do you and/or john want to meet with me when i'm there.  if so, do either of those days work for you?
Louise Kitchen
03/20/2001 06:56 AM
Well - there you go!  I did think you meant p&l  - not to worry it was obviously a long day yesterday.
"England and America - two countries separated by a COMMON language."
Have a good day.
Louise
100 what?  i mentioned a $100 price move in the fronts.  did you understand a $100 of p&l?  i thought that you sounded a bit happy about the price move.  the p&l was what i expected.
Louise Kitchen
03/20/2001 06:22 AM
Bob,
Please increase Kim Hillis' (my assistant) email file.  Kim often receives mail files on my behalf and needs the additional space to receive this mail.
Clay
How did you calc the w2 amount of 487,856.  I assume this is the portion of the stock option exerecise that occured after I moved.  If so can I get the calculation for my records.
John
John,
Here are 2 attachments that you can look at in order to gain an
understanding of your tax liabilities.
(See attached file: US & Cdn Tax Expected Owing.doc)
The above attachment outlines on a high level the calculations Laurie
prepared in order to estimate your
liability in Canada and the U.S.
(See attached file: 2000 Cap Gains.xls)
This attachment includes worksheets calculating capital gains for the year
2000. The first 3 tabs are for the Canadian return with the fourth
calculating U.S. capital gains.
If you have any questions they can be discussed anytime.
Laurie's number is 403-509-7569
Clay Blakley
- US & Cdn Tax Expected Owing.doc  
- 2000 Cap Gains.xls  
Thought that you would like to see this message from your boy Eddie Rietze  
I will make sure that the interviews are called off.  Let me know if you are interested in calling him at home.
Have a great week.
k
I apologize for not responding to your resume request sooner, but after
careful consideration of my future career, I am hesitant to make a career
gave me the opportunity to discuss the potential for employment with an
executive of the organization.  Unfortunately with the birth of my son, I am
hesitant to make any career change right now.  Based on the aforementioned
and in consideration of the valuable time of the Enron management team, I
would request that we cancel the meeting that has been scheduled for this
Wednesday.
Sincerely,
Edward Reitze
I think we are going to pass.
John,
would you like to move forward and offer a role int he trading track to the above?
Karen.
I would like to thank everyone for taking the time to interview Greg Shea.  I've known Greg for a long time and tried to hire him on several occasions.  Jon McKay has indicated that he would like to return to Houston for personal reasons later this year and we will need more senior talent in Calgary. 
John
Thank you for assisting with the interview process for Greg Shea on Monday, April 23, 2001.  Below please find a copy of the scheduled itinerary for Mr. Shea 
As a reminder, he is interviewing for the position of VP of Gas Trading in Calgary reporting to Rob Milnthorp.  He intends to bring his resume with him on his visit Monday.
10:30 - 11:00		Greg Whalley EB3322
11:15 - 12:00		Hunter Shively EB3316
12:00 - 01:30		John Lavorato EB3308
01:30 - 02:00		Jeff Shankman EB3330
02:00 - 02:45		Kevin Hannon EB4508
03:00 - 03:30		Louise Kitchen EB3314
03:30 - 04:30		Dave Delainey EB0884
04:30 - 05:00		John Arnold EB3316
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact myself or John Lavorato at x37991.
Kim Hillis
30681
its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is starting to make sense again.
What is this?
The A&A program are running a "magnificent Monday" April 30th to intervier 26 Analysts (summer start dates).    Therefore a number of interviewers have been requested.
Monday am:				20 Interviewers
Monday pm:				8 Interviewers
Can you advise if you or a manager/director in your group can faciliate.     No doubt, those that take the time to interview will have first "dips" on the analysts who get offered.
Thanks,
Karen.
x54667.
Can't make it.
Thanks anyway.
You & Your Spouse are cordially invited
to join me at the 
2001 Houston Livestock & Rodeo
on
Monday, 26th February
with performances by
Brooks & Dunn
Event start time:  7:00 p.m.
Please RSVP to Liz Taylor (x31935)
No Problem
Lavo
Dave Gallagher (our head of Continental Gas Trading) and Andy Fairley (gas trader in the UK) will be in Houston on Feb 12-14.  Can you please help them set up meetings with your commercial gas desks and the gas originators so they can learn from your guys on a number of fronts including:
I think your teams will be interested in what is happening over here in Gas as well.  Last year really saw the business take off.  We now have about 50 counterparties and are doing about 30 transactions a day in Belgium, Netherlands, Germany and even an occasional deal in France.  Perhaps they could have separate meetings with you, the West Desk,  Texas Desk,  East Desk,  MidContinent Desk,  John Arnold,  Janet Dietrich, Fred Lagrosta's group,  Julie Gomez and any other ideas you have.
Basis Trading
?	How are the books structured
?	How do the various desks lay off the delta (mid or bid/offer, size parameters)
?	How the options are traded; understand the basis vol curve
?	Are there any clever originated structures that we can copy?
EOL 
?	Do the non-NYMEX locations move with fixed basis and what technology is employed
?	Setting the stack
?	Do they auction any virtual storage or pipeline capacity; an example of contracts
Back office
?	Is there a future for their deal entry system in Europe
?	Are they planning any electronic confirmation and billing system to hang off the end of 		EOL.
?	Are there any reports/ parts of the DPR that we need to have in EEL?
Their schedules are wide open so perhaps you could assign a lead to work with them to get the most out of this trip.    Thanks in advance for your help and time.
John
Kim 
Can you set up the meeting with my people that John Sherriff requires.
Dave Gallagher (our head of Continental Gas Trading) and Andy Fairley (gas trader in the UK) will be in Houston on Feb 12-14.  Can you please help them set up meetings with your commercial gas desks and the gas originators so they can learn from your guys on a number of fronts including:
I think your teams will be interested in what is happening over here in Gas as well.  Last year really saw the business take off.  We now have about 50 counterparties and are doing about 30 transactions a day in Belgium, Netherlands, Germany and even an occasional deal in France.  Perhaps they could have separate meetings with you, the West Desk,  Texas Desk,  East Desk,  MidContinent Desk,  John Arnold,  Janet Dietrich, Fred Lagrosta's group,  Julie Gomez and any other ideas you have.
Basis Trading
?	How are the books structured
?	How do the various desks lay off the delta (mid or bid/offer, size parameters)
?	How the options are traded; understand the basis vol curve
?	Are there any clever originated structures that we can copy?
EOL 
?	Do the non-NYMEX locations move with fixed basis and what technology is employed
?	Setting the stack
?	Do they auction any virtual storage or pipeline capacity; an example of contracts
Back office
?	Is there a future for their deal entry system in Europe
?	Are they planning any electronic confirmation and billing system to hang off the end of 		EOL.
?	Are there any reports/ parts of the DPR that we need to have in EEL?
Their schedules are wide open so perhaps you could assign a lead to work with them to get the most out of this trip.    Thanks in advance for your help and time.
John
Prepared in contemplation of litigation -  Attorney Client Privilege
There appears to be no succinct way to write down my thoughts on where we are with El Paso but I'm going to try 
Assumption:
Kilgore's objective:		Maintain PRM accounting treatment for the swap.
Outcome of lawsuit:	 	Game Over for Kilgore if his accountants disagree with the current PRM treatment and move it to debt thus affecting his 					ratios and revolver.
What do we want?
(i) 	To be certain of payment - how important is this really?  Pretty important - but what is this worth is cash terms.  We clearly are in a position 		whereby if El Paso evers transfers the contract to an entity which defaults on payment we are exposed.  However,  realistically what are the chances 	of them defaulting - very low and, would we win that in court - Yes.
(ii) 	To monetize the contract - secondary concern with a value to Enron of $15m.  There are potential ways that we could monetize the contracts 		without disclosing the contract - Joe is working on these.    If there is a way we can do this then our downside from this confidentiality issue is much 		smaller as it would cost us more to monetize (thereby bringing in less gain - probably not much of a difference) but can we get the asset off the book? 	We are pursuing how far we can get  in terms of 'true sale' treatment with V&E - they will give Joe a view on Wednesday.  There are potential other 		ways we can ensure this is off our credit.
If we sue them?  Loss of leverage.
We potentially open up the issue to a much wider audience and potentially affect Kilgore's accounting treatment - the one thing he wants.  So our leverage has disappeared as we are no longer able to maintain the one thing Kilgore is looking for.
Way Forward:
We should continue to pursue a commercial solution to the payment issue and monetize the contract through a secondary route.  If we complete monetization through another route then we are exposed to non-payment which could be perceived as very low risk (we have potentially a one year exposure on the back end based on six years statute of limitations).  If we cannot get a way forward on the monetization , then re-review the way forward. We are at risk of them suing us over the confidentiality breach and that would be in New York 
Good Luck!
Prepared in contemplation of litigation -  Attorney Client Privilege
Ed
I think Dave talked to you about this deal.
Can you get on my schedule tommorow to discuss the process for all these deals.
John
John asked me to let you know whom I'm dealing with internally re this KCS VPP deal.
Financial NYMEX Gas Hedge - Ross Prevatt [Fred's group]
Financial Basis Gas Hedge - Ross and Greg McClendon/Cary Metz [TX desk], Sandra Brawner [East], Andy Lewis/Robin Zivic [West], Geof Storey [Mich] 
Physical Gas - John Grass/Dayem Khandker [Wellhead book] - John and Dayem are working with Linda Roberts and Gary Bryan, both in Origination.
Financial NYMEX Crude Hedge - Don Schroeder
Physical Crude - Don Schroeder
Milly
This looks good especially if you get Harris.  What do they want me to be part of if anything.  I was assuming the Breakfast and the Lunch and hopefully the meeting with Harris. Can you let me know so I can set up my schedule. I would like to go see the Toronto office and also get some personal time in 
Thanks 
John
MESSAGE FROM ROB:
Please see the attached.
, Nella
Rob:
As requested by Aleck Dadson, please find attached a draft agenda for
Mr.Lay's visit to Toronto on April 4th.
Sincerely,
Sasha Jacob
GPC International
sjacob@gpc.ca
Ph:  (416) 598-0055
Fx:  (416) 598-3811
www.gpcinternational.com
This email message has been swept by MIMEsweeper
for the presence of computer viruses
Ce courrier a fait l'objet d'un balayage antivirus au moyen
du logiciel MIMEsweeper
- Ken Lay Toronto Visit Agenda.doc  
Thanks for your help on this.
FYI Folks-
The Kern River expansion that we backed out of (the 15 year stuff) is going to be 900,000 MMBtu/d.  As you can see a large number of the shippers stayed in the process, and are now bound to the pipe if it gets built!!
There will be a press release on this tomorrow 
Julie 
We absolutely should do this.
We shouldn't necessarily not get paid.
There are many different type of outsourcing structures that we have used.
PetroCanada/Suncor - Milnthorp
Brooklyn Union
Peoples - Laura Luce
Enerconnect - Devries
My experience have been only positive when we have been able to get very close with a customer.  Money will show up.  However, if we do operations/accounting stuff for them we should get paid.
Louisiana Pacific has sent me a letter requesting that John Malowney cover all of their energy needs in North America.  John has done an excellent job building this customer relationship to the point that they want to bring him into their energy management team.  This would include both gas and power, I think throughout North America.  I have never received a request like this and am not sure how to handle it.  John would like to do this, and would be willing to take the risk on committing extra time to LP in hopes of more deal flow.  Since this relationship would be broader than just West Power, I am looking for direction from you whether and how we should proceed internally.  Part of me says that it will be a big headache and time sink for which we will never get paid.  The other part of me says that this is exactly where we want to be with our customers and if they want John to represent them, then Enron needs to find a way to make it happen.  Let me know your thoughts.
John Malowney
02/13/2001 01:07 PM
- John M Energy Team Request.doc  
Just talked to Shapiro.  He wants Lay, Alex and me in the meeting.  I of course was fighting Alex.  I'm okay with Lay meeting other people while he is in town.  Shapiro said he would get Alex working on the talking points.  You and Devries should spend time on them before they come to me.
John, we are confirmed with both the Premier's office and Lay for the 19th of June. I assume that you will be attending also. What are your thoughts on who should attend the Harris meeting and what other meetings should we set up to maximize the use of yours/Lay's time.
Brian Purchase is a key decision maker in Wilson's office. My thought was that you could meet with Wilson and Purchase. Aleck believes that it would be beneficial for Lay to meet with them also. 
Rob, we have Lay from about 1 pm to 6 pm.  The question is how to make the best use of his time.   After the Premier, I think  meeting Wilson and Purchase is  the best use of his time.  It is really Purchase I want Lay to meet, and it would be hard for Lay to meet Purchase without including Wilson (assuming of course he is available).  They will be among the key decision makers going forward.   If you have any other suggestions about how to make the best use of Lay's time here, please let me know 
Aleck, I wouldn't have Lay meet with Wilson and/or Purchase but definitely Lavo could meet with them.
, Rob
Lay is confirmed for the 19th.  We have him from one  to about  six.   Once I have the Premier's meeting tied down re time, I am going to try to arrange a meeting for Lay and Lavo with  Wilson and Purchase.  I think that is the best use of his time.  Let me know if you have any other or different ideas. 
How's that for VAR management.
Lavo
Lumberton Power, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company was acquired on January 31, 2001 
Particulars are:
Parent Company:	North Carolina Power Holding, LLC. - 100%
Business:	To own and operate a 35 MW coal fired exempt wholesale generator power plant.
Managers and officers:	See attached corporate data sheet
Employees:	No
Company No.:	1513 - LPWR
Foreign Qualifications:	North Carolina
Please circulate this information to all interested parties in your group.
Please Note:
Sylvia Hu - Minute book and 2 corporate seals ordered
Elizabethtown Power, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company was acquired on January 31, 2001 
Particulars are:
Parent Company:	North Carolina Power Holding, LLC. - 100%
Business:	To own and operate a 35 MW coal fired exempt wholesale generator power plant.
Managers and officers:	See attached corporate data sheet
Employees:	No
Company No.:	1514 - ELPW
Foreign Qualifications:	North Carolina
Please circulate this information to all interested parties in your group.
Please Note:
Sylvia Hu - Minute Book and 2 corporate seals ordered
Teresa A. Callahan
Supervisor, Corporate Services
Corporate Secretary Dept.
EB4804
Phone: 713-345-8444
Fax:		713-646-8007
This is pretty sensitive stuff.  We should talk about whether we need to distribute it at all and if so who should get it.  I have no ideal why Heizenrader is getting it.
i haven't seen one of these in a long time.  then all of a sudden it shows up.  what is the standard for who gets to receive it.  for example, heizenrader is on the list but swerzbin is not.  any thoughts.
Please find attached the management summary and Hot List for May 11, 2001.  You will be receiving these reports every Monday afternoon.
Thanks,
Misti Day
Kim
Same deal as the legal memo stuff.
Attached is the March Government Affairs report.  I will set up some time to discuss soon.
Jim
Wayne
If Michael Moutlon wishes to pay for this I'm O.K. with it.  The memory business was never sponsored by North America.  Please get Michael to send me an e-mail acknowleding that he well pay.
Thanks
John
John, Chris Calger stopped by just now to let me know you wanted some more information on the Masters.  I was intending to take Mitch Taylor, manager of Intel's  fab plant in Hillsboro, Oregon who has been extremely useful to Enron in helping to understand the memory business.  The memory trading group has used him extensively as a resource to get them started (Michael Moulton and others) - they support taking him to the Masters.  Please give me a call if you have questions or concerns.  Thanks.  Wayne.
You should use 30 c1 with that many people.
All,
A Trading Track meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, June 12th at 3.00 pm , conference room 3321 to discuss:
Existing Participants:		Current/Future Rotations/ expected graduation dates
New Hire:			Future Rotations/expected graduation dates
Attached for your review is the updated rotational list (I have included previous rotations as per a request)
Kind 
Karen B.
x54667
Wait until Louise gets back.  These should not be big.  ie 50 and 125 at most.  I'm not even sure that Irvine is the right guy in the end.
Seems to me a sensible move quickly on Steve Irvine and Jaime Williams to get contracts in place following Yzaguirre's departure. I believe Jaime's contract has just expired and Irvine we drafted back in April as part of the blitz approach but never got past the "do Yzaguirre first" obstacle.
What do you think? You want to talk with them or should we go direct to them?
David
No one needed for the PRC.  Jaime Williams and Steve Irwin are co leads.
John, I have the Mexico group. I am following up on this email to assess your interest in getting contracts in front of these indviduals.  Can you tell me if you will be following through on this or should I be directing this question to Louise?  Also, do you and Louise have a successor for Max in mind?  We will need to discuss PRC representation as well. My understanding is that Louise is planning to attend. Do we need anyone else to represent Mexico in the July 9th meeting?  Please advise or I will be happy to get on your calendar to discuss.
FYI
Seems to me a sensible move quickly on Steve Irvine and Jaime Williams to get contracts in place following Yzaguirre's departure. I believe Jaime's contract has just expired and Irvine we drafted back in April as part of the blitz approach but never got past the "do Yzaguirre first" obstacle.
What do you think? You want to talk with them or should we go direct to them?
David
NO
John, I noticed that Craig Braslau was not on the invitation list to the meeting. Could you "please" include him in this meeting and put him on the distribution. Thanks.
Tim
-  It doesn't need to hit the dpr.
-  Mike's job is not to respond to rfp's
-  If this isn't working then it means that there wouldn't have been agreement over money at the end of year - which is another problem 
-  Finally, I could of paid Mike half of what I paid him and he would still be sitting in his seat. He needs to figure out a way to be a team player and build the business.  We're not trying to build Stat Oil here.
-  If we don't reward our originators properly, we won't have any.
Having said all that.  If your marketers want to go back to the old system and risk getting underpaid, maybe that's the best answer.
Call me.
the numbers have been pulled out.  it was not possible to put it on the dpr for some reason.  that should be fixed this week.  swerzbin, wolfe, krebs, and malowney are all miserable.  mike is making life very difficult for middle market.  mike is now having is analyst, mike driscoll, respond to all rfp's.  life here is a lot more difficult than it was before we split the money out.  any advice?  do i just lean into mike?
Do not book anything related to Arcor until I say so.
The transfer of the Arcor plant and the assignment of the 6 Arcor PPAs are now official.  Therefore, next week, we will:
1.  Book the 6 Arcor contracts on the MTM book (Argentina power)
2.  Review with Vlady the best way to record the EPEC contract and the power plant spread option.
Remi
Cristian Folgar
03/29/2001 11:59 AM
This is to inform that we received yesterday a hard copy of Resolution SE N? 4, that transfers the Generation License for Modesto Maranzana Power Plant from Arcor to us.
We have already talked with technical people at CAMMESA, and they told us that with this Resolution, they will accept (starting in April) the contract signed between ESA and ECEA to back up the PPAs that ECEA has signed with some Arcor's industrial plants.
I especially want to highlight the support that Mario Aguilar Benitez gave to the regulatory team to get this Resolution signed.
CF
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/27/2000 08:09 PM
Greg,
Here are results corrected for spread profit per round-trip transaction.   Prior results incorrectly counted a spread profit per trade.
Stinson
Thanks
Aint Technology great.
john:  as you mentioned you would like to put a mortgage on your
condominium.  I will try and get the information from the bank sometime
today.  I will then give you
the info for you to decide on what course of action you wish to
pursue.    mom
Tych
Can you look into this.
Don't waste too much time on it.
FYI 
Sent:   Monday, April 16, 2001 11:23 PM 
Dear Mr. Metts: 
I am contacting you on behalf of the First American Management Enterprises and the Fort Berthold Development Corp. 
We have the opportunity to aquire a contract to supply to the US Government, a large quantity of Natural Gas, Electricity, Propane,  Lubes and Fuels.  We feel that because of the size of this contract, it would require our company to obtain the assistance of a large company, such as Enron for this supply.  It will be nationwide and could reach a dollar amount of 2 billion per year and extend to possibly 10 years or longer.  We are now in the process of applications and acquiring more information.
If this is something you feel Enron can help us with please contact us.  Thank you. 
The contacts are as follows:  Bob Dennis- (701)575-8470 
E-Mail:bdlazer@hotmail.com  
Rick Woodward-(701)391-6833, Bismarck, ND 
Sincerely, 
Bob Dennis 
john j. lavorato
President and Chief Operating Officer
Enron Americas
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX
77002
713-853-7991
Hi John. It was really good to hear from you. As  well I think you have a good idea of what I think of your corporate success. Not  to take away, in any way, what I think of you and the family on a personal  basis. give them all my love.
John, I did send you the article on David Cassie's  compensation at CIBC World Markets.
Could you e-mail me your new title [to update my files] and  business address.
Thanks
Uncle Frank.
I agree  - having some trouble because dave wants ees on your floor giving you no room to grow and I'm fighting that.  Anyhow - soon.
I would like to review the power trading floor layout for the new building.   When will I get the opportunity to do this?
rock on
Origination team just signed a 10 month, interruptible contract of approximately 2MW.  Northeast submarket.  No MTM but approximately $600K on accrual basis this year.
Remi
First, congrats on buying a great house for free.  Need to put up a fence in the back because Bob is a pain and somehow convinced me to take done the fence.  We never did figure out the combo for the back door 
john
John, we are in the middle of moving into our new home.  I think we will be very very happy there and would like to thank you for introducing us to the house last year.
One quick question.  Do you happen to remember the combination for the back door?
,
Mungo
no
do you care about japan?
Kimberly Hillis
Enron Americas
Office of the Chairman
713-853-0681 (phone)
713-646-3227 (fax)
F.Y.I. Japanese Electricity is the newest item added to the Daily Position Report.  A new deal was entered and is reflected on the 1/30/01 Final DPR The DPR can be viewed in the Executive Reports Viewer, which is located under   (Explorer 5.0).
The Japanese Electricity item is located  below the Enron Europe sub-heading, under the Enron Wholesale Services title.
Kenneth Thibodeaux  
I don't want mark to market I want accrual.
John,
Please, see attached MTM sensitivity for Petrobr?s deal (flat curve from R$ 0 / MWh to R$ 600 / MWh).
,
Guy Ishikawa
I put it on my schedule for July 10th.  Please call me the week before.  My schedule is a little crazy.
Hi John;
Peter and I will be in Houston on Monday, July 9th for a meeting late in the day.
Would you like to get together for dinner on Tuesday evening (July 10)?  Send me an e-mail or give me a call at (403) 974-1707 or (403) 870-8015.
Gary Gault 
Your going to be upset but we are playing Desert Inn on Friday.  Saturday TPC Canyons and some course on Sunday Morning.  Corporate jet home on Sunday Afternoon.  Call Me.
Oxley is coming to round out our Foursome.  You and Ox need to sort out rooms.
Sorry, I was unable to catch up to you on the weekend.  Look forward to hearing about Austin.  My grandmothers prayers are on tues night. I will be home on Weds. around 6;00 and then off to San Fran and L.A. on thurs/ Friday.  What are the plans for the weekend ?  I might need a raise if I am going to Jet around the country like a rock star 
Anything in the markets that I should be aware of 
Talk to you later 
BT  
If we didn't sell any ELP shares over 7 yet I'm taking over the execution.
I'm working on it.
Also need storage balances and the daily flows for everyday over the last 12 months.
Good Morning,
Jeff Pearson asked me to send you this daily.
Jason Garvey
If the gas isn't going into Jackson, where is it going.
Can you get me Julie's presentation.
I'm in Toronto on April 4th and may be able to come to N.Y. However I would want to know how many meeting you would want me to attend and the message you would want sent if any.  Unfortunately, my time is unbelievably tight.  I can't assure you yet that I can make it, but I would like to try.
John- I am scheduling time with the hedge funds in the next 2 weeks for a few reasons. 
Either Mar 29/ 30 or Apr 4-6 would be perfect to meet with the 7 funds we are dealing with since I've already set up time for Bill Bradford and Julie Gomez then. When I know your availability, I can make a schedule.
1. Its important these clients meet SR management. I'd like to introduce you to the portfolio managers so they can explain the nature of their business and the potential for Enron (which is great).  Of those we deal with, we are doing 80-100% of their business.  This is predominately gas.. but we are the best situated to do the same in power, weather, coal, crude/products, etc...  They want to understand our structure.. they have not met anyone SR in ENA since Jeff left.
2. We are losing business with new clients everyday because of the credit/legal/backoffice process. I am bringing Bill Bradford around to meet the CFOs and port managers Mar 29 and 30.  We currently have a log jam of clients to get through the credit/legal system. We have one credit analyst working on our names but we share this person with many other groups.. In the 6 months I have been covering these clients, we have only gotten 2 ISDAs signed (and one we had been working on for a year prior to my arrival).  Credit will not allow us to trade without an ISDA even when their are no "credit" issues.... we do not take any exposure to these clients.. we MTM every day and in some cases call for a 5 day VAR on the MTM amount (this is typically how long it takes to get the MTM money in the door 
The legal side of this process is also extremely slow.. they are excellent once you get them focused on your work  but due to all small number of them... it takes weeks to get to the top of the chain.  These clients have special needs- the deals they do are alocated to many accounts- all these accounts must be set up in our system properly and the deals booked correctly accross all the trading areas.  This is a timely process with a lot of holes at present.
We do not have enough personnel dedicated to this process. On a side note, no ISDAs means that they can also not trade on EOL.  To date, non of these clients have been able to trade on EOL although they are dying to 
3. Understanding of market fundamentals = New business. These clients deal with us because we understand the energy markets.. we give them superior service.  Having worked at a bank for 6 years, I know what we provide is unique. Julie Gomez is going to give her state of the grid to them individually April4 -6.
Kind Caroline
Caroline Abramo
03/15/2001 03:31 PM
Julie A Gomez@ECT
03/15/2001 03:21 PM
This sounds fine with me.  I would lean more towards April 4-6 if possible.
Thanks,
Julie 
Caroline Abramo@
03/15/2001 02:27 PM
Hi Julie- sorry I've been quiet.. trying to figure out the best way to get your story (state of grid and production study)out to the hedge funds with the least amount of extra work for you.. I've had to scrap the group presentation idea since a few of the funds made it very clear to me that they would not feel comfortable asking questions with their "competitors" in the room.  So much for the easy road..
so this is what I propose.. there are 7 key relationship funds we need to deliver to and have a working question/answer session with.  Most are in the NY area.. we could do all the sessions in our office.. making the funds come into the city.. i think this will be good because if we get them away from the day-to day.. they focus better.. also, we do not have to travel!
I am thinking either April 4,5,6 or 18,19,20  (wed,thurs.fri).  We'll space out the presentations through the days over breakfasts and lunches. When I know you are available, I'll put a schedule together. The hedge fund business is really taking off now.. and your continued support directly contributes to more QUALITY trading relationships and trades.  The feedback we have been getting from the funds is that they think Enron "gets it" in terms of our view of the markets, trading style, fundamental research, and execution.. the banks just are not there... thus they really want to do business with us. In   to what we are trading... still mostly gas and crude.. but getting close to executing power and weather deals, and possibly coal.
The funds we are currently trading with are:
NY:
1. Tudor (Proprietary, Ospraie)- Ospraie is managed by Dwight Anderson who you have talked to before- they are in our building. The main Tudor office is in Greenwich- we deal with 2 other portfolio managers there..not sure if we need to present there.
2. Catequil- managed by Paul Touradji and Rob Ellis who were at Tiger with Dwight- they are direct competitors to Tudor- Ospraie (same macro philosophy)
3. Global Advisors- managed by Danny Masters- more short-term traders but trade large positions.
NJ:
4. Willowbridge/ Union Spring: managed by Philip Yang... have both program funds and fundamental- will come to office.
Boston:
5. Harvard Endowment Fund- managed by Stu Porter - they will likely come down here.  Macro- relative value.. privately held so do not have to report performance swings (long-term MTM issues)
Greenwich, CT:
6. SAC Capital- many fund managers (similar structure to Tudor)
7. Paloma Partners- have FERC license to market physical power... mostly trade power, weather..
Let me know as soon as possible of your thoughts and availability.
Kind Caroline
On below confo..... more for industrial/producers... we (hedge funds) are not taking a role in this presentation.
Per Sekse@ECT
03/14/2001 07:02 PM
I pencilled myself in, but you should try to make it if you're in NY. Per
Sent by:	Enron Producer News@
Please open the attachement for details on The New York Energy Risk Management Seminar RSVP to Laura Pena at 713.853.5376 or laura.r.pena@ 
Caroline Abramo
03/15/2001 04:04 PM
Bill- 
so far I have you set up to see Tudor, Catequil, and Global Advisors on the 29th (Thursday)..  Catequil and Global, I have the CFO's and possibly the portfolio managers... Tudor- Ospraie- the portfolio manager Dwight Anderson.
Let me know if there is any problem 
We still have a counterparties stuck in credit /legal 
They are: 
SAC Capital (similar to Tudor)
Union Spring (more of a program trader)
Renaissance (pure program trader)
Caxton
I'll try to set up appointments with these..
Kind Caroline
This could be very dangerous 
OPG controls all the megawatts 
They could set the price high and we wouldn't have the ability to do anything about it.  If you could use British energy and get some deal done with OPG to hedge us maybe we would for a few months 
John, it appears that the government is looking for some assurances that prices will not spike this winter and/or they are short MW's  if they open the market November 1st. What are your thoughts on Enron underwriting some type of insurance for the government for the months of Nov, Dec, Jan - ie. possibly writing a call option for 2000 MW at some price that doesnt alarm the govt. 
I could approach OPG this week when I'm in Toronto and feel them out on the two companies finding a solution to the government's concern.
This is also something we may want Lay to offer to the Premier when he is in Toronto.
Benefits would be:
The government may feel obigated to go forward if they have paid a premium for the call starting nov 1(ie binding/firm contract)
We could potentially book a significant origination amount
We would work with OPG vs against - good for overall relationship
Solidifies our relationship with the Ontario Government (ie providing solutions to their problems)
Or did he leave me with the 2 Billion budget to get a 30 Million Budget.
Lavo
Little buddy,
Congrads.  Did you talk Delainey into this when he was drunk and getting a dance at Treasures?
Bob
Sent by:=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
Enron is forming a new organization - - the Enron Xcelerator - - to drive the formation and development of new businesses at Enron.  Enron's unique ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the years.  Lou L. Pai, currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services, will lead the Xcelerator.  Over his years at Enron, Lou has been key to the creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy service businesses.  The existing business units will continue their development of core businesses, while the Xcelerator will be responsible for developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of Enron's business model and core skills, but not currently under development elsewhere in Enron.
Dave Delainey, currently President and CEO of Enron Americas, will become Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services.  Dave brings a wealth of experience and accomplishment from Enron Wholesale Services' businesses where he led the growth of our Canadian business and our North American origination activity and, most recently, had a great year in Enron Americas.
Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES.  Joining Dave in the Office of the Chairman are Dan Leff, President of EES, Global Energy Services, and Marty Sunde, President of EES, Global Marketing and Services.  Dan and Marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES business model.  Also joining the Office of the Chairman of EES is Janet Dietrich as Chief Operating Officer.  Janet, currently is Managing Director in Enron Americas, where she has been successful in many of Enron Wholesale's core businesses, including gas trading, risk management and structural origination.  Tom White will continue as Vice Chairman of EES and will focus on the development and expansion of EES' customer relationships.  Lou, Tom, Dan, Marty and the entire EES organization have developed a great business model with great growth prospects.  EES has become an essential part of Enron's market valuation and growth story.  This new leadership structure will enable EES to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing profitability.
John Lavorato will succeed Dave as President and CEO of Enron Americas.  John has been an essential part of Enron's energy trading success over the years and is a key part of Enron Wholesale Services' continuing success story.  Joining John is Louise Kitchen, currently President and CEO of Enron NetWorks.  Louise, who accelerated Enron's outstanding growth with the deployment of EnronOnline, will take over as Chief Operating Officer of Enron Americas.
Philippe Bibi, currently Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks will take over as President and CEO of Enron NetWorks.  Under Philippe's leadership, Enron has become a technology leader and the leading e-commerce company.  Joining Philippe as Chief Operating Officer is Greg Piper, currently Managing Director of Enron NetWorks.  Greg currently leads Enron NetWork's origination activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of ClickPaper, Enron's successful online pulp and paper marketplace.
Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their achievements and their new responsibilities.
Thanks
Does Louise get to review me next year too.
John......Congratulations 
Sent by:=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling
Enron is forming a new organization - - the Enron Xcelerator - - to drive the formation and development of new businesses at Enron.  Enron's unique ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the years.  Lou L. Pai, currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services, will lead the Xcelerator.  Over his years at Enron, Lou has been key to the creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy service businesses.  The existing business units will continue their development of core businesses, while the Xcelerator will be responsible for developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of Enron's business model and core skills, but not currently under development elsewhere in Enron.
Dave Delainey, currently President and CEO of Enron Americas, will become Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services.  Dave brings a wealth of experience and accomplishment from Enron Wholesale Services' businesses where he led the growth of our Canadian business and our North American origination activity and, most recently, had a great year in Enron Americas.
Dave is forming an Office of the Chairman in EES.  Joining Dave in the Office of the Chairman are Dan Leff, President of EES, Global Energy Services, and Marty Sunde, President of EES, Global Marketing and Services.  Dan and Marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful EES business model.  Also joining the Office of the Chairman of EES is Janet Dietrich as Chief Operating Officer.  Janet, currently is Managing Director in Enron Americas, where she has been successful in many of Enron Wholesale's core businesses, including gas trading, risk management and structural origination.  Tom White will continue as Vice Chairman of EES and will focus on the development and expansion of EES' customer relationships.  Lou, Tom, Dan, Marty and the entire EES organization have developed a great business model with great growth prospects.  EES has become an essential part of Enron's market valuation and growth story.  This new leadership structure will enable EES to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing profitability.
John Lavorato will succeed Dave as President and CEO of Enron Americas.  John has been an essential part of Enron's energy trading success over the years and is a key part of Enron Wholesale Services' continuing success story.  Joining John is Louise Kitchen, currently President and CEO of Enron NetWorks.  Louise, who accelerated Enron's outstanding growth with the deployment of EnronOnline, will take over as Chief Operating Officer of Enron Americas.
Philippe Bibi, currently Chief Operating Officer of Enron NetWorks will take over as President and CEO of Enron NetWorks.  Under Philippe's leadership, Enron has become a technology leader and the leading e-commerce company.  Joining Philippe as Chief Operating Officer is Greg Piper, currently Managing Director of Enron NetWorks.  Greg currently leads Enron NetWork's origination activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of ClickPaper, Enron's successful online pulp and paper marketplace.
Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their achievements and their new responsibilities.
Are we missing one.
We regret to announce that with the reduced emphasis on developing large infrastructure projects in certain countries, a number of individuals have elected to leave Enron.  Diomedes Christodoulou, formerly Chief Commercial Officer of Enron Broadband Services, James Bannantine, formerly CEO of Enron South America, and Sanjay Bhatnagar, formerly CEO of Enron Broadband Services for the Middle East and Asia, have elected to leave Enron to pursue other opportunities.  Diomedes, Jim and Sanjay built and led strong and talented teams at Enron.  We wish all of these individuals the very best in their new endeavors.
They forgot one.
short but sweet Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
03/13/2001 09:19 PM
Sent by:	Enron Announcements@
We regret to announce that with the reduced emphasis on developing large infrastructure projects in certain countries, a number of individuals have elected to leave Enron.  Diomedes Christodoulou, formerly Chief Commercial Officer of Enron Broadband Services, James Bannantine, formerly CEO of Enron South America, and Sanjay Bhatnagar, formerly CEO of Enron Broadband Services for the Middle East and Asia, have elected to leave Enron to pursue other opportunities.  Diomedes, Jim and Sanjay built and led strong and talented teams at Enron.  We wish all of these individuals the very best in their new endeavors.
20 Million !!!!!!  Is this back money or forward money.  Why did the volumes change so much.
FYI
Wade Stubblefield@EES
05/21/2001 05:35 PM
FYI
We have re-priced Suiza, Packaged Ice, and Arch of Chicago with updated volume information from our billing system.  The impact is as follows:
The impact will be recognized on the DPR and G/L, pending Accounting Department's "green light."
Thank you.
,
MSK
Management sucks.
FYI ...Phillip ended up taking the hit on the p&l, because he said he was facing a revolt if it went to Grigsby.
john arnold if fixing
please add the average for the month in the previous year-Original Message   
WES
Can you call Milly and explain the facts of life to him
Lavo
John, your accountants are now telling me that no cash is trading hands. That's a pretty sweet deal for EIM - I take a hit for $1.1MM, EIM is granted orig, EIM get the asset, and they don't pay me for it. I assumed that when we said done to $11MM that they would pay me $11MM. pls advise.
I guess I must stop calling you master Dorland.
Lavo,
Thanks for the invite but I think the Pebble trip is a little out of my price range. 
Chris
So are you in or out.
John,
Clare is out of town that weekend (yee haw)
Flights are avaiable to San Fran (cheap, cheap)
All systems are go....but.....looking at significant Alberta transaction closing on March 12,13, or 14 
I'll have more info on timing and probability early next week.
Derek
Derek
Your in on Pebble if you want.
Lavo.
You and Chris already have your own room.  That was an old memo.
Lavo
P.S.  We have always known that you didn't play well with others.
Guys, I'm not the sharing type  - book me in the Forest Room.
Delainey
These are the dates that we are going to graceland.  I suggest we arrive on Thursday evening and come back Sunday afternoon.  I'll now hand over the arrangements to Tycholiz Travel Co.
John Lavorato
Below is the availability of alternate rooms at the Inn at Spanish Bay for March 8-11, 2001:
Forest View Room @$425/night - some double queen size currently available.
Scenic View Room @ $475/night - no double accommodations available and single rooms are sold out.
Ocean View Room @$525/night - some double queen size currently available.
If you would like to pay by credit card, I will need the type of card, number, name & expiration date on the card.  Along with the credit card information, I will need to know the names of the other 3 people attending.
I have reserved golf for Friday, March 9th at 7:20 a.m. at Links at Spanish Bay and Saturday, March 10th at 12:00 p.m. at Pebble Beach Golf Links.
Room availability is tight so we should move on this as soon as possible.  Please let me know how you would like to proceed with this event.
THANKS!
NO but we need to solve this quick because a lot divided by three is more than a lot divided by four.
Another math tip from Lavo
Did you hear back from Derek . I sent him and e-mail but did not have a chance to talk to him.  BT  
Louise
I'm in Toronto with Lay on April 4th.  You should attempt to go to this.
John
On April 4, 2001, Peoples Energy will hold their Board of Directors meeting in Houston.  I have been engaged with their executive team in their planning process and the schedule is as follows:
8:00 AM to 10:00 AM	Board of Directors Meeting - Peoples Energy Production Office, Houston 
10:30 AM to 11:30 AM	Enron - Tour of Trading Floor, Enron Bio, etc.
12:00 PM to 5:00 PM	Various Activities (Golf, Art Museum, etc)
6:30 PM -Evening	Enron Field, Astros vs. Milwaukee,  Enron Suite - Enron Hosting
I am requesting introductions (if available) and attendance on the Trading Floor from each of you, Dave, and Jeff Skilling.    Dave and Jeff were requested by Peoples due to their prior involvement with this account.   As we transition your involvement, I would like to use this event as an opportunity to ease the departure of Dave and provide an informal format to engage our new team 
Those in attendance will include: 
CEO, Peoples Energy - Dick Terry
President and COO, Peoples Energy - Tom Patrick
Executive Vice President, Peoples Energy - Bill Morrow (signatory and key relationship for Enron current transactions)
CEO & Chairman of the Board, Chicago Board Options Exchange - Bill Brodsky
Chairman, JB Capital Management, LLC - Jim Boris
Chairman, President and CEO, Azteca Foods - Arthur Velasquez
Managing Partner of Washington, Pitman and McKeever, LLC - Lester McKeever
Professor, University of Chicago - Pastora San Juan Cafferty
Chairman of the Board, Evanston Northwestern Healthcare - Homer Livingston
Retired Vice Chairman, Centel Corp. - Bill Mitchell
Non-executive Chairman, Alleghany Asset Management - Richard Toft
Various other PEC executives
Please let me know if your schedules accommodate this request.  If you have questions, please contact me at 312/541-1225.
Laura Luce
I working on it.  Scott Tholan reports to Greg Whalley.  I got the rest covered.
Our HR records indicate you have not completed year end 2000 performance reviews for the following employees at the VP/MD and Assistant levels:
John Arnold
Tim Belden
Fred Lagrasta
Scott Neal
Kevin Presto
Hunter Shively
Scott Tholan
Kim Hillis
Colleen Sullivan-Shaklovitz
Phillip Allen
Tom Martin
If you have completed these reviews, please forward them to me or your HR representative so our records can be updated.  If not,  please do so as soon as possible.  If someone else is responsible for completing any of these reviews, please let me know.  Thank you
I need you to leave me alone for a week.
John,
What do you need from us to get these done?
Our HR records indicate you have not completed year end 2000 performance reviews for the following employees at the VP/MD and Assistant levels:
John Arnold
Tim Belden
Fred Lagrasta
Scott Neal
Kevin Presto
Hunter Shively
Scott Tholan
Kim Hillis
Colleen Sullivan-Shaklovitz
Phillip Allen
Tom Martin
If you have completed these reviews, please forward them to me or your HR representative so our records can be updated.  If not,  please do so as soon as possible.  If someone else is responsible for completing any of these reviews, please let me know.  Thank you
It would be helpful to have the cases below 50.
John,
Please, see attached MTM sensitivity for Petrobr?s deal.
,
Guy Ishikawa
Andrea Yowman
12/20/2000 07:14 PM
In preparation for the final VP and MD PRC meeting, Rick has identified you as a key business person to provide feedback on employees in his functional organization.  We have made arrangements for you to access the Performance Management System commonly known as PEP.  The URL is pep.corp.enron.com.  Please take a few minutes to access the system and provide your feedback on the employees indicated under your id.  Rick would greatly appreciate it if you could do this by Friday December 29th, but knowing the holidays are upon us, no later than Tuesday January 2nd.   Your feedback is critical to this process. 
Should you need assistance accessing the system please feel free to contact the help desk at ext. 34777,option 4.  Thanks and have a safe holiday.
44207783404 (London) , option 4 
Greg
How about you being the Portland General risk manager.  My plate is full.
Lavo
FYI
Enron has negotiated a sale of PGE to Sierra Pacific Resources for $2.07 B
that has to take place by May 5th, 2001.
Sierra Pacific owns and operates power and gas utilities and pipelines in
the Western United States. Sierra Pacific (SPR) has a market cap of $0.92
B, trading at $11.85, down about 40% off the high of $19.44 in September of
2000. Sierra Pacific has earnings-per-share of  of $1.00 per share. Sierra owns generation assets and serves load in
Oregon and Nevada. Additionally, the Company serves a small load in Reno,
CA (~40,000 customers), which makes it subject to the regulations coming
out of CA crisis.
In order to pay Enron for PGE, the company has to sell its existing
generation assets, subject to regulatory approval from the respective
state PUCs. Given Sierra's financial situation and CA regulation
precluding load-serving entities from selling their generation assets, there
is a possibility that the transaction will not take place by 5/5/01.
Enron Development Group is the most optimistic in thinking that the sale
might still happen by 5/5/01. Enron Gov. Affairs experts expect the
transaction to be postponed by 6-12 months. PGE CFO and Head of Marketing
speculate that the sale may not happen for a long time or ever.
In the meantime, CA crisis has generally slowed down the deregulation
process in the state of Oregon. The earlier expectation that certain PGE
customers may be able to shop for alternate suppliers of electricity,
effective 10/1//01 is in question. This uncertainty makes it difficult to
estimate PGE's load going forward.
As of 2/9/01, PGE positions and risk (including generation capacity, load
and marketing positions) are as follows:
Power	VaR of $19.3 MM	2001:	Long 1,934,031 Mwhs
2002:	Short 540,122 Mwhs
Gas	VaR of $0.8 MM	2001:	Short 1.4 Bcf
2002:	Short 7.4 Bcf
Total VaR of $19.2 MM.
Next Steps
- continue to assess the possibility of transaction falling through or the
potential transaction date
- communicate to Enron Treasury the possibility of not collecting the
proceeds on sale this year
- monitor PGE positions weekly (VaR and positions)
- periodically assess the definitions of PGE load and generation
availability
- any other thoughts
Vlady.
Rob
You simply can't negotiate on a choice market.  Are your owed past fees for management? Let me know.  I don't run industrial markets and Greg would have to settle this dispute.  You would lose.
I think it is going to be difficult for us to convince you that we should take out Houston's share of PML at $11MM when it is not centre of the fairway for ECC (or ENA for that matter). However, at the same time, I don't want to take a hit to earnings given the amount of work that we have put into this thing - legal, board representation, and divestiture efforts.
I think taking me out at my cost ($12.35MM) is a reasonable proposition.
John
Greg has been looking into Portland's commodity position.  Apparently they are slightly long.
With the severe draught in Oregon my guess is PGE is shorter than 500MW this year. You may
want to ask Stan Horton about their status.
John
This is the position I am trying to liquidate and keep getting crossed up with Swerbin.  If you can't help, do not pass this on to Portland, I'm having enough trouble already 
Chris
You should meet with Louise.  She is focused on the Power Business.  I will sit in if I'm available.
John:
I will be in Houston next Monday and Tuesday.  I would like to spend a half hour or so with you, if you had time, to brief you on what's going in the Middle Market Group in Portland, reviewing year to date earnings and a market share analysis we recently completed.  You may be getting some info. from Tim and/or internal reports, but I figured, since I was going to be in Houston, it would be a good chance to fill in some details.  Let me know if you would like to meet and what time works for you on Monday or Tuesday.
Thanks!
Chris 
ok on both.
Please get Robert to sign a 3 month evergreen non compete.
Pursuant to you commercial hiring policy, I am seeking your approval to hire Robert Downer as manager  (C $125K) working for Disturnal. I understand that you did a telephone interview with him. He has a genuine interest in leaving Goldman Sachs and moving to Calgary.
We would have him back up disturnal (JD's in kemo for the next 3 months and may not be able to work) and help with structuring derivative products. In addition, we need more bodies in trading - particularly if Lambie is shown the door.
fyi.... Stephane has agreed to move back to Calgary for May 1. I plan to give him a lump sum payment of C$10K for him agreeing to do this. He didnt ask for this but I think it is the right thing to do.
Please advise.
Dave 
Can you follow up on this.
John,
Attached is a memo sent to me by Mr. Fabac, who works for Thomson CSF and reports to one of my best friends in France.  These guys are responsible for 9 Thomson plants in the world and would like to revise their strategy in power and gas supply.  They would consider a global agreement, or an agreement restricted to a lower number of plants.  They have 3 plants in the US, 1 in Mexico, 4 in Europe (France, Italy, Poland) and one in Asia (China?).  Their global average consumption of power is about 90 MW;  Gas and power consumption (and billing) for 2000 are detailed in the attached spreadsheet.
I suspect that we are intersted in this business opportunity.  Would you be kind enough to pass on this message to somebody who could take care of this (potentially) new account, or at least recommend a name to whom I could sent this information?
Remi
Fabac Emiliano  Suite notre conversation t?l?phonique je vous transmet les fichier contenant
les informations necessaires pour une etude preliminaire.
Je suis a votre disposition pour plus des details
Merci
Emiliano
- Gas  Elect.xls 
- ATO Energy Executive Summary - 102400.doc 
Tim 
Give me a call on this I don't understand.
John
For some period of time, various West Power desks have been the default desk which received gas positions for new books that were not properly setup in TAGG.  I have worked with our risk team and the techology group to get West Power out of this problem.  I'm happy with the result from the West Power point of view 
I am writing to alert you that one half of the problem still exists.  If someone does a gas deal and hasn't set up a new book properly and doesn't carefully track his/her position, the trade goes into a dummy book that nobody manages.  Days, weeks, or months later you discover the trade and take the hit or the gain.  I think that this risk is real because we were the ones finding the misplaced gas trades before -- not the gas desk with the misplaced trade.  Now nobody will find them unless the gas trader realizes that some of his/her position is missing.
These are the facts as I understand them.  I'm sure that Stacey White, Steve Nat, and Monica Lande could fill you in with more detailed information.  Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
Monica Lande
02/14/2001 02:34 PM
Tim,
Steve has described the problem accurately.  Setting up a dummy book solves the problem for us, but not for Enron as a whole.  If no one monitors the dummy book on the daily basis (which probably won't happen if there is no ownership), then you still have the possibility of positions falling into that book and never showing up in the book that they were intended.  Why can't a process be put in place for the initial set-up of a book in TAGG?
Monica
do you guys agree?
Tim,  The root problem was related to the default mapping logic in the 'interface' job that moves the ERMS gas calc results to the portcalc results tables.  If mapping logic is not set up for a new book, the job was defaulting the gas deals to the ST-PLT desk.  The default mapping has been changed to a dummy  ZZ_erms book, which will prevent the deals from showing up in the wrong book if the mapping logic is not updated.
In reference to Beth's concerns... turns out this was a limitation in our production code, not an IT change to production data, so we should be OK on that front 
The long-term solution would be to remove the hard-coded logic, set-up table structures, and maintain the mapping rules through a user screen.  Given our other priorities, and the default logic change, we will not pursue this option.
Let me know if you have any other questions or concerns.
Steve
thanks for the concise description of the problem.  i should have cc'd you on the original message.  your description is much better than mine.  now that beth has a better understanding of the issue, how long will it take to get solved!?
The problem is not that we should enter a reversing trade in the system as this would misrepresent the positions across the board.  The problem is that the position belongs to another book within Enpower.  The users have no access to the screens which define where our gas books are mapped in Enpower; therefore, IT has to manually define the correct mapping for us.  When the manual fix has not been made, we have true positions for one book mapped to another book.
Stacey
Tim,
Sorry about this.  A better question to ask is why are systems people manipulating data?  Why can't the users put on a reversing trade?  I'm having fits about IT resources touching production data and I can't tell you how many times we screw ourselves up because IT does this. 
I'll let you know the end result.  Sorry again, but these practices have to stop!
Beth
words cannot describe how distressing this problem is.  in terms of mis-reporting our risk, we are dropping mmbtu's from some other book into our book as mwhs.  mmbtus go for around $10.  mwhs go for around $400.  why is this problem so hard to fix?
Fran Chang
02/13/2001 06:27 PM
Tim:
Please note that as of 2/13 there will still be 1,321 MWhs of Nymex Swap position in ST-PLT book (COB) which is yet to be cleared out by IT.   I have sent out an email to Norman Lee in IT and will follow up with him to make sure this problem is removed asap.  (The "unknown" position of the -311,354 MWhs showing up on 2/12 has already been taken cared of 
,
Fran
x7973
Sounds fine.
I haven't seen the latest agenda for Ken.
John, your thoughts re the attached? Also, I think its highly likely that we will get a meeting with Lay and Harris.
Our thought was that it would be useful for Ken Lay and John Lavorato to met with a group of very senior people in the investment community to outline our case for market opening.   A proposed initial list is attached.  It should be expanded to include Ron Munkley  from CIBC World Markets and Bill Homer of Scotia Capital.  The thinking behind this is that these guys are all senior advisors to the Gov't, OPG or Hydro One on decontrol and related issues and several, such as Long, Lindsay and Hudson, are among the Premier's closest advisors.  Let me know what you think so, if we decide to go ahead with this, we can do so soon john
have you sold anymore
Attached is a spreadsheet that ties gas hedges to power positions.  Also is a spreadsheet that shows the cumulative probability
distributions of YTD liquidated heat rates.  Finally, there is me back of the envelope assessment of new-build costs.  Please comments.
John
Thought you would find this funny.
?	Pay well ? and pay for performance (with bonuses based on merit, not entitlement).
Just a soundbite from a PRC email.  I am getting worried about Mike G. and myself.  Are you open to more discussions?
Phillip
When I submitted my list of feedback providers for (your) approval, I received the following message:
Your reviewers have been saved however, your supervisor does not have a valid  I would be grateful if you could you go into the PEP system and approve my reviewers manually, so that they receive my request for a review early in the week.
Many thanks.
MLM
YES
John, did I understand you correctly... are we going to review Analysts and Assoc's in our commercial PRC review process on July 9 
yes
For the sake of the optics of this I take it you have instructed the desk to take some of the heat out of the position ?
Please note the attached PRELIMINARY Gas Trading VaR violation.  The VaR violation is ($94.43 million) versus a limit of ($85 million).
They are working quite a complex tax structure in Canada.  I'm not sure what role I should play.  Should I just assume that they know what they are doing and let them do whatever they want sort of like the finance guys do with our balance sheet or should I get involved.  My first take was that this was way too good to be true.
John
Just to follow up from our meeting yesterday morning, the total present value benefit from Project Slapshot is approximately $100 million (we do not at this point know the exact benefit because it is dependent on the yet undetermined interest rate to be charged in connection with the EIM financing).  The benefit will be realized by EIM Canada and Enron Canada Corp. through a reduction in the amount of taxes paid by each company.  The risk related to the transaction is that the interest deductions from the transaction are denied in part and, as to the part denied, EIM Canada and Enron Canada Corp. are required to pay interest to Revenue Canada on the amount of income offset by such denied interest deduction.  I will forward to you a calculation of the potential interest charge to Enron Canada Corp. in this circumstance as soon as I confirm with our Canadian counsel the method by which such interest charge is calculated, and the likely rate at which it would be imposed.  A more remote risk (due to actions we are taking in the financing documents) stemming from the transaction is that Revenue Canada could assert a withholding tax on interest payments made by EIM Canada to the lender in the transaction.  This risk would fall on EIM Canada.  I believe that it is highly unlikely that either risk will ever be realized and have obtained the highest level of comfort on this point possible from our Canadian counsel absent their telling us that there is no risk (specifically, Blake, Cassels believes that there is a 70 to 80 percent likelihood that our position will be sustained if challenged).  I am attending the Enron Tax Conference on Thursday and Friday of this week but can be reached at 713.817.5052 should you have questions regarding this transaction.   .  SHD.
I need driving lessons.
Do you want me to give you some putting tips before your big match with Stuart Appleby?
Chris
Mark
Make sure you are allocating these expenses to EES.
Lavo
Attached is a summary report of the first quarter EWS tactical (revenue driven) and strategic (educational) visits to Enron supported by experienceENRON.
At experienceENRON, our goal is to support the EWS deal development teams by creating powerful Enron experiences that result in greater favorability and familiarity of Enron while differentiating us from the competition.
Our role is to:
Reduce time and labor costs associated with planning and execution of customer visits
Coordinate BU subject matter experts (SME's) to tell the Enron story, i.e. EOL, trading, etc.
Customize agendas aligned with Enron and customer objectives
Shorten sales cycles 
We are here to support your team in reaching your goals.  Please call with questions or changes.
Thank you.
Carrie
Manager, Enron Corp Marketing Services
713-853-3522
I just need numbers.
I would be interested in looking at the analysts/associates; however, interns are too short time for risk.  The training does outweigh the benefits.
Thanks,
Stacey
Hi
We are getting in several anylysts and associates  (new hires) in the next few months.  We also have interns coming for summer only.  Do you need any.
Can you use interns or does the training out weigh the benefits.
John
ok I've added them, forward the email's for me.
John,
I believe Jake Thomas and Mike Mcdonald should also be on this list.  They are responsible for $80MM of my budget.
Chris
Hello everyone.
In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success.=20
I would like suggestions as to:
1)  Where to go.
2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.
3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain.=20
4)  And any other ideas you have.
In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference.   =20
John
Yes - Sorry
I assume Sao Paulo is by video conference as well...kind of obvious, but just clarifying
Hello everyone.
In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success.=20
I would like suggestions as to:
1)  Where to go.
2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.
3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain.=20
4)  And any other ideas you have.
In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference.   =20
John
Sounds great
Lavo
I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment.  They both work about 12 hours a day.
John
Paul Fornataro
8009344448x8x81247
I am doing same... PS. What is the name of your contact at TD Waterhouse. I signed up online. 
I'll work up some paper.
John
I can commit to 6:00 pm every week,  and 7:00 pm on an "as needed" basis--hopefully this won't be every week, but I will stay if needed.
Can the full Day end at 7.
John--
Assuming you get the o.k. on the work arrangement we discussed yesterday 
As a follow up to our discussions, particularly concerning working the second half of the day once each week, here is what I would propose:  Instead of working 4 half days in the morning and one half day in the afternoon/evening, I would work 3 half days in the morning (8-1) and one full day.  This way I would be available to meet with Geoff in the afternoon once each week.
Please let me know if this works and if the arrangement in general is acceptable to HR, Louise, etc.  Thanks.
Your buddy Beau invited me.  How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.
not really 
already have plans on thursday .
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
oh god is there an agenda.
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
Done
He just rescheduled to Wednesday.   How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
Your buddy Beau invited me.  How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.
not really 
already have plans on thursday .
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
oh god is there an agenda.
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
Dave
That sounds reasonable, however, I am looking at taking a different tract (ie.  going without orders and being a merchant company rather than an engineering company).  This has several issues especially capital but we are evaluating it over the next 2 weeks.  I will keep you posted.
Lavo
PS  That's the longest email I've ever written.
John, I am a bid for a significant number of units that could take your costs and capabilites to scale quickly; however, I will not employ AMPS versus other suppliers unless EES is able to participate in the equity upside that our capital will create.  Please consider because it makes more sense than me going external.
Delainey
EES and EBS are going to cut commercial staff as well as non-commercial.
OK. I am aware of where EBS are and will monitor closely. 
I presume you are referring to Commercial staff mainly. 
I had some preliminary discussions with Greg W about where EWS stood on this. It seemed that ENW may be the target for many.My understanding is the vast majority of these are technology people (allegedly). Robert Jones and Phillippe and Greg Piper are on the ball.
David 
I've allowed one person to enter Enron America into Jacoby's group from Broadband.  We need to be very selective because Broadband and EES will have people who will be put into redeployment.  I expect Louise or I to approve any employee who enters Enron America.  I will accept no exuses if someone slips in.
Is this because you are focusing all you attention on the Diversity Committee.?
If possible, I would like to replace myself with another VP (Jean ??).   Rogers told me he would like to stay on the Analyst committee.   Ben Jacoby and Ozzie Pagan are also participants so East Power is well represented in the process.
Thanks.
do you people have jobs?
Here are my picks:
Gordon "Red" Berenson
Sheldon Kannegiesser
Lonny Bohonos
Jim Korn (not to be confused with James' gay porn moniker)
"Cowboy" Bill Flett
Hannu Jarvenpaa
Helmut Balderis (not to be confused with Joey's adult film star moniker)
Dennis Ververgaert
Leonard "Red" Kelly
Per-Olav Brasar
Jocelyn Guevremont
Roman Hamrlik (not to be confused with Lav's self-gratifying adult film star
moniker)
Ron Tugnutt (not to be confused with James' other gay porn moniker)
Sent: Friday, March 30, 2001 12:19 PM
Cc: Charles Jones; James Galea; james_mcdonnell@matthewscott.com;
mvanrassel@rpmtec.com; mitchmilestone@home.com;
Richard.C.Glover@fritolay.com; John.J.Lavorato@
Count me in with Russian rubles to counter the free market forces. I don't
know about Americans as Imperialists though, Chris. Theories of mercantilism
resulted in Colonial Wars and The American Revolution. America doesn't try
to influence other countries, they simply take what they need, with or
without asking. Just ask Lav's Enron Corp.
$40 is a bit high for a Collective farmer, but I'll forego some panza's
(deep fried, not baked ) to make it happen.
Joe.
\
Sent: Friday, March 30, 2001 12:05 PM