you are living in the past. those guys are too old to help denver's pitiful 
excuse of a team now.
just in case you didn't see it- 4 broncos made the 1st team all decade team elway is the starter and your boy in sf didn't even make 2nd team tim 
I couldn't find your phone number in the system.
Here is a list of what I have compiled:
Eddie Reets - Basis 
Joey Stanton - Tx Physical
Brad Lebetter - Tx Financial
Vince Garcia - Gulf Physical
Tom Jania - Northeast Physical
-Eric
Shanna Husser@
07/24/2000 08:19 AM
LHusser@aol.com on 07/21/2000 11:19:59 PM
I've learned     that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.
'   that when you're in love, it shows.
that just one person saying to me, "You've made my day!" makes my day.
that having a child fall asleep in your arms is one of the most peaceful
feelings in     the world.
I've learned     that being kind is more important than being right.
that you should never say no to a gift from a child.
that I can always pray for someone when I don't have the strength to help
him in  some other way.
I've learned     that no matter how serious your life requires you to be, everyone needs a
friend  to act goofy with.
that sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold and a heart to
understand.
that simple walks with my father around the block on summer nights when I
was     a child did wonders for me as an adult.
I've learned     that life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer it gets to the end,
the faster it   goes.
that we should be glad God doesn't give us everything we ask for.
that money doesn't buy class.
that it's those small daily happenings that make life so spectacular.
I've learned     that under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated
and     loved.
that the Lord didn't do it all in one day. What makes me think  I can?
that to ignore the facts does not change the facts.
that when you plan to get even with someone, you are only letting that
person  continue to hurt you.
I've learned     that love, not time, heals all wounds.
that the easiest way for me to grow as a person is to surround myself
with    people smarter than I am.
that everyone you meet deserves to be greeted with a smile.
that there's nothing sweeter than sleeping with your babies and feeling
their   breath on your cheeks.
I've learned     that no one is perfect until you fall in love with them.
that life is tough, but I'm tougher.
that opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss.
that when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.
I've learned     that one should keep his words both soft and tender, because tomorrow he
may     have to eat them.
that a smile is an inexpensive way to improve your looks.
that I can't choose how I feel, but I can choose what I do about it.
I've learned     that when your newly born grandchild holds your little finger in his
little fist, that   you're hooked for life.
that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness
and     growth occurs while you're climbing it.
that it is best to give advice in only two circumstances; when it is
requested and   when it is a life-threatening situation.
that the less time I have to work with, the more things I get done.
Author
Andy Rooney>
Here is the bbq that I was talking about on Saturday. Let me know if you want 
to go.
-E
Phillip M Love
07/25/2000 09:01 AM
Just wanted to remind you guys of the get together this weekend for the Texas 
guys at my house.  Please let me know by Friday if you will be able to come 
and I will draw up some maps.  I was thinking about 5 p.m. to get started Beer and burgers will be on the menu with a little bit of billards action Please bring your significant others(Mick, please only bring one PL
i'm in, is this on saturday?
Phillip M Love
07/25/2000 09:01 AM
Just wanted to remind you guys of the get together this weekend for the Texas 
guys at my house.  Please let me know by Friday if you will be able to come 
and I will draw up some maps.  I was thinking about 5 p.m. to get started Beer and burgers will be on the menu with a little bit of billards action Please bring your significant others(Mick, please only bring one PL
after the game
What happened to the baseball game?
The El Tiempo on Richmond.
We are going to meet at El Tiempo tonight for drinks at around 9:00 - 9:30 Let me know if you can make it.
Eric
Anyone up for Keneally's after work today?
You should be ok, try again.
After selecting my name, the system "does not recognize who I am."   Am I 
registered?
Mick
Our League Site has been set up.  It is the same site as last year.  Please 
take some time to Change your team name and logo.  In addition, for those new 
players, the rules are listed on the site.
Let me know if you have questions.
The league abbreviation is kourn.
Eric
The El Tiempo on Richmond.
We are going to meet at El Tiempo tonight for drinks at around 9:00 - 9:30 Let me know if you can make it.
Eric
We are going to meet at El Tiempo tonight for drinks at around 9:00 - 9:30 Let me know if you can make it.
Eric
i guess it is free no matter what
Eric,
Did you see that commissioner was free right now?
Did we get that deal?
If not, will you try to?
Jason Bass
TSE
Compaq Computer Corporation
The 24th (2) pick and the 42nd (4) pick for your 2nd round and your 7th
round?
did you talk to christen?  what does she want to do tonight?
e
Sent by: Beverly Stephens@
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
Mark, Dave and John
I don't know yet, I will probably know sometime next week.  I will keep you 
posted!
Hi E,
How did it go and when do you find out?  LU-M