>                         Name: OU Invitation.pps
    OU Invitation.pps    Type: POWERPNT File (application/pps)
I hear that Dad was in the emergency room for some hours earlier this week Glad to hear that it just seemed to be a virus.  Mom does seem to like that 
Heart Hospital 
Check out the website for the place in Asheville, NC that I mentioned to 
you.  Address is richmondhillinn.com - if I knew how to hotlink for you I 
would, but I am not the techie!!  We had dinner there one night while in 
Asheville and had a great meal and though that the place was pretty -  a lot 
better than the overpriced, under-delivered Grove Park Inn.  Our friends the 
Tylers spent several nights at the Richmond Inn that same summer.  It looks 
pretty good in the photos, and you can see the mountains!!
Only airlines that fly from here into Asheville are Delta and US Air Continental flies to Greenville/Spartanville, SC which is about 60 to 70 
miles from Asheville - not impossible, given that we would want some cars 
I will get info on prices and stuff for lodging and airfare - then we can 
decide if we want to show this to Mom and Dad as a possibility 
Hope all is well with the three of you.  Are you making the trip to 
Halletsville on Saturday, assuming no rain out?  I am not going to make it need a little r&r at home and to wash some clothes!!  Love, Sally 
Congratulations to you and Lanettte on the birth of Nicole Mackenzie.  What a 
pretty name!  I was in London last week and got the news while I was there 
I hope that everyone in your household is doing well, although I know that 
you are probably a bit sleep deprived.  That will pass - although with your 
first one that is really hard to believe.  Please stop by as soon as you have 
pictures.  I would love to see them.  --Sally 
Melissa Allen, formerly with Arthur Andersen and assigned to the Enron 
account, has taken over Beth Apollo's role for EEL.  She reports to Fernley 
Dyson, as did Beth.
I was in the London office last week.  As a result of some of my discussions, 
Mike Jordan asked that James Scribner make a visit to cover the operations 
pricing model and to discuss some issues around global counterparty 
database.  Mike has suggested that James come to London during the first week 
in February, which sounds as if it will coincide with your trip.  Please 
coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential 
overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of 
coordination.  Since your agenda mentions GCP, there may some meetings that 
you are planning that would be appropriate for James to join.  By copy of 
this memo, I am asking James to do the same with you.  Thanks 
Greetings Sally!  Thank you for taking the time to attend our presentation, I 
truly hope you found it informative.  I definitely have a better 
understanding of your concerns with Risk and we will work towards resolving 
some of them.  Hopefully I can report some positive results at our next 
presentation.
I have a trip planned for London the week of Feb. 5.  My initial topics 
include:
GCP - NG Several meetings scheduled with Brian Lindsey Hunter and Gail Hill 
to discuss User Acceptance Testing, Test Scripts, Resources and Schedules 
Global Systems Facilities and Contracts - Discussions with Gail Hill, Matthew 
Allen and others as identified to discuss Scope, Timing, Resources and 
Regulatory requirements.
Livelink/iRIMS - Discussions with Paul Jones regarding Vendor support Security Standards (Requirements and Elaboration), differences in security 
between Livelink and iRIMS, Standards Committee, current project status, 
testing, release of new versions, change management control, enhancements and 
processes.
Steve Whittiker (Michael Jordan sometimes joins us) -  System initiatives 
London and Houston, MKM, Envision, Global Systems.
I would also like to meet with Beth Apollo's successor if possible Hopefully you can tell me who that is.
Joel
FYI on VNG Geraldine Irvine
01/26/2001 11:43 AM
Attached is a memo from Mark Breese on the follow-up to the Jan. 25 VNG 
Meeting.
Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch tomorrow on details.  Hopefully 
Lexi will have resumes for you.  If not, let me know, and some of us who 
interviewed on campus may have them still.  --sally
Thanks for your note and welcome back to Enron.  I am so pleased that you 
have returned.  I, too, look forward to working with you.  --Sally 
Ryan Seleznov@
01/26/2001 10:28 AM
Sent by: Ryan Seleznov@
Sally, congratulations on your promotion! 
I am really looking forward to working with you and your team and have 
scheduled some time to visit with you on 2/5.
Ryan
And you and your bride haven't set Dallas as a honeymoon destination???? =20
Your excuse seems to be a good one.  We will miss your presence and=20
participation, however.  Enjoy the wedding!!--Sally=20
John Paskin
01/26/2001 01:55 AM
Marvia
Unfortunately I am unable to attend (I am getting married). =20
Apologies
John
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel in=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20
I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this design=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13th=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is composed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previously=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.
A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in the=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to support=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods so=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=20
these two days.
Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.
I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendance=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.
I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing you=20
in Dallas!
Please mark your calendars for this reoccurring luncheon that Sally will be 
hosting:
Date: Every Monday (at least thru March), beginning Jan 29
Time: 11:30 - 1:00 PM
Location: EB 30C2
Lunch will be served.
FYI.  Forgot to cc: you on this.
PT
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel in=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20
I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this design=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13th=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is composed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previously=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.
A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in the=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to support=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods so=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=20
these two days.
Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.
I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendance=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.
I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing you=20
in Dallas!
On January 12, I hosted a brainstorming session at the Four Seasons hotel in=20
downtown Houston in which we assembled a number of ideas regarding mid and=20
back office services we could offer to the commodity industry.  To complete a=20
plan for launching this strategic commercial venture, we are hosting an=20
integrated design session facilitated by Cap Gemini Ernst & Young (CGEY) at=20
their Accelerated Solutions Environment in Dallas, Texas. =20
I am personally extending an invitation to you to participate in this design=20
session.  This is a critical two-day event to be held February 12th and 13th=20
in Dallas, Texas.   This work session is based on a unique approach called a=20
DesignShop=01v.  It is a very focused, activity-driven event that is composed of=20
various modules and exercises performed in small and large groups. If you=20
have not attended one of the DesignShops related to SAP, you will likely=20
regard this session as different from any working session you have previously=20
experienced. The prior DesignShops held in conjunction with SAP have proven=20
to be very successful.  Therefore, we have elected to utilize this same=20
methodology on this very critical and strategic venture.
A limited number of representatives from Enron will be attending.  You were=20
selected to be one of approximately 30 key individuals to participate in the=20
DesignShop. You are being asked to participate in the full two days with as=20
little distraction or interruption as possible.  The quality of our results=20
depends on each participant being fully engaged and participative for the=20
entire event.   Additionally, you will be relied on in the future to support=20
and communicate our commercial strategy as it is defined at this session. =20
This date was specifically selected to avoid critical operational periods so=20
that your participation can be maximized. Therefore, please make all=20
necessary arrangements at the office to minimize your distractions during=20
these two days.
Please review the attached information regarding hotel, flight information,=20
and transportation.  Preliminary information as to schedule and environment=20
has also been included.  You may direct any additional questions concerning=20
the event to Mary Solmonson at (713)-853-6079.
I hope that you will be able to participate.  Please confirm your attendance=20
for the two days with Marvia Jefferson at 713-853-9165 by January 29th 5:00=20
p.m.  If you are unable to attend, it may be appropriate to select someone=20
else to participate.  Please do not extend an invitation to anyone else to=20
take your place until you and I have discussed this.
I thank you in advance for your participation and look forward to seeing you=20
in Dallas!
Please put attendees on my calendar.  Thanks. 
Please note, the Project Doorstep meeting has been rescheduled to the 
following date and time:
Date:  Friday, February 2, 2001
Time:  9:00am - 10:00am
Place:  EB2868
Thanks,
AC Romero
A Project Doorstep with EAS meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, January 31st 
at 9:00am (3:00pm London time) in conference room EB-2831.  If you have any 
questions or require additional information, please call me my direct 
extension is 3-0402.
Meeting participants
David Port
Ted Murphy
Cassandra Schultz
Rick Buy
Tod Lindholm
Shawn Kilchrist
Sally Beck
Shona Wilson
__________________________________________
Lisa, 
Here is the conference room Poly-Com number for Ted, Rita mentioned he 
prefers to call in 
Poly-com # 713-646-3638 
Thanks,
AC Romero 
Thanks for your note.  Sorry that all we managed last week was a wave.  My 
last trip to London was March of 2000, so I certainly had a very full 
agenda.  Mike Jordan kept my schedule very full, but productive, and even 
lunches and dinners were filled with business meetings 
Do stop by when you are in the office next week.  I should be in town all 
week.  --Sally 
Amita Gosalia
01/23/2001 03:13 AM
Hi Sally
Congratulations on your promotion!
I was hoping to congratulate you in person while you were in London - but you 
seemed really busy.  Every time you walked through our area I was on the 
phone!
Hope to catch up with you next week when I visit Houston.
Best wishes 
Amita
Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
Liz M Taylor
01/22/2001 05:43 PM
Sally,
Congratulations on the promotion to Managing Director!!!!!! VERY WELL 
deserved.  Continued success.
Liz Taylor
Thanks for the congratulations.  David of course is pleased about the 
promotion but is most anxious to see what dollars come along with it Thanks, too, for your comments on the OpRisk session.  It is always a risk to 
pull together an audience of 90 and deliver something worthwhile.  --Sally 
First of all congratulations on your promotion, it is well deserved.  You are 
really in some rarefied air, since there seem to be very few Managing 
Directors.
I also would like to compliment you on putting together one of the best  2 
1/2  hour seminars / workshops that I have ever attended ( I know that is 
saying a mouthful).  The Operational Risk Meeting / Workshop was not only 
informative, but the constantly changing formats kept everyone's attention I believe the meeting also caused a renewed enthusiasm among your supervisory 
personnel.  This is not only my observation, but the feeling of all of the 
people that I have talked to over the past few weeks. 
Once again, congrats 
If my full e:mail address is not used, Steve Beck gets my e:mails.  He has 
forwarded this one.  Does it make sense to you?--Sally 
Jason Vansco                                                     SALES AGT: CE/Y7NEYU
BECK/SALLY
SUITE 3015
ETKT RECEIPT
ENRON CORP
DATE:  JAN 22 2001
MISCELLANEOUS         23MAY HOUSTON TX
WED   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP 
BECK/SALLY W  S5C0413R1055
INTL TVLRS: CARRY SOS WALLET CARD W/ENRON ASSISTANCE INFO
ALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:IN U.S 800 523-6586
CALL SOS MEDICAL EMERGENCY:INTL 215 245-4707 (COLLECT)
THIS IS THE PASSENGER RECEIPT FOR YOUR ELECTRONIC TICKET.
PLEASE CHECK-IN WITH PHOTO IDENTIFICATION AND WITH
EITHER (1) THIS RECEIPT OR (2) YOUR CONFIRMATION NUMBER.
Thanks for making this time change 
Peggy,
Is it the 4 Points or Eau Claire Sheraton?  I'm trying to book her a room for 
Tuesday evening.
Thanks,
Patti x39106
Peggy Hedstrom
01/20/2001 09:23 AM
We are set up for the meeting on Operational Risk on February 6th at 3:00 
pm.  We have a room booked at the Sheraton with a set up similar to the 
Houston meeting.  I have invited three people from the accounting department 
to attend as well.  Laura Scott, Cheryl Dawes, and Dave Hanslip will be the 
attendees from accounting.  Everyone is looking forward to meeting with you 
to discuss this issue.  So far, the weather is still mild.  Talk to you soon.
Peggy
During the budgeting process for 2001 I gave Dave Delainey an estimated cost 
savings for Energy Operations assuming the sale of HPL. Since this is clearly 
on the horizon, we need to take a close look at opportunities for cost 
savings and our estimated timing on those savings.  I will ask James by copy 
of this memo to set up a meeting late this week to cover this.  I want to be 
able to get back with Dave with more detailed estimates of cost savings 
Audience for the report?  Is it you and Philippe, or will the report be 
distributed to all on your memo distribution list?  May make a difference in 
information provided 
We can update you on progress toward commercialization of mid and back office 
operations in the report.  Would you also like some operating data - # of 
deals, bcf scheduled, etc.?  We can come up with a format and suggested 
content this week.  --Sally 
Louise Kitchen
01/22/2001 12:17 PM
I am asking Tammie to compile a Weekly Report (for delivery 8am Monday 
mornings) which is formatted as below.  Please make sure starting next week 
the information if received in adequate time.
Deals Signed
LOI Signed
NDAs signed
Earnings Report (from Kerry)
Individual Group general update (to include deals working plus other info)
Thanks
Louise
Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
Wonderful news of your well deserved recognition.  Congratulations!  Steve.
This is some of the data that we need Beth Apollo
01/19/2001 10:31 AM
Sorry I missed you yesterday  -- I tried a couple of times to catch you, but 
you were always in a meeting.
I will see you on Monday the 29th.  If anything comes up next week, I can be 
reached at my new temporary home (mother in-laws)  713 520 0766
Also  -- I believe Fernley has passed the Merit raise part of this year end 
comp review over to you, so I thought I would give you the facts.
Base salary $165,000
Foreign Adjustment  $30,000     these two items will go away on Jan 28th and I am left with the base salary
Car Allowance           $12000
total regular pay     $207,000
also  -- they have had me on a 2 year contract  (not sure if they do that in 
Houston, but I am willing)  which had some annual cash kickers)
We can discuss when I get there, but in case you need it next week, just 
thought it couldn't hurt.
Looking forward to a fresh start and new challenges.
see you soon
Beth
Can you get me info on the options with Dell?  I won't make it by to speak 
with them myself today.  Thanks. 
ClickAtHomePilot3@
01/19/2001 09:56 AM
Sent by: Kevin Whitehurst@
Last Day Dell Onsite for Pilot 3! 
Dell Computer: 
Dell will be here today from 8am - ?2:30pm to answer questions and take 
orders in room EB568 and EB560 
Time Warner's Road Runner Broadband Service: 
Also here today are representatives from Time Warner's Road Runner Broadband 
Service to answer any questions and to check serviceability, also in EB568. 
?Ordering for Internet service is expected to begin the end of next week. 
Please remember PC ordering concludes on January 25th! ?Thanks again for the 
overwhelming response and interest 
The ClickAtHome Team! 
Thanks for your note 
Just wanted to send my congratulations.  I know that you really deserve this 
promotion.
Good Luck
Mary
Thanks, Sarah!  I was so focused on getting that in the mail that I obviously 
didn't proof the content very well.  Thanks for looking out for me!  --Sally 
Sally,
I added league hours to your hours report for you as you attended all
patroness meetings (Oct and Nov) and the Holiday Tea.  I added 5 hours for
those meetings for a total 12 for this qtr. If it should be more, let me
know.  I wasn't there in Oct.  That makes your year to date league 33.5.
Thanks for  all your hard work with the girls.
Hours/Awards,
Sarah Marshall
Janine,
When  is Beth's last day in London?  I need that date before I can proceed I think it might be today, but I need to confirm that before I have 
everything switched over.
Patti
Can you please let me know when Beth will have her new Houston log-in set up 
and what it will be so that I can have her emails and H://drive tranferred 
over?
Thanks
Janine
Janine,
I can handle that.   I will put in request today.
Patti x39106
Can you please let me know when Beth will have her new Houston log-in set up 
and what it will be so that I can have her emails and H://drive tranferred 
over?
Thanks
Janine
Thanks for your help.  This should work well, assuming Chris and Steve are 
available.  Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you tomorrow.  I will be in 
touch on details  
The name of the restaurant that I liked for lunch was Christophers.  It is at 
Victoria Station, or in the lobby of what was or is a hotel at Victoria 
Station.  Quick walk from the office.  Apparently, there is another location 
at Covent Gardens 
Dinner last night was fun.  It is always great to see you either in Houston 
or London.  Sorry that our goodbye was so abrupt.  I think that the taxi 
driver was afraid that we would get him killed!  I called home last night and 
told Amanda about our discussion on a day in Paris.  She is ready!!
Let us know when you will next be in Houston.  I should be here quarterly probably head back in March or April.  --Sally 
Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on 
my calendar tentatively.  I got a message from Shona trying to schedule a 
trip to Mexico and she thought that the week of February 5th looked good.  I 
assume that she checked with you and that my calendar looked clear.  While I 
have not yet made a decision on attending the NY seminar, I do need to hold 
those dates.  I left Shona a message telling her that the week of February 19 
would be better.  --Sally 
Thanks.  This will definitely help me.  --Sally 
Sally, 
I just learned that the deadline for merit allocations has been extended by 
one more day to Tuesday the 23rd by 3 PM. 
hgm
Silly as it may seem, have Brian Heinrich dig up a copy of the form that we 
used last year for headcount addtions.  Let's complete those for these 
positions and have Fred and Scott Neal sign them.  They need to understand 
the addtional cost associated with these requests.  They will forget later in 
the year if they aren't making much money 
Do you agree that these positions are needed and will add value?  --Sally 
Jeffrey C Gossett
01/18/2001 09:29 AM
Sally -
Fred would like me to hire an additional person to strictly focus on his 
deals across all commodities.  He says that his people don't have time to 
look at these reports.  Also,  Scott Neal wants 11 new physical books on the 
east region.  This will require at least two more risk people,  and probably 
two new OA people.  We told him that yesterday,  and he was fine with that.
Haven't had the chance to look at the UT presentation yet.  That will make 
good airplane material tomorrow.  If I make any changes I will try to fax 
pages to you after David picks me up at the airport tomorrow.  If I don't 
make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you 
know that.  My schedule has been really full here, but very productive 
Thanks for your comments.,  I must admit, I am really excited about the 
promotion.  We can talk next week about what I hope to accomplish during this 
next year and where my major focus will be.  It will be helpful for you to 
know and understand that as we work together to make that happen.  I am 
certainly glad that you are here - my flight to London reminded me of your 
arrival about this time last year as I was heading to London.  Luckily a 
different reason for the trip this year, but still hectic.  I expect it to be 
a busy year 
You will notice that I have blocked some times on my calendar to get reviews 
written and delivered.  Target is to be finished  by the end of January 
I will talk with you on Friday afternoon and see you on Monday.  --Sally 
Sally,
Have you had a chance to look at UT presentation for Monday?  I will need to 
email final copy to Lexi by Monday morning (her flight is 2:00 PM) and she 
would like a cd for backup.  I can handle that.  She has supplied me with new 
dates for last page.  If you get a chance to review - just fax pages to me at 
713-345-8100.  If not, I can work on it monday morning.
Again, I am so happy for you.  It's such a BIG deal to be promoted to MD Please share any thoughts you might have with me on how this affects my role 
as your assistant and what I can do to better assist you.  You know, this job 
that I have now with you is the job I have waited for all my life.  It is 
challenging, fast-paced, and has a lot of potential for growth.  You make me 
feel like I the work I am doing is important and valuable.   I have an 
enormous amount of respect for you as a person and of the work that you do 
and know that I am extremely lucky to have this job 
Patti
Thanks for your note.  I will copy Patti on this reply and ask her to set us 
up for lunch when I am back from London.  --Sally 
Sally,
Congratulations!!  Very much deserved!
I hope everything else is going well.  Let's try to do lunch soon.
Kristin
Technology is wonderful - I can log on here in the London office just as I do 
in Houston.  I feel very in touch.  Sounds like you have been busy - I think 
that the variety of items for the Sunday meeting sounds good.   Thanks for 
taking care of all of this 
London is cold but sunny - so very nice.  I do love coming here - hope to 
make the trip once a quarter this year.  I will be back at home by Friday 
evening, so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the 
meeting.  Otherwise I will see you on Sunday. 
Too bad that Nancy doesn't want the input from  the girls on presentation.  I 
think that taking likes and dislikes would be good - no commitment to make 
changes that the girls' might suggest, but I think that it would be wonderful 
to have their input.  They are the honorees.  Oh, well .....as you say, this 
is volunteer work and probably not worth getting too worked up over the whole 
thing.  --Sally 
Sally:? Hope all is well in London, it could not be more  "soupy", rainy or 
overcast than it has been here.? Sunday is shaping  up...Nancy at Elegant 
Accessories by Nancy has a presentation for us, but is  unable to give it due 
to market or show or something.? I will pick it up  from her and run through 
it on Sunday.? I am trying to get Debbie VanDyke  to do Habitat and the lady 
from Applause to come.? Have been working on  form for Nominations...The 
meeting is at Nancy Galante's house, I have spoken to  her about the girls 
listing favorite things from Sat. pm and she was (nicely)  opposed to that, 
as the girls really only get limited choices---oops.? She  did tell me, 
however, that three girls have already selected dresses...(are we  already 
behind?) and she will speak briefly on dresses and registration and ask  for 
questions.
At Mondays patroness meeting (which was pretty non-newsy), I  gave all Jr. 
moms a "heads-up"? that March meeting would be at dress  shop,or bridal shop, 
and that they would be invited, just for scheduling  purposes.
?
I have spoken with Barb Lindsey..a NCL member whose husband is  with Houston 
Police Dept.? He is realitivly cool, as far as a dad police  combo, but does 
have girl and boy twins in college, so he knows  teen-agers.? He is willing 
to talk to girls about what to do in case of  accident, when to leave your 
car, safety and so on...thought we could tie that  in with car maintenance 
meeting.
?
I will let you know as the Sunday plans progress, I am afraid  that this is 
going to be a "catch-all".? Know you are busy, no need to  respond, call 
Friday pm or Saturday if you have questions.
?
Linda
Thanks for your nice note.  It is always interesting to scan the list and do 
a count of other females names.  Were not too many on this latest list.  We 
will have to work on changing that.  --Sally 
Jean Mrha@
01/17/2001 11:59 AM
Sally,
Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is well deserved 
and most appropriate.  In addition,  it always warms my heart when I see a 
woman promoted to the highest rank in our company 
, Jean
Draft report for tomorrow.  We have cleared the findings with Mike Jordan, 
Marcelo Parra, and Lou Colarusso, and will clear the report with them after 
we discuss it tomorrow.
Please let me know if this is not what you wanted.
The flight was uneventful, although I didn't sleep very much.  Weather here 
is cold but clear, so I am enjoying it.  Very useful trip - they have my 
schedule very full, including dinners every night.  I will be in the office 
through end of day Thursday, and then dinner with Fernley Thursday night.  I 
will be in route to Houston on Friday - catching a 9:00am flight (told the 
kids that I would be at the airport at 2:00 am Houston time to start back 
home 
We are not going to follow the Kean/Olson memo on communicating ratings.  We 
will only communicate Needs Improvement and Issues.  There will be differing 
messages for needs improvement which fit the situation - some need to hear 
that they are not performing at a high enough level relative to peers to help 
us achieve business goals or for them to considered for a bonus (may need to 
find another role within or outside Enron which is a better fit).  Message to 
someone new to Enron in that category should be different.  Glad they are 
here; believe that as they learn the organization and their job that they 
will be able to make significant contributions; doing the right thing to 
learn the business, but that contributions to date are not significant enough 
to warrant payment of a bonus 
Thanks for getting everyone on the same page on this.  --Sally 
Bob M Hall@
01/16/2001 05:37 PM
Hope you had a good flight to London and that the trip is going well.
Just a quick question about communication of rankings.  ARE WE 
Hector seems to think not, yet the memo from Steve and Cindy says something
about sat and needs improvement.
Just let me and I'll make sure we are all on the same page.
thanks
bob
This will work well, assuming Steve and Chris are available.  Hopefully, Lexi 
will have their resumes for you tomorrow.   Thanks for your help.  I will be 
in touch on details 
I assume that this request relates to corporate functions under Rick.  As of 
this moment, my team and I have not yet been granted access to merit 
information in the comp system.  I am in London this week, but have been in 
touch with my HR rep each day.  Latest word is that he aniticipates that we 
will be able to access merit worksheets sometime today.  Our deadline to 
submit merit increases is Monday, January 22.  SInce it is already after 
lunch on Wednesday here in London and we do not yet have access to the 
system, it is likely that my direct reports will work on merits over the next 
two days.  Since I will be in the air on Friday, it will be Monday before I 
have the opportunity to review all inputs from my direct reports and finalize 
merits.  --Sally 
Melissa Becker@
01/16/2001 03:34 PM
Rick has asked that I help him ensure that we all finish up our merit 
increases in time for the new deadline of this Friday, January 19.
1.  Could you please "submit" by the end of the day tomorrow, Wednesday, 
January 17?  Then Rick and I can review and get back with you with any 
changes 
2.  If you could leave me a voice mail or eMail when you are finished, I 
would appreciate it.  I am moving back to the Enron building and will get 
back my old number (X36641) effective tomorrow.
3.  In addition, we are interested in your thoughts on the merit process 
overall, both for yourself and for your groups.  In general, it seems like a 
lot of "administration" for some pretty small numbers.  What are your 
thoughts - do you like the current process or would less frequent, larger 
increases be preferable (assuming we could make that change in the larger 
overall Enron framework)?
Please call me or Andrea Yowman (x31477) with any questions.  Thanks for your 
help!
I am in the London office this week, so I won't be able to attend 
01/16/2001 04:40 PM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@
01/16/2001 04:40 PM
01/16/2001 04:40 PM
Happy Hour
Please join us for a CommodityLogic Off-site January 17th at Kenneally's 
begining at 6:00pm.
We will be welcoming all the new additions to the team and saying farewell to 
those who have moved off to other projects.  Please plan on attending.  If 
you have any questions, please contact Maria x35586 or Brenda x31914.
Congratulations on the baby - August seems like  a long time away, but given 
how quickly time passes at Enron, you will be there before you know it.  I 
would be glad to visit with you about other opportunities at Enron sometime I am in the London office this week, but will be back in the office the week 
of the 22nd.  Give Patti a call if you would like to get together and visit 
about options.  --Sally 
Things are going well...My wife and I are expecting in early August.  Other 
than that I've been busy with my RAC Compliance duties.  I haven't started 
yet, but I am interested in exploring other career opportunities at Enron Any ideas?
Hopefully, those guys would stand out in the Woodlands like a sore thumb and 
would choose to go elsewhere.  Would be nice to have them behind bars, 
however. Doesn't make George W.'s record on executions look like such a bad 
idea, does it 
I left Houston on Sunday afternoon.  Any new news on those 7?  --Sally 
Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/16/2001 12:53 PM
Nope - we're fine. Thanks.
The only thing we need is for the Texas police to catch the inmates on the 
run - that's making Jo pretty nervous.
B.
Sally Beck@ECT
01/16/01 12:46 PM
Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home.  I appreciate 
your nice thoughts 
I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could 
bring back for you?  Just let me know.  I will be back in the office next 
Monday, the 22nd.  --Sally 
Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/13/2001 11:38 AM
Congrats Sal - very very well deserved.
You are a top class colleague.
Barry.
For now, have her boxes delivered to the spot behind your desk.  I sent Wes a 
message and copied you on that.  I can't remember the name of the person who 
works for Wes that handles moves.   Lisa filled in for her while she was out 
on medical leave.  She is back.  Can you get with her right away and see what 
you can come up with?  Best situation would be for Beth to sit near me 
Also, Bob Hall has someone who is coordinating space needs for us now that 
Lisa is gone.  Can you check with her, too 
Also, Jeff Shankman called me last week to ask how we could speed up our 
(Energy Ops) move off of 30.  I don't know who is left on 30.  Can you get 
the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 
so that I can get back with Jeff this week?  Thanks. --Sally 
Sally,
Beth's assistant is wanting to know where Beth will be sitting - where they 
are to ship her boxes.  Any ideas or anything you want me to do regarding 
this?
PT
Hi Patti,
This will probably be the first of many emails in the next couple of weeks.
Do you have a location as to where Beth will be sitting over there?  We'll be 
packing up her boxes soon to ship over and for future post etc.
Also, she will need a new extension number.  She would most definately prefer 
an 853 number and if you can use her VP status to help her get one if they 
refuse (her words) then that would be great.  Her old number was 853-5521 
although someone else may have that now.
Thank you for your help.  It is very much appreciated.
Janine
Any room at the inn?  I am looking for a spot for Beth Apollo.  She will be 
working with me, starting on January 29th in Houston.  --Sally 
I am in London this week, but if you have any ideas Patti can follow through 
while I am out 
Sally,
Beth's assistant is wanting to know where Beth will be sitting - where they 
are to ship her boxes.  Any ideas or anything you want me to do regarding 
this?
PT
Hi Patti,
This will probably be the first of many emails in the next couple of weeks.
Do you have a location as to where Beth will be sitting over there?  We'll be 
packing up her boxes soon to ship over and for future post etc.
Also, she will need a new extension number.  She would most definately prefer 
an 853 number and if you can use her VP status to help her get one if they 
refuse (her words) then that would be great.  Her old number was 853-5521 
although someone else may have that now.
Thank you for your help.  It is very much appreciated.
Janine
Thanks for your e:mail message and your voice mail at home.  I appreciate 
your nice thoughts 
I am in London all week - is there anything that you or Jo need that I could 
bring back for you?  Just let me know.  I will be back in the office next 
Monday, the 22nd.  --Sally 
Barry Pearce @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/13/2001 11:38 AM
Congrats Sal - very very well deserved.
You are a top class colleague.
Barry.
Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that everyone in the group sees this as a 
recognition of the value of the role that we play within Enron.  That will 
help us in attracting and retaining talented people, which makes my job 
easier and more fun.  --Sally 
Susan Harrison
01/16/2001 12:14 PM
Congratulations on your promotion!  I'm very happy for you.  It's good to see 
the recognition for leadership in commercial support roles.
,
Susan
I have reviewed my section of Causey's presentation ( to be given by Brenda) 
and all looks fine except for page with world map.  Can we add Portland to 
the map?  That is the true trading location that is missing.  If it is tough 
to do, don't worry about it.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Thanks for your nice note.  I have fun being here, which makes all of this 
even better!  --Sally 
Sally
Congrats on your promotion to MD.  If anyone around this place deserves it, 
it's you!!  Hope all is well.
I am so sorry about the fire.  That must be awful -- but I am so glad that no 
one was hurt.  I had not heard about it until Mo called me today.  Please let 
me know if there is anything that I can do.  Do you need me to get you 
anything over here and ship it to London 
I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next 
week.  I know that you must have hundreds of details to handle 
My plan right now is to be off the week of Thanksgiving.   My nanny will be 
on vacation that whole week so that she can make a trip out of town.  I may 
do some work early in the week, but likely from home.  The week after 
Thanksgiving I am supposed go to Wellesley College (Boston area) to interview 
for the analyst program.  I am due at a reception on Monday night (November 
27) and I will interview on Tuesday (November 28).  Assuming that I can get a 
flight back on Tuesday night, I will be in the office here in Houston 
Wednesday through Friday that week.  Would that work?  Sorry I am out so much 
in the next few weeks.  Just let me know.  --Sally 
Please check on those marked below
Sally,
Here are some places I can check:
Solero Lancaster Grill
Sambuca
Tosca's Post Oak Grill Angelika Cafe & Bar
Let me know if any of these are not an option or if you have any other ideas.
PT
Thanks for doing this.  I plan to come to London once a quarter.  I will have 
to choose my dates well in advance since these flights seem to be so full --Sally 
Done.  New seat number:  10A
PT
Let's try the last row window seat.  Thanks 
Sally,
Per Catherine at Travel Agency in the Park, bulkhead seats were all that were 
available when she booked flight 3 or 4 weeks ago.  Says those particular 
flights have gotten quite popular lately.  Only other option for return:
Same isle (E)
- Row 8 (also bulkhead, but maybe not as noisy)
- Last row window seat (doesn't recline as much as other seats)
If you like either of these better that existing seat, let me know & I change 
it.
PT
Thanks - a nice start to the year.  --Sally 
James Scribner@
01/16/2001 11:35 AM
CONGRATULATIONS 
Thanks for your nice note.  I certainly follow your career with interest 
I have been meaning to call to tell you how much we enjoyed getting the 
wedding picture with your Christmas card.  What a great picture - you look 
beautiful and happy.  Meagan and Amanda particularly enjoyed seeing it.  My 
best laid plans for Christmas cards became a limited vision this year - only  
managed to get them in the mail to people outside of Houston.  Maybe next 
year 
I am in your old stomping grounds this week -- London.  I will see Mo 
tomorrow night for dinner and to catch up on her life 
See you next week!  --Sally 
Thanks for your note on the promotion.  This was definitely a goal and is 
very rewarding to get there 
I would love to talk with you about your second rotation.  In fact, I 
mentioned you to Jesus Melendrez just last week.  He works with John Thompson 
and Scott Josey in the upstream capital markets group (producer finance).  I 
filled him in on the Energy Management degree and told him that I thought 
that his group should talk with you about a possible rotation 
I am in the London office this week.  Call Patti and ask her to schedule  a 
time for us to get together next week when I am back in the office to talk 
about rotations.   I will look forward to it. 
Definitely put January 31 on your calendar for a tour of Enron Field and 
dinner (someplace downtown with heat -- any suggestions?).  Patti is working 
on some of the details this week for us to host Ted Jacobs and about 14 of 
his students while they are in town for NAPE.  --Sally  
Sally,
Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  It is always 
encouraging to see dedication and strong leadership recognized.
Your success here at Enron certainly provides a great example for individuals 
beginning their professional careers.  I certainly appreciate
the interest  and guidance you have provided in my career at Enron.
As you know, I am approaching the end of my rotation in Texas Risk.  As I 
began the search for my next rotation I would like to start by
leaning on your insight and advice.  I have gained valuable knowledge while 
serving in Texas Risk,  but I do not believe that trading is the direction
I want to take.  I know that your schedule is ever tight, but I would like to 
discuss potential rotations at your convenience.
Thanks,
Jody
Let's try the last row window seat.  Thanks 
Sally,
Per Catherine at Travel Agency in the Park, bulkhead seats were all that were 
available when she booked flight 3 or 4 weeks ago.  Says those particular 
flights have gotten quite popular lately.  Only other option for return:
Same isle (E)
- Row 8 (also bulkhead, but maybe not as noisy)
- Last row window seat (doesn't recline as much as other seats)
If you like either of these better that existing seat, let me know & I change 
it.
PT
Thanks for your note on the promotion 
Patti is beginning to work on details for the 1/31 tour of Enron Field and 
dinner for Ted and his students from OU.  She should contact you for a list 
of recent OU grads so that we can get the invitation list together.  I hope 
that you have that date on your calendar!   I will ask MIke McConnell if he 
would like to join us, too 
Michelle:  This is a stab at something to include in the newsletter.  Will 
you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary?  I am in the London office 
this week, so e:mail is probably the best way to get in touch with me Thanks.  --Sally Beck 
Operational Risk Management was the topic of an information session held last 
week for all managers, directors, senior directors and vice presidents in ENW 
supporting trading operations for EA, EIM and EGM in Houston, Portland and 
Calgary.  Operations professionals who manage risk book reporting and 
anaylsis, confirmations, physical product scheduling and cash management 
reaffirmed their roles in effectively accessing, managing and mitigating 
operational risk.  This focus on operational risk management  will ensure the 
quality of EWS' earnings and support a platform for continuing growth across 
all commodities in 2001 
Thanks for you nice note.  I miss seeing you on 33.  Hope that all is going 
well for you.  --Sally 
Susan Skarness
01/16/2001 09:07 AM
Congratulations on your promotion to MD Sally!  That is wonderful and well 
deserved.
Susan
Thanks for your nice note.  I do hope that everyone on my team sees the 
promotion as recognition of the value of the roles that we perform.  All that 
should make it easier to attract and retain talented people that make my job 
easier and more fun 
I will ask Patti to schedule some time for us to get together when I am back 
in the office next Monday.  Have a good week.  ---Sally 
Thomas D Gros@
01/16/2001 08:38 AM
Congratulations on your promotion to MD 
In addition to being a great personal achievement,  your promotion helps to 
raise the awareness of the importance of the tasks performed by you and your 
team 
I look forward to speaking with you upon your return from Europe.
All the best,
Tom
It's late and I am out of paper.  Please print message and attachment for me 
for Tuesday morning.  Thanks. 
Bob Bowen
10/30/2000 09:59 AM
I have attached the e-mail that Ron Nolte sent to the Deal Clearing user 
community regarding the meeting
that is scheduled for November 16-17.   Please note that this is a meeting 
organized by the IT community, not
the user community.
As you may remember, Stephen Schwarz organized a similar meeting last fall in 
order to provide the IT group
with an agenda of what projects the user community considered to be priority 
projects.  However, the arrival of
EOL greatly altered the IT resources available to concentrate on those 
priority projects.  Today, the deal 
clearing community is struggling to get IT resources due to new systems such 
as ClickPaper.com, Commodity
Logic, project Thunderball  and a new weather capture and confirmation 
system.  This has created some internal 
conflict since each user group supported by the IT deal clearing applications 
group is requesting that their projects 
be set as the top priority project 
This is a quick outline of the challenges facing both the deal clearing user 
community and the IT group supporting
this group.  I would be happy to discuss any questions you have about either 
the meeting or these challenges.
Ron Nolte
10/19/2000 05:17 PM
The  emergence of web trading has important implications for deal clearing Meetings are scheduled for November 16-17 to discuss
these implications and to come to a consensus on a strategic solution for 
deal clearing 
Please plan to attend or designate someone who can represent you.
Attached please find a tentative schedule for the meetings.
Additional information will follow.
Please feel free to address any questions you might have  regarding these 
meetings to  Sarita Das ( 713 345-8232 ) or Ron Nolte ( 713 853-7569 
Thanks for your nice note.  --Sally 
Congrats on a well deserved promotion.
Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that within my team that they see the 
promotion as an indication that the work that we do is recognized as 
meaningful.  All of that helps me in recruiting and retaining talented people 
that make my job easier and more fun 
Patricia A Lee@EES
01/16/2001 08:11 AM
Sally,
I just saw the announcement and wanted to offer my comgratualtions.  I think 
that's great.  I have always admired your leadership and clear thinking.  I'm 
glad Enron recognizes your contributions.
Patty
Thanks for your nice note.  Haven't seen you in a while - hope that all is 
going well for you.  --Sally 
Congratulations on your latest achievement!  It's great that you are 
recognized for all your hard work and dedication 
Sincerely  rl
Thanks for your note.  I hope that things are going well for you at EBS.  I 
know that it must be busy.  --Sally 
Richard Weeks@MUNICATIONS
01/16/2001 08:04 AM
Sally:
Long time no see.
Wanted to congratulate you on your recent promotion.  Way to go.
Richard Weeks
ENRON BROADBAND SERVICES
PURCHASING PROCESSING MANAGER
OFFICE:713-853-6995
CELL:713-516-2581
EMAIL:RICHARD_WEEKS@.NET
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  What a nice recognition 
of your contributions to the success of EnronOnline.  --Sally 
Had trouble finding your e:mail address the first time around for this memo 
I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been 
able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday 
for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for 
merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our 
instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my 
direct reports access to the system so that they can input their 
recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions 
and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would 
like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this 
process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market 
data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but 
will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have 
to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for 
exceptions on everything 
What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where 
you can reach me.  Thanks 
I can access the global compensation system from London.  Today I have been 
able to log on and to review as read only the info that I submitted on Friday 
for bonus and LTI.  I assume that I will be able to access the screens for 
merits as well.  Please get back with me via e:mail and let me know our 
instructions and time deadlines for merit increases.  I will want to give my 
direct reports access to the system so that they can input their 
recommendations.  I will also want to send them an e:mail with instructions 
and expectations.  Having asked for more funds for the bonus pool, I would 
like for us to be within the guidelines for merit increases.  Outside this 
process, we can address any increases that may be warranted given the market 
data gathered by Todd Burke.  We can process those agreed upon requests, but 
will not include those dollars within our merit totals.  That way, won't have 
to request additional dollars for these worksheets.  Better not to ask for 
exceptions on everything 
What is the word on bonus dollars?  Is everything finalized as I submitted Let me know.  If we need to talk directly, contact Patti for a number where 
you can reach me.  Thanks 
Thanks for your nice note.  I hope that you are having fun in your new role We will have to schedule lunch so that I can catch up on what you are doing 
now.  --Sally 
Jordan Mintz
01/15/2001 04:12 PM
Sally: Just a short note to congratulate you on your well-deserved promotion. 
I always thought you had the toughest job in the Company; I guess everybody 
else finally caught on!
Jordan
Thanks for your nice note.  I am pleased for all of us at the increased 
recognition of the roles that we play within the organizaiton.  My ability to 
do my job well is very dependent on those of you who play key roles in 
operations.  Thanks for your part in that and for your continued support --Sally 
Sally,
I am so excited for you and your promotion.  I have had the privilege to see 
the impact you have made on this organization, and I am very glad to see you 
get the rewards you well deserve.  You simply amaze me, and I have such a 
tremendous amount of respect for you and your contributions and values.
CONGRATULATIONS 
Brenda
Thanks for your note.  Yes, this definitely starts the year off nicely.  Hope 
your holidays were wonderful and that 2001 is a good year for you and your 
family, too.  --Sally 
Enjoy the trip.  Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation 
on Captiva Island 
Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week.  It 
will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff.  Yes, the bed and 
changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue (not bright) trim 
on the bed and maple only on the changing table.  Our bedding could probably 
go either way, boy or girl.  If I remember correctly, the bumpers are red 
ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue 
chambray and red bandana trim.  It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a 
look when you are here.  We also have a beautiful cradle (with bedding) for 
you to look at and a great baby swing.  As the baby gets older, we also have 
an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers 
I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies (yes, she does those, 
too!), as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items 
in them 
Yes, good news on Dad.  I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication 
will kick in and he will see some improvement.  It is highly likely that the 
infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had.  It is just 
great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started.  I think 
that he dodged a bullet on this one 
We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving.  No big plans 
yet.  I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night.  I 
have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November 
birthdays that evening.  Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday 
so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day (always a great 
day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving!).  I 
will have the whole week off from work.  The kids are off starting on 
Wednesday.  It is possible that on Friday, David, Amanda and Tyler may drive 
to Longview to have a visit with his mom and family.  If you can stay, we 
could really plan something fun if I an partially childless!!
Hello!   I'm off to the seashelling capital of the world 
Here's my travel itinerary should anyone need to reach me:
Going:
Wednesday, Nov. 8
Delta 1258 to Atlanta - leave 9:15 A.M.
Delta 1920 to Ft. Myers,  Florida
arrive florida 3:35 P.M.
Return:
Sunday, Nov. 12
Delta 1677 to Atlanta
Delta 4741 to Austin
arrive Austin 6:30 P.M.
Staying at Sanibel Harbour Resort & Spa in Ft. Myers, Fla
941-466-4000
I won't have my cell phone with me, so if you need to reach me, leave a
message for me.   My roommate, should they not be able to locate my name, is
Laura Suarez.   We're all with the loud and overly-extroverted USTA group.
Should you need to reach Chris, call his work no. at 477-8787 and they will
be able to tell you how he can be reached in Singapore.    Wanna call Erica?
She's having her last hurrah at the farm - so I wouldn't disturb her if you
know what's good for you.
Cara White
Community Development Coordinator
USTA Texas Section
1-888-883-6388
cWhite@texas.usta.com
Patti:  Please forward this message to Tom Hopwood. =20
Tom:  The good (or bad) news was that I was here late enough to see the memo=20
come out on e:mail Friday night.  Most will see this on Tuesday after the=20
holiday.  I did get a few calls tonight from a hardy few that were still here=20
in the office.  I will call you when I am back from London.  Thanks for all=20
of your help this week on the two meetings.  --Sally=20
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
The Managing Director PRC Committee met this week to elect individuals to=20
Managing Director and Vice President positions.  These employees are=20
recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization, whose individual=20
efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the=20
company.  We are pleased to announce the election of the following new=20
Managing Directors and Vice Presidents.  Please join us in congratulating=20
these individuals on their new appointments.
Managing Director =01) Commercial
Phillip K. Allen, ENA (EWS) West Gas Trading - Houston
Franklin R. Bay, EBS Entertainment on Demand - Houston
Timothy N. Belden, ENA (EWS) =01) West Power Trading - Portland
Michael R. Brown, EEL =01) Executive - London
Christopher F. Calger, ENA (EWS) West Power Origination - Portland
Joseph M. Deffner, ENA (EWS) Treasury & Funding - Houston
Timothy J. Detmering, ENA (EWS) Corporate Development - Houston
William D. Duran, ENA (EWS) Generation Investments - Houston
Robert S. Gahn, EES Commodity Structuring - Houston
Kevin C. Garland, EBS Broadband Ventures - Houston
Ben F. Glisan, Jr., Corporate =01) Global Equity Markets - Houston
Robert E. Hayes, ETS COMM Marketing - Houston
Phillip R. Milnthorp, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination & Trading - Calgary
Managing Director =01) Commercial Support
Sally W. Beck, ENW (EWS) Energy Operations Management - Houston
Fernley Dyson, EEL Finance & Support Services - London
Vice President =01) Commercial
Gregory Adams, EES MMC Management - Houston
Robert Bayley, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Jack D. Boatman, ETS Market Development =01) Houston
Rhenn Cherry, EES Assets/Labor =01) Houston
Niamh Clarke, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Peter Crilly, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Derek J. Davies, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Calgary
Mark D. Davis, Jr., ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
Charles Delacey, Corporate Finance =01) Houston
Paul Devries, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Toronto
Christopher H. Foster, ENA (EWS) West Power Trading =01) Portland
Jeffrey F. Golden, EES Corporate Development =01) Houston
Michael D. Grigsby, ENA West Gas Trading Group - Houston
Troy A. Henry, EES Bundled Sales-Heavy Industrial =01) Houston
Rogers Herndon, ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
James W. Lewis, EES Underwriting =01) Houston
Christopher Mahoney, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Andrew Marsden, EBS Broadband Ventures =01) London
John McClain, EBS Broadband Wholesale Origination =01) Houston
Kevin J. McGowan, EGM (EWS) American Coal =01) Houston
Albert E. McMichael, Jr., ENA (EWS) Gas Commodity Structuring =01) Houston
Ermes I. Melinchon, Central America Origination =01) Houston
Steven R. Meyers, EES Consumption =01) Houston
Lloyd D. Miller, ENA (EWS) Portfolio Management =01) Houston
Michael A. Miller, Wind Development / Execution-General Administration =01)=20
Houston
Marcello Romano, EBS EEL-Broadband Trading =01) London
David A. Samuels, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline - Houston
Per A. Sekse, EGM (EWS) Global Risk Markets =01) New York
Edward S. Smida, EBS Video on Demand =01) Houston
Mark Tawney, EGM (EWS) Weather Trading =01) Houston
Jon Thomsen, EBS Business Development =01) Latin America/Canada =01) Portland
Barry L. Tycholiz, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination - Houston
Frank W. Vickers, ENA (EWS) East Gas Origination =01) Houston
Amit Walia, Corporate, Corporate Development =01) Houston
William White, EBS Global Bandwidth Risk Mgmt =01) Houston
Jonathan Whitehead, EEL EA Trading =01) Japan
Mark Whitt, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination =01) Denver
John A. Zufferli, ENA (EWS) Canada Power Trading - Calgary
Vice President =01) Commercial Support
Beth Apollo, EEL Financial Operations Executive =01) London
Marla Barnard, EBS Human Resources =01) Houston
Karen L. Denne, Corporate, Public Relations =01) Houston
Georganne M. Hodges, ENA (EWS) Trading, Origination & Power Plant Accounting=20
=01) Houston
Phillip Lord, EEL Transaction Support =01) London
Peggy Mahoney, EES Marketing =01) Communication =01) Houston
Steven Montovano, Corporate, Government & Regulatory Affairs =01) Dublin
Laura Scott, ENA (EWS) Canada Accounting =01) Calgary
Richard C. Sherman, ENA (EWS) Transaction Support =01) Houston
Gregory W. Stubblefield, EES Financial Planning & Reporting =01) Houston
Dennis D. Vegas, CALME International Public Relations =01) Houston
Vice President =01) Specialized Technical=20
Sami Arap Sobrinho, ESA (EWS) Legal =01) Houston
Merat Bagha, EBS Sales Engineering =01) Houston
Justin Boyd, EEL Legal =01) London
Mary Nell Browning, EBS Legal =01) London
Jonathan Chapman, EEL Legal =01) London
Robert D. Eickenroht, Corporate, Legal =01) Houston
Mark Evans, EEL Legal =01) London
David Forster, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline =01) Houston
Janine Juggins, EEL Tax =01) London
Peter C. Keohane, ENA (EWS) Canada Legal =01) Calgary
Pinnamaneni V. Krishnarao, ENA (EWS) Research Group =01) Houston
Travis C. McCullough, ENA (EWS) Finance Origination, Mergers/Acquisitions =01)=20
Houston
Michael Popkin, ESA (EWS) SA- Risk Management/Network Integration =01) Houston
Elizabeth A. Sager, ENA (EWS) Physical Trading =01) Houston
Richard B. Sanders, ENA (EWS) Litigation =01) Houston
John W. Schwartzenburg, EECC Legal =01) Houston
Michael D. Smith, EES Legal =01) Houston
Marcus Vonbock Und Polach, EEL Legal =01) London
Jay C. Webb, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline Systems =01) Houston
Vice President =01) Technical
Donald R. Hawkins, ETS Quality Management =01) Houston
John R. Keller, ETS Engineering & Construction =01) Houston
The promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to 
mention it when we talked this afternoon.  Congratulations on your promotion 
to managing director!  --Sally 
The promotional memo came out a couple of hours too late for me to be able to 
mention it to you on the phone this afternoon.  Congratulations on your 
promotion to Managing Director.  --Sally 
Congratulations on your promotion to Managing Director.  I have the dubious 
honor of being here late enough on Friday night to have seen the arrival of 
the promotional memo via e:mail.  I will be in the London office next week 
and I believe that we have some time scheduled together.  I look forward to 
the chance to visit with you then.  --Sally 
Just wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I will be in the London 
office during the week of January 15.  I will arrive just after lunch on 
Monday and plan to be there through Thursday.  Much of my time will be spent 
with Fernley and Mike Jordan 
If you have a few minutes while I am in town, it would be great to get with 
you to hear if there is anything that is of particular concern or interest to 
you in supporting the continuing growth of your business in 2001.  I will 
stop by while I am in the office.  --Sally  
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President.  Well deserved, and a 
nice recognition of your contributions to the success of the Calgary office --Sally 
Congratulations on your promotion to Vice President!  Well deserved and a 
nice way to cap off your stay in London.  I look forward to celebrating with 
you in London next week.  --Sally 
I will be working in the London office Monday through Thursday, January 15 18 and will be be flying back to Houston on Friday, January 19.  My 
assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), has a contact numbers for me in London I will be checking voice mail and e:mail regularly while I am there 
Key contacts in Houston next week will be:
DPR and MPR   Shona Wilson   x39123
Gas Operations   Jeff Gossett    x37306 (in Chicago office Jan. 16 & 17) 
Bob Hall    x36956
Power Operations  Stacey White   x31870
Leslie Reeves   x37962
Cathy:  I will be working in the London office during the week of January 15, 
so I will not be at the staff meeting on January 16.  --Sally 
Just a reminder that the next EGM weekly staff meeting will take place on 
Tuesday, January 16th, from 8:30 - 9:30 a.m., in video conference room EB 
30C1.  Due to the company holiday in observance of Martin Luther King day on 
Monday, January 15th, the staff meeting has changed dates and locations for 
next week only.  The staff meetings will resume their regular schedule on 
Monday, January 22nd, in EB 32C2, and will continue on a weekly basis on 
every Monday at the same time and location unless notified otherwise.  The 
schedule for the next two weeks is as follows:
Tuesday, January 16th 8:30 - 9:30 a.m.  EB 30C1
Monday, January 22nd  8:30 - 9:30 a.m.  EB 32C2
Please let me know if you will be unable to attend the meeting on Tuesday, 
January 16th.  Thank you.
Cathy Phillips
X-36898
I don't think that the doorstep reviews are the right venue for this.  I 
believe that to address what seems to be David's concerns would be better 
handled with an appropriate person deemed to lead a special project in a 
directed timeframe with a well defined scope.  We purposefully utilize 
differing personal on the doorstep reviews and it would seem that concerns 
over proper valuation should be addresses in a timeframe that is not 
dependent on the schedule of doorstep reviews around the world 
Whatever we need to do, we should do.
Shona Wilson
01/12/2001 12:26 PM
Doorstep is a joint MRM RAC and Energy Ops review process.  If we want to 
include a full review of all the mtm methodologies we need to start building 
this into the doorsteps by ensuring that the RAC person attending the 
doorstep has the relevant experience to perform this review and that the time 
scheduled to do the review is adequate.
I am getting a strong sense that there are many holes, patches and 
workarounds in the upstream risk systems, relating to their ability to 
reflect accurately the valuation, and the risk attached to the products that 
get traded.
I would like to use the doorstep process and the risk review process to 
establish precisely what those holes are, if we don't already know. Here is 
an example:
"All of our systems value options at-the-money, regardless of moneyness True or False ?
Can you please include this concept in those exercises. The aim is, at least 
by the end of Q1 we can put our hands on a summary of everything.
Thanks
DP
Mark Frevert has reviewed the attached addition to the upcoming 
organizational memo and has asked that I forward it to you to be included This would be included in the section under Commercial Support, added as an 
additional bullet point beneath the one that addresses Business Analysis and 
Reporting (I believe that these bullet points are on Page 3 of the draft 
memo 
Please call me at x35926 if you have any questions 
Please print attachment and make sure that e:mail addresses are included for 
the students.  Call Ted if any problems.  Thanks. We will need this to send 
invitations to students and Ted (plus some Enron folks) to a tour of Enron 
Field and dinner on January 31.  Let's talk about arranging details.  thanks. 
Sally,
I forgot to attach the list of students coming to NAPE.
Let me know if you have trouble opening it.
Have a good weekend.
Ted K. Jacobs
Director of Energy Management
The University of Oklahoma
307 West Brooks Room 218
Norman, OK 73019-4007
(405) 325-0758
(405) 325-2096 fax
E-mail: tjacobs@ou.edu
Website: www.ou.edu/business/em
- C.DTF
Leslie:  Can you attend this meeting for me?  I will be in London. 
Patti:  Can you get time and location for Leslie and let them know that she 
will be there instead of me?  Thanks. 
Attached is the agenda for the SAP Optimization Kick-Off meeting.  The 
following handouts will be provided at the meeting:
ISC Organization Chart 
ISC Solution Manager Bios
Template for business area 2001 SAP goals
Revised SLA
Copy of Remedy Report 
Copy of Maximize Dashboard
Customer Relations presentation
Please feel free to contact Rich Priska (x56069) or me with any questions Please RSVP to Margarite Cunningham (x56130).
Thank you,
Rebecca 
x56364
Yes, just call Wanda and let her know that Rick has asked that we add EES 
Houston to the Doorstep review schedule.  In keeping with other reviews, I 
would not necessarily give Wanda the dates.  We should also send a short memo 
to Kevin and Marty to fill them in on the process and purpose of the 
reviews.  I should probably send that to them.  Can you remind me when I am 
back in town the week of January 22?  Thanks 
Dear Sally,
Would you like me to get together with Wanda and determine how to break this 
news?
Thanks
Richard Causey
01/10/2001 05:45 PM
Absolutely.  We may need to let Kevin Hannon and Marty Sunde know this in 
advance.
Dear Rick & Rick,
Encompassed in the Doorstep schedule given to you during our last meeting 
were scheduled reviews for London and Houston EES offices.  Do you consider 
EES and EBS to be groups that should be scoped into the Doorstep reviews Since we have never addressed this specifically, I'd like to get your 
thoughts.
Thanks
Shona
I will be thinking about you and Brenda over the weekend and know that you 
will both be glad for her to return home.  I have mentioned to you before, 
Hector, that an Enron friend has dealt with a brain tumor successfully.  That 
is Barbara Gray, an attorney in ENA's Legal Department.  Barbara counsels 
patients and their families who are facing situations similar to hers.  If 
you feel like you would like to talk with someone who can understand on a 
more firsthand basis what you and Brenda are facing, I would encourage you to 
contact Barbara.  In addition to having been through her own battle with a 
brain tumor, she is simply a wonderful person whom I know you would enjoy 
meeting.  I have mentioned your situation to her, and she would certainly 
welcome a conversation with you 
I will be in the London office next week, so we will have to coordinate on 
merit increases from there.  I will be back in the office on Monday, January 
22.  -Sally  
I saw Brenda last night and she was doing very well.   We expect that she 
will remain in NICU until approx. this afternoon and it is hoped that she 
will be able to come home on Monday.   As Frank has probably already told 
you, the Surgeon could only remove 50% of the tumor.   He believes it was 
benign and we'll have confirmation today Brenda will need several MRI's and Gamma Knife therapy (radiation) 
treatments.   We don't know the particular demands of this therapy but, we do 
look forward to having it provide a long term solution I anticipate at this point that I will need to work from home or stay in 
touch from home on Monday and that I will be able to return to your good 
company on Tuesday.    I remain available and in touch via my cell phone, 
pager and e-mail.   Please don't hesitate to call.    Working with you is a 
welcome distraction. 
Thank you very much for you support and prayers.   I look forward to seeing 
you soon.
hgm
It will be good to use your knowledge of the business in helping EIM to 
grow.  I hope that you enjoy your new rotation.  --Sally 
Kim Stanley@
01/12/2001 10:11 AM
Sally,
I've decided to rotate within EIM from Trading to Origination.  Thanks for 
offering to help me.
Kim
I will be in London the week of January 15th.  I understand from Beth that 
you and Frank will be in Spain on Monday night.  Beth and I plan to have 
dinner that night.  Will you be back in town later in the week?  I have 
business plans for dinner on Tuesday and Thursday.  Could you make dinner on 
Wednesday night (the 17th)?  There is an Enron happy hour for Beth that I 
will stop by at 6:30 that night, but I expect to be free after that 
I have a belated Christmas gift for you.  Hope we can get together!  --Sally 
PS  Am staying at 47 Park 
Please put details of this meeting on my calendar.  Thanks. 
Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should 
have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and 
make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some 
prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we 
should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk 
books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on 
content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for 
us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
Shirley Tijerina@
01/12/2001 02:05 PM
The above meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, January 23 from 2:30pm 3:30pm in EB3321.
If you have any questions, please call me at X58113.
Thanks.
Please put this on your calendars - I would like for both of you to attend Should Jeff and Stacey be there, too?  This will be a meeting that we should 
have regularly with Wes and team so that can jointly review any exposures and 
make timely decisions on how to handle those.  I am sure that there is some 
prep work that needs to be done for this meeting.  I would assume that we 
should cover A/R, UA4, imbalances, weird or over/undervalued deals in risk 
books, OA, etc.  Can you work with Greg and Georgeanne ahead of time on 
content and have necessary back up to discuss highlights.  I would love for 
us take charge and lead this meeting.  --Sally 
Shirley Tijerina@
01/12/2001 02:05 PM
The above meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday, January 23 from 2:30pm 3:30pm in EB3321.
If you have any questions, please call me at X58113.
Thanks.
There isn't much to the memo, but this is it!  It came out well after the end=20
of the work day for most folks.  I believe that Patti has sent you my travel=20
plans for next week.  Have a great weekend!=20
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
The Managing Director PRC Committee met this week to elect individuals to=20
Managing Director and Vice President positions.  These employees are=20
recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization, whose individual=20
efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the=20
company.  We are pleased to announce the election of the following new=20
Managing Directors and Vice Presidents.  Please join us in congratulating=20
these individuals on their new appointments.
Managing Director =01) Commercial
Phillip K. Allen, ENA (EWS) West Gas Trading - Houston
Franklin R. Bay, EBS Entertainment on Demand - Houston
Timothy N. Belden, ENA (EWS) =01) West Power Trading - Portland
Michael R. Brown, EEL =01) Executive - London
Christopher F. Calger, ENA (EWS) West Power Origination - Portland
Joseph M. Deffner, ENA (EWS) Treasury & Funding - Houston
Timothy J. Detmering, ENA (EWS) Corporate Development - Houston
William D. Duran, ENA (EWS) Generation Investments - Houston
Robert S. Gahn, EES Commodity Structuring - Houston
Kevin C. Garland, EBS Broadband Ventures - Houston
Ben F. Glisan, Jr., Corporate =01) Global Equity Markets - Houston
Robert E. Hayes, ETS COMM Marketing - Houston
Phillip R. Milnthorp, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination & Trading - Calgary
Managing Director =01) Commercial Support
Sally W. Beck, ENW (EWS) Energy Operations Management - Houston
Fernley Dyson, EEL Finance & Support Services - London
Vice President =01) Commercial
Gregory Adams, EES MMC Management - Houston
Robert Bayley, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Jack D. Boatman, ETS Market Development =01) Houston
Rhenn Cherry, EES Assets/Labor =01) Houston
Niamh Clarke, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Peter Crilly, EEL-UK Origination =01) London
Derek J. Davies, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Calgary
Mark D. Davis, Jr., ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
Charles Delacey, Corporate Finance =01) Houston
Paul Devries, ENA (EWS) Canada Origination =01) Toronto
Christopher H. Foster, ENA (EWS) West Power Trading =01) Portland
Jeffrey F. Golden, EES Corporate Development =01) Houston
Michael D. Grigsby, ENA West Gas Trading Group - Houston
Troy A. Henry, EES Bundled Sales-Heavy Industrial =01) Houston
Rogers Herndon, ENA (EWS) East Power Trading =01) Houston
James W. Lewis, EES Underwriting =01) Houston
Christopher Mahoney, EGM (EWS) Liquids Trading =01) London
Andrew Marsden, EBS Broadband Ventures =01) London
John McClain, EBS Broadband Wholesale Origination =01) Houston
Kevin J. McGowan, EGM (EWS) American Coal =01) Houston
Albert E. McMichael, Jr., ENA (EWS) Gas Commodity Structuring =01) Houston
Ermes I. Melinchon, Central America Origination =01) Houston
Steven R. Meyers, EES Consumption =01) Houston
Lloyd D. Miller, ENA (EWS) Portfolio Management =01) Houston
Michael A. Miller, Wind Development / Execution-General Administration =01)=20
Houston
Marcello Romano, EBS EEL-Broadband Trading =01) London
David A. Samuels, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline - Houston
Per A. Sekse, EGM (EWS) Global Risk Markets =01) New York
Edward S. Smida, EBS Video on Demand =01) Houston
Mark Tawney, EGM (EWS) Weather Trading =01) Houston
Jon Thomsen, EBS Business Development =01) Latin America/Canada =01) Portland
Barry L. Tycholiz, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination - Houston
Frank W. Vickers, ENA (EWS) East Gas Origination =01) Houston
Amit Walia, Corporate, Corporate Development =01) Houston
William White, EBS Global Bandwidth Risk Mgmt =01) Houston
Jonathan Whitehead, EEL EA Trading =01) Japan
Mark Whitt, ENA (EWS) West Gas Origination =01) Denver
John A. Zufferli, ENA (EWS) Canada Power Trading - Calgary
Vice President =01) Commercial Support
Beth Apollo, EEL Financial Operations Executive =01) London
Marla Barnard, EBS Human Resources =01) Houston
Karen L. Denne, Corporate, Public Relations =01) Houston
Georganne M. Hodges, ENA (EWS) Trading, Origination & Power Plant Accounting=20
=01) Houston
Phillip Lord, EEL Transaction Support =01) London
Peggy Mahoney, EES Marketing =01) Communication =01) Houston
Steven Montovano, Corporate, Government & Regulatory Affairs =01) Dublin
Laura Scott, ENA (EWS) Canada Accounting =01) Calgary
Richard C. Sherman, ENA (EWS) Transaction Support =01) Houston
Gregory W. Stubblefield, EES Financial Planning & Reporting =01) Houston
Dennis D. Vegas, CALME International Public Relations =01) Houston
Vice President =01) Specialized Technical=20
Sami Arap Sobrinho, ESA (EWS) Legal =01) Houston
Merat Bagha, EBS Sales Engineering =01) Houston
Justin Boyd, EEL Legal =01) London
Mary Nell Browning, EBS Legal =01) London
Jonathan Chapman, EEL Legal =01) London
Robert D. Eickenroht, Corporate, Legal =01) Houston
Mark Evans, EEL Legal =01) London
David Forster, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline =01) Houston
Janine Juggins, EEL Tax =01) London
Peter C. Keohane, ENA (EWS) Canada Legal =01) Calgary
Pinnamaneni V. Krishnarao, ENA (EWS) Research Group =01) Houston
Travis C. McCullough, ENA (EWS) Finance Origination, Mergers/Acquisitions =01)=20
Houston
Michael Popkin, ESA (EWS) SA- Risk Management/Network Integration =01) Houston
Elizabeth A. Sager, ENA (EWS) Physical Trading =01) Houston
Richard B. Sanders, ENA (EWS) Litigation =01) Houston
John W. Schwartzenburg, EECC Legal =01) Houston
Michael D. Smith, EES Legal =01) Houston
Marcus Vonbock Und Polach, EEL Legal =01) London
Jay C. Webb, ENW (EWS) EnronOnline Systems =01) Houston
Vice President =01) Technical
Donald R. Hawkins, ETS Quality Management =01) Houston
John R. Keller, ETS Engineering & Construction =01) Houston
Thanks for the note.  I certainly know by responses that I am getting tonight 
who is in the office late!  I was told that the memo would come out today you just had to be here at dinner time to see it!  I am really pleased about 
how we have been able to improve the perception of what our group does and 
its importance to the organization.  And yes, we need more female names on 
these lists!  --Sally 
Tana Cashion @ ENRON   01/12/2001 07:43 PM
Congratulations on your promotion!  What a great statement to how far you 
have brought Energy Operations.   I'm sure your team will be excited to see 
your efforts recognized.  Also, it is very encouraging to see a female name 
on the list.  Best of luck! 
Tana Cashion
FYI - While I simply received an assessment from Jenny, there is obviously a listing of equipment that exists.  Looks as if Paige Cox on Jenny's team would be the person to get with on this.  --Sally
Sally,  it doesn't appear that the fax machines already in ECS will be sufficient for your needs.  Let me know if you would like us to assist your group in getting additional fax machines.  I have to believe that there are numerous excess machines around here.   JR
Jenny 
There are 25 owned and 6 leased fax machines on ECS 05 & 06 per the UBS asset scheduled.  After doing a walk though on the floors, the machines are concentrated in certain business areas.  Current machine placement will not accommodate the type of usage that I suspect Sally's group will need to have.
My suggestion is that the settlements group(s) bring their fax machines with them, and we have the numbers changed.
Paige
S. Paige Cox
Director 
Global Infrastructure
Enron Net Works
office:	713-853-5428
cell:	281-830-1111
paige.cox@
Thanks for your nice note.  While the journey has been interesting, to say the least, I am very excited about what we can do and committed to the effort.  I am glad that we will be able to continue working together.  --Sally 
Sally,
Soooo glad you are in Netco 
It makes a big difference to me knowing that you will be there...cool!
Good luck
Steve
Steve
NOTE : Sent from my Pager, so please excuse the spelling mistakes!
This will be an important meeting for me to attend.  Let me know when this gets scheduled.  Thanks. 
Wade Stubblefield@EES
04/11/2001 06:01 PM
Wes asked me to pull the above group together to discuss the who, and the mechanics of how, people from each of our respective EES groups move over to EWS as part of the reorganization underway.  It would probably be a good idea to bring copies of your most up-to-date org. charts (Wade, Wanda and Kalen).
I will have my assistant, Jennifer Bryan, contact your assistants to schedule a time that fits.  Wes indicated he would like to have this meeting Monday or Tuesday of next week.
If you have any questions, please do not hesistate to call.
Thanks
Wade
This is the note that I mentioned that I sent to Philippe today about space in the new building.  You can take up the cause with Philippe when he returns.  I am meeting with Tammy Shepperd at 1:30 tomorrow on some space planning details.  I will tell her that Sheri's group should be located with yours, and by that time I should be able to tell her that Sheri's group will be reporting to you 
I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am.  --Sally 
According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Here is another one Mspartalis@aol.com on 04/11/2001 10:51:33 AM
Sally, 
This is the second of the two emails I am sending you 
Please review the resume of Robert (Bob) Mickits.  He is currently a  
consultant with a Big 5 firm, loaded with GAS Energy experience.  His  
qualifications are: 
*     CPA; BBA - Accounting 
*     E&Y 
*     16 years progressive Accounting/Finance experience and responsibilities 
*     Developed a business process risk model identifying process  
characteristics, business risks and associated best practices for the energy  
trading and marketing industry. 
*     Experienced and responsible for front, middle and back office  
accounting, risk management for energy trading and marketing firms. 
*     Directed all accounting policies & procedures, commodity and derivative  
accounting, reviewed and provided analysis on 133 accounting issues. 
*     Provided clients with infrastructure review and audits for global  
trading operations. 
*     Excellent communication skills. 
Thanks, 
Mike 
E. Michael Spartalis, CPA, CPC 
ML&R Personnel Solutions 
281-782-3411 (Cell mspartalis@aol.com (temp)
- Mickits_Robert_0401_rev.doc 
Back on the calendar this afternoon with Andy Zipper to get his comments on the presentation - should be able to get you and John a copy following that meeting 
I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday 
Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?
Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:
Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
Laura Luce (Central)
Barry Tycholiz (West)
Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta
Power		Dave Duran
Ozzie Pagan
Ed Baughman
Bruce Shuckley 
Portland		Chris Calger
Calgary		Ladain
Mexico		Max Y. 
When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well 
Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?
Thanks
Louise
In re-reading this, I noticed that Todd Hall was included in the distribution list.  He is the only one from Brent's team included.  Do you want to copy Brent as well, or was Todd's inclusion due to his previous responsibility over the MPR, which now is managed by Susie Ayala.  Either way, you may want to include Brent on the message just so that he and his team know about the creation of this common drive 
What about Georgeanne Hodges?  Should she be notified as well?  You may also want to copy Wes as an FYI.  Thanks. 
We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's internal email system 
Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared drive that has been set up for this specific purpose 
Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being distributed electronically.
Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info back and forth.
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:
A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the IT Central site:    Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.
Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions
Beth Apollo
Good idea.  Is there a way to monitor usage of this folder is insure that everyone has  read and complied with your message 
We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) being passed to Arthur Andersen for audit purposes over the Web to their Arthur Andersen email addresses. (necessary now they no longer have access to Enron's internal email system 
Please use the folder described below when passing any info (that you would have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party) via the shared drive that has been set up for this specific purpose 
Note:  AA should also use the shared drive to pass info back if there are questions, or the data needs updating.  We should also consider the sensitivity of audit findings and special presentations if they are being distributed electronically.
Please pass this note to others in your groups who have the need to pass info back and forth.
Details on how to access for those who will use this method to pass info:
A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  Please post all confidential files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email address.  If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the IT Central site:    Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.
Please contact Vanessa Schulte if you have any problems or questions
Beth Apollo
I chose not to circulate a copy last Friday - reality was that I didn't think that any of the originators would read it over the weekend anyway.  We had hoped to have a final draft ready on Monday (April 9), with plans to review that with Andy Zipper for his input and then two "test runs" with Ed Baughman and Frank Vickers on Tuesday.  With any suggested changes from those test runs, my plan was to circulate copies to you and John Lavorato on Tuesday as well so that you would be aware of the approach with the origination teams.  We scraped the idea of an offsite, and instead are setting up individual meetings with lead originators and their teams.  Unfortunately, I got food poisoning Monday night and was out of the office on Tuesday, so we are behind schedule by a day.  I am in the office today, but at about half speed, and we will try to make up for time lost yesterday 
Louise Kitchen
04/10/2001 03:26 PM
We haven't seen any presentation circulated - did I just not get a copy?
Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:
Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
Laura Luce (Central)
Barry Tycholiz (West)
Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta
Power		Dave Duran
Ozzie Pagan
Ed Baughman
Bruce Shuckley 
Portland		Chris Calger
Calgary		Ladain
Mexico		Max Y. 
When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well 
Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?
Thanks
Louise
According to Tammy Shepperd who is very involved in space allocation for the new building, a location for Sheri Thomas' Product Control Group remains up in the air.  Sheri, Andy Zipper, John Cummings, and Surresh have met to discuss space, and all agree that Sheri's group needs to be located with their groups.  My understanding is that you have designated a certain number of spaces for ENW on the trading floors, but that Sheri's group is not included in that count.  Can we get together when you return to the office next week and discuss floor space?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Beth Apollo has recently joined the team and Brenda Herod has recently married.  February and March were gone before I could get organized enough to try to celebrate both of these occasions.  In honor of Beth's arrival and Brenda's marriage, I hope that you can join David and me for drinks and appetizers at our house on Saturday, May 5, followed by dinner at Champions Golf Club.  Please include your spouse or a guest, and know that we will also be happy to just have you attend.  Let me know if that date will work for you 
I would recommend floor meetings on 37 (we occupy almost the entire floor) and on the operations end of floor 32.  That would cover everyone pretty well.  Thanks. --Sally 
Hi Sally -
Taking care of Philippe's emails while he's out.  Are there one or two floors that are occupied fully by your groups?  Please tell me the floors (probably two) where you would like the meetings and I will call Patti to coordinate your availability to attend.  I'll then send an email to your people notifying them of such 
Thanks, 
Peggy
The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees 
29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 
30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 
31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis
37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:
Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	
Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265
Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556
Philippe & Greg
Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.
An important meeting  will be held tommorrow for all employees who
1) have accepted offers 
2) intend to accept offers ( to the best of their knowledge) but who have issues that need to be resolved
All employees in these categories should attend
Buses will be provided for those who do not have their own transport and will pick up from the south side of the north building - please assemble in the Java plaza area from 8.30am  to 9.30am ( last bus @ 9.30 am )
The meeting will last until 1pm approximately and will be presented by senior managers from UBS on the firm and it's strategy.
There will be breakfast available at the Hotel from 9am to 10am and there will be sandwiches afterwards 
If travelling independently please make sure you leave sufficient time to park (it will be very busy there ) and get to the Grand ballroom
Employees need to bring their id's or drivers licence with them to gain access to the meeting
I'm sorry for the short notice on this - please call out to anyone who should be attending who will not get this message in time 
Neil Daves
Patti will be distributing Astros tickets to you for the 2001 season.  We used a process that gives you tickets for games in proportion to the number of employees on your team.  I hope that you will enjoy the games and that you will also be able to use some of the tickets to reward employees for a job well done 
We have improved our tickets this year.  Thanks to Patti, who scoped out options for new tickets, and to my husband, who studied advantages and disadvantages of each option, we  have some good seats for the year.  The new tickets (4 together) are Dugout tickets, located between home and third base, about 28 rows up from the field.  Not aisle tickets this year, but I sat in the seats for the pre-season opener, and they are a big improvement over last year!  We will work on the aisle for next  year.  We also still have the two Terrace level tickets as we did last year.  For some games you will get all 6 tickets, and for others you may get either the Dugout Tickets or the Terrace tickets 
Not a bad start to the season so far, so hopefully the new ballpark jinx is history!  --Sally 
Here's the latest.  Recent efforts have focused on clarifying the "who, what, how, when, why and where's" of the project.  Please direct your feedback to me.
Thanks,
Fred
5-9323
Patti:  I left Cindy a message last week about attending the NCL convention later in April.  She says that Ken and Jeff encourage board membership in community activities and that taking time during the business week is part of that.  So according to Cindy, the days at convention will not be counted as vacation days.  I guess I would view this as if I were in LA on business, so no notation on time out of the office.  Thanks. 
Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 
We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment 
Your recent voice mail message to me indicated that you maintain a list of board positions held by VP's and above.  I thought that it might be helpful to have this in writing to add to your list.  Beginning with a fiscal year that starts April 2001, I am now a member of the Board and President-Elect of National Charity League, a mother-daughter community volunteer organization. 
We have over 300 members, including mothers and their daughters in grades 7 through 12, in the Spring/Champions area.  We run bingo games in local nursing homes, provide "coaching" during practices for Special Olympics volleyball, tennis, track and bowling, stock local food pantries, work with children in after-school programs in the local elementary schools, etc.  It is a great way to create common goals for mother and daughter teams with a focus on others, at a time when girls would otherwise tend to be focused only on themselves.  The hope is that this early introduction to volunteerism will remain with the girls as a lifelong commitment 
I won't bury you with constant examples, but am copying you on this note regarding floor meetings.  While operations is now a part of Enron Net Works, I believe that the only meaningful piece of that to Philippe and Greg is our commercialization effort.  They are not in the habit of considering the 500 people who provide critical services to EA, EGM and EIM daily.  Floor meetings set by Greg and Philippe were apparently aimed at the IT teams, and yet my group has added over 500 employees to Net Works in Houston alone with our reorganization late last fall.  I will diligently work with Philippe and Greg on this on an on-going basis.   While not fully embraced as part of Net Works, my operations team now is organizationally separated from the key Enron businesses that we support.  I suspect that motivating and managing in this environment will become increasingly challenging.  This is an FYI more than anything else.  --Sally 
The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees 
29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 
30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 
31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis
37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services 	
My suggestion would be to add to more floor meetings to your schedule - one on the operations end of the 32nd floor and one on the 37th floor  Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:
Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	
Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265
Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556
Philippe & Greg
Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.
The floors chosen for these meetings appear to be geared to the IT teams.  Between my operations teams dedicated to EA, EGM and EIM, I have roughly 500 employees in the Enron building.  Do you want all of them to choose one of the floors noted in your e-mail message, or would it be better to schedule one or two floor meetings in locations that more easily incorporate this segment of Net Works?  I have noted below the approximate number of employees per floor (including only those floors with a significant number of operations employees 
29th Floor (trading)	67 employees		EGM risk, vol. mgmt., confirms, settlements and EIM risk 
30th Floor (trading)	35 employees		EGM risk, confirms, settlements (various products) 
31st Floor (trading)	52  employees		Power risk, confirms, vol. mgnt., settlements and DPR 										and MPR teams
32nd Floor (trading)	117 employees		Gas risk, logistics (all regions), operational analysis
37th Floor			148 employees		Gas vol. mgmt., settlements, and global services Also, given the fact that operations is a relative "newcomer" to Enron Networks and yet represents a large number of employees in the group, I would be happy to work with you on remarks for all of the floor meetings to make it easier for you to be fully inclusive in these sessions.   --Sally 
We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:
Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	
Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265
Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556
Philippe & Greg
Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.
Please put the 17th meeting on my calendar.  I may or may not attend, but want to have that on the calendar just in case.  Thanks We will be holding floor meetings on the following dates.  Please join us for a general overview and Q&A session on one of the following floors:
Tuesday, 4/17/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2711	
Wednesday, 4/25/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.	Location:  In front of EB2265
Thursday, 4/26/01 - 2:00 - 3:00 p.m.		Location:  In front of EB2556
Philippe & Greg
Please disregard the email sent on 4/6/01.  We apologize for any inconvenience.
This date change means that I won't be able to make it to the open house.  I will be out of town on April 27 
We'll see you the next time.  Thanks. 
Todd Busby@
04/06/2001 05:27 PM
I guess I shouldn't have responded before I read all of my e-mails.  I have a conference call with Sithe on Monday at 8:30.  The chances of if being done by 9:30 are about 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
I'll make the next one.
Todd
Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 
Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks 
I have talked with Jeff Gossett, Leslie Reeves and Stacey White to let them know about the Saturday effort and the Sunday meeting.  They all will be in town this weekend and will be on call.    Their contact numbers are listed below:
Home Phone			Cell Phone
Jeff Gossett			281-358-7546*			713-825-6094		*Kingwood exchange 														may be long distance
Leslie Reeves		281-476-4408			713-907-6554
Stacey White		281-894-0468			281-382-5215
Sally Beck			281-370-8568			713-417-1591 or 
713-299-1436
(Kim Theriot reports to Leslie, so she will talk with Kim.  I don't have contact numbers for Kim 
LeMetrice is either a director or senior director under Jenny - kind of a second in command.  She worked extensively on the original 2002 budget for Infrastructure and put together some data on functions within the Infrastructure group that gave a somewhat layman's explanation of the various services provided.   We have already gone through the process of rebudgeting dollars and headcount for 2002, post bankruptcy and December 2 lay offs, and with the projected Netco spin off.  It is likely that LeMetrice has all of those details.  So despite a somewhat short answer from Jenny, she was actually on target to refer you to her.   -Sally 
i venture that this is a little less than totally helpful 
Barry,  Please contact LaMetrice Dopson for that information.  Thanks.  JR
Jenny,
Whilst undestanding that you do provide shared services - could you maybe give me a little more detail on what areas you support, what offices/locations, relationship with NetCo, Wholesale, Pipelines etc...What was your allocation methodology for the 2001 budget?
My goal here - for Jim - is to understand how many bodies (& related cost) it is going to take to support the Wholesale Post Bankruptcy actvities - as we are doing for all support and commercial functions - so we can complie a fwd cash forecast.
Any education would be appreciated. An org chart would also help.
Thanks.
Barry.
The Infrastructure group provides shared services and people are not designated to specific business units 
Dave Delaney and Jim Fallon need the following information for a meeting tomorrow at noon.   They need to know which BU all ENW and ISC employees support (i.e. EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, and ENA I've provided all the employees that remain in the estate in the spreadsheet below for you.   There's a tab for each of you with all of your Estate employees listed.    Please designate which company each employee supports and return by 11 AM tomorrow I apologize for the short notice. 
Thanks for your help. 
H
I am hosting drinks at my home and dinner at Champions Golf Club on Saturday, May 5 for my operations team and their spouses.  Greg and I talked about this today.  He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.  If he and his wife are available, I will let you know details as it gets closer.  Thanks for your help.  --Sally 
Would you like to be included?  We will try to start this next week.  I will ask Patti to get with you on the details.  --Sally 
Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks 
Expect Patti to contact you about setting aside 15 minutes each Monday to meet in my office as a team to quickly prioritize tasks for the week regarding the commercialization of our services.  While we will certainly draw upon the knowledge of  others within Operations, we will consider this to be the core resource team.  We want to continue to build momentum for this effort.  Knowing that we are all stretched in managing the day-to-day business, this quick focus each week on the key tasks will keep all of us informed and in alignment.  Thanks 
I was really looking for the list of attendees to see we wanted to share rides to Neiman's.  Can you get that list form Vanessa?  Thanks. 
Enron has purchased a table to the 2001 Houston Chronicle Best Dressed Luncheon & Neiman Marcus Fashion Show benefiting the March of Dimes.  The luncheon will be held on Wednesday, April 11 at the Westin Galleria.  The reception begins at 11:30 a.m., and the actual luncheon starts promptly at 12:00 noon 
Vanessa, would you please resend Sally the memo regarding the luncheon?  It looks like I've deleted my copy.
Thank you!
Kathy
Is it lunch or dinner on May 10 
Rick & Sally,
I have phoned all of the scholarship recipients and left messages for them regarding dinner on May 10th.  I should have an answer by Monday.
Thanks,
Karen
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:
Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 
Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done 
Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!
E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142
FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.
Thank you,
Karen Marshall
Is this going to be a shower?  If so, I would like to get my own gift for them, if that is okay.  Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute to the gift basket?  What time on the 20th - I'd like to put that on my calendar.  Does Louise know if it is a boy or girl?  Thanks.  --Sally=20
Tammie Schoppe
04/05/2001 11:31 AM
If you are interested in contributing toward a baby gift for Louise & Marcus please see me.  I will be getting a gift basket from Saks Fifth Avenue.  I will have a card at my desk for everybody to sign and I would like to collect the money by Wednesday, April 18th.  There will be cake and punch for them on Friday, April 20th to present the gift to them.  I will send a reminder closer to the date.  Please call me with any questions.
Thanks,
Tammie=20
x34220
P.S. Please forward this to anybody I may have missed on the distribution list that would like to contribute.
What does "completed" mean?  My first request was to give me access to review all e-mail messages that Mary has received since March 1 through yesterday's date.  I asked if they could be transferred to my mail box to simplify my review process.  Has this been done?  I don't see any new messages that have been transferred from Mary's mail box to mine.  --Sally 
fyi 
Completed.
Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:
1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?
2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."
3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 
Thanks in advance for your help on this matter 
Please print in color for me.  Do we have a file set up for these?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Brian Heinrich
04/05/2001 05:55 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending April 4th.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677
Imagining that for myself, it would not be a pretty site.  Was it just a lot of movement, or was there noise as well?  --Sally 
Thought you would appreciate this 
Was late this morning and had to flag the bus down by waving my arms.  Had
on a short-sleeved shirt.  Use your imagination.
Cindy
In a meeting with Louise Kitchen today, she mentioned that Bob Superty was very impressive in a presentation that he made to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors on Wednesday.  She was very complimentary.  I have let Bob know about Louise's praise.  Thought that you would like to know as well.  --Sally Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 
Let me know if you have any questions - Bob
FYI
Jenny,
Whilst undestanding that you do provide shared services - could you maybe give me a little more detail on what areas you support, what offices/locations, relationship with NetCo, Wholesale, Pipelines etc...What was your allocation methodology for the 2001 budget?
My goal here - for Jim - is to understand how many bodies (& related cost) it is going to take to support the Wholesale Post Bankruptcy actvities - as we are doing for all support and commercial functions - so we can complie a fwd cash forecast.
Any education would be appreciated. An org chart would also help.
Thanks.
Barry.
The Infrastructure group provides shared services and people are not designated to specific business units 
Dave Delaney and Jim Fallon need the following information for a meeting tomorrow at noon.   They need to know which BU all ENW and ISC employees support (i.e. EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, and ENA I've provided all the employees that remain in the estate in the spreadsheet below for you.   There's a tab for each of you with all of your Estate employees listed.    Please designate which company each employee supports and return by 11 AM tomorrow I apologize for the short notice. 
Thanks for your help. 
H
This is a copy of the presentation that Bob Superty made to the Peoples Energy Board this week.  Lousie Kitchen told me that he was very impressive in the presentation (not a surprise to me, but it is nice when others recognize the talent that is in the operations organization).  We may be able to incorporate some of this into our presentation to originators for internal purposes, and there may be parts of this that could be used in external marketing tools. --Sally 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 
Let me know if you have any questions - Bob
Please print in color for me.  Thanks. 
Robert Superty
04/05/2001 04:53 PM
Sally, Bob  FYI (or your files) - here is the presentation I gave to the Peoples Energy Board of Directors. 
Let me know if you have any questions - Bob
Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I will meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "mass mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will likely come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sense to set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the word to the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We can start those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logistics of any offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we need one.   =20
Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to deliver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and will be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with her that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as the other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the next time that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April 17, 18 or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I can discuss the appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch tomorrow. =20
I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  --Sally=20
Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week on their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and has the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.
We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something out because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.
GP
Shukaly resigned and left.
But I assume the invitation will be extended to all of their groups so that whoever they want can attend.=20
I would actually prefer that the presentation is actually circulated to the groups on Friday rather than presented as we will wait forever on getting an offsite together.  How about circulating the presentation and then letting them refer all questions to Rahil - see how much interest you get.  One on ones are much better and I think this is how Rahil should proceed.  We need to get in front of customers in the next couple of weeks.
Let's aim to get a least three customers this quarter.
Louise
=20
Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:
Gas=09=09=09Frank Vickers (East)
=09=09=09Laura Luce (Central)
=09=09=09Barry Tycholiz (West)
Derivatives=09=09Fred LaGrasta
Power=09=09Dave Duran
=09=09=09Ozzie Pagan
=09=09=09Ed Baughman
=09=09=09
Portland=09=09Chris Calger
Calgary=09=09Ladain
Mexico=09=09Max Y.=20
When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well. =20
Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally =09
=09
=20
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?
Thanks
Louise
Rahil is working with me on a presentation that covers what our services are, the creation of a pricing desk, how that will work (process and revenue sharing), selling of services for others, our operations pricing model, the DASH process, key contacts in operations, etc.  I expect to review a draft by this Friday.  Tomorrow we will have the date set for such a meeting.  We are checking travel schedules for Laura Luce and Max Y. to see if we can catch both in Houston sometime next week.  Greg Piper suggests a meeting with all origination heads at once (a mini offsite).  We will do that if we can set a date that works for a majority.  If that doesn't work, we will simply do one-on-ones over the next ten days to get everyone.  Targeted attendees are:
Gas			Frank Vickers (East)
Laura Luce (Central)
Barry Tycholiz (West)
Derivatives		Fred LaGrasta
Power		Dave Duran
Ozzie Pagan
Ed Baughman
Bruce Shuckley 
Portland		Chris Calger
Calgary		Ladain
Mexico		Max Y. 
When you and I met we discussed most of these names.  I added the Calgary guy and Max.  I also want to share this info with Bob Shults and his EOL marketing team.  They talk with a lot of customers and may have the opportunity to bring up our services as well.  We have spent some time with Jean Mrha and John Grass, and will share the presentation with them as well 
Do you want to add any names?   If we do wind up with one date that will work for most, I will let you know that tomorrow so that you can attend if you would like.  --Sally 	
Louise Kitchen
04/04/2001 03:50 PM
Weren't we supposed to be having a meeting on costs of back office services with the Heads of Origination?  Are we close to having this?
Thanks
Louise
I didn't read through all of the names, but wanted to make sure that we are including Beth Apollo on invites to participate in recruiting.  I think that I mentioned her to you.  She is a VP who joined my team in January after spending four years in Enron's London office.  She graduated from Trinity and worked in public accounting before coming to Enron.  She would be great to have on a team.  I would love for her to join us at UT, but if she has another preference that is great, too.  If she is not on your list yet, why don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the schools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.  Thanks.  --Sally=20
=20
WE WANT YOU!
The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual Recruiting Expo. =20
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent for Enron.
=09=09When:=09=09Thursday, April 12th
=09=09Where:=09=0950th Floor - Reception Area
=09=09Time:=09=095:30pm to 7:30pm
Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.
Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!
Thanks for the info on the recruiting expo.  Sounds like fun, but I won't be able to make it.  I am taking the day off on Friday, April 13th to take Meagan for her info session and tour at UT.  We will be driving to Austin after she gets out of school on Thursday afternoon, April 12. =20
You know that you can count me in already as a team member!  --Sally=20
=20
WE WANT YOU!
The Associate/Analyst Program wants you to join us for our 1st Annual Recruiting Expo. =20
WE WANT YOU to join one of the many campus teams to help recruit new talent for Enron.
=09=09When:=09=09Thursday, April 12th
=09=09Where:=09=0950th Floor - Reception Area
=09=09Time:=09=095:30pm to 7:30pm
Come join us for hors d'oeuvres, cocktails, and an opportunity to meet the new Program Management team as well as the recruiting staff.
Better hurry and join a team or YOU might be drafted!
Thanks for the update.  I am forwarding your message to Beth Apollo.  She is the VP on my team that manages our Global Services, and this Executive Report Viewer falls in that arena.  She will be closer to this than I.  You may want to get her feedback as well.  --Sally 
Sally,
I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.
Thanks
Zhiyong
Great idea to run this by Louise.  She ususally has some good ideas on how things should look and feel online.  I would love to see it, too.  Thanks.  --Sally
Sally,
It is on the list as a medium priority and we can discuss more on Monday.
I would not say that the system is totally done.  It is in User testing  -- Chris and crew are testing it and I will be getting a demo in the next week or two.  It has not been rolled out to the user community 
I am also going to challenge them to think about whether there are any more quick "cosmetic" things that we could do with out much more time or cost.
Do you want to have a look before it rolls out?
Also  I thought maybe giving a preview to Louise would be good since she looks at the report pretty regularly, and is a big fan of automation.
Beth
Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results Sally,
I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.
Thanks
Zhiyong
Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business voice mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:
1)  Please grant Vanessa Schulte access to Mary Solmonson's voice mail so that she change the access code for retrieving messages so that she can review any incoming voice mail messages and deliver appropriate business responses 
2)  Please work with Vanessa Schulte on the process of forwarding all incoming calls on Mary Solmonson's line (713-853-6079) to Vanessa's line (x35565) if she so chooses.  She may prefer the ability to check voice mail messages on Mary's line to having Mary's line automatically forwarded to her line.  If she chooses not to forward Mary's line to hers, she will create a new message on Mary's line that can direct callers to Vanessa 
Thanks in advance for you help on this 
Mary Solmonson, one of my direct reports, has been out of the office since March 1, 2001 and it is not readily known when she will return to work.  All business related e-mail messages require a prompt response from our business unit.  Therefore, I am requesting your assistance in completing the following tasks:
1)  Grant the necessary access to me to be able to review the incoming e-mails directed to Mary Solmonson since March 1, 2001 through today so that I can determine which ones require a business response that I can handle.   Can these be transferred to my e:mail as a simplified way for me to complete this review?
2) Effective immediately, please create an automatic message for Mary's e-mail box that states "I am out of the office.  All e-mails are being forwarded to Vanessa Schulte for response."
3)  Effectively immediately, please route any new incoming e-mail messages to Vanessa Schulte's mail box. 
Thanks in advance for your help on this matter 
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.
Per my memo below, please enroll Brenda Herod, James Scribner, Thresa Allen and Shona Wilson for the May session.  Thanks for the reminder and for your help!  --Sally 
The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session called Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP level and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the class was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is used in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two to three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees 
Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want to work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will be offered in May, September, November and February (2002 
However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to have several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors and that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know and we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would have to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know your recommendation on a substitution Thanks. 
Sally, 
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity. 
Thanks, 
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session called Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP level and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the class was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is used in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two to three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees 
Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want to work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will be offered in May, September, November and February (2002 
However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to have several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors and that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know and we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would have to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know your recommendation on a substitution Thanks. 
Sally, 
Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity. 
Thanks, 
Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
Human Resources
Enron Net Works
Office: 713-853-6703
Cell: 713-854-0839
Is this on Vanessa's update list?  Are users happy with the results Sally,
I just want to give you an update on the Executive Report Viewer project in case you are not aware of the status. The development of the ERV project has been completed and delivered on schedule. The feedback from the demo was very positive. The application has been handed over for user acceptance test.
Thanks
Zhiyong
Got your note.  It's a little premature to forecast now - we will have a better idea by April 15 - our timeline for completing our look at a revenue model.  Can we delay until then?  We do have a monthly fee of $16,000 that we are receiving from Bridgeline that, while small, you could include in our revenue line to date.  I am not sure why it is not showing up as income.  Probably because we have been considered a cost center to date.  I suspect that the income is simply being recorded as an offset to one of our cost centers.  By copy of this memo to Brian Heinrich, could you and he figure out where that income is and classify it appropriately so that it shows as revenue?  Since our costs are fully allocated to business units, this should be pure margin.  Hey, you have to start somewhere 
I have a lunch meeting scheduled with Greg Piper on Friday this week. One of the items that I want to discuss with him is how we want to treat expenses that we are incurring while researching the feasibility of this business.  I don't have an answer for you today on what if any costs will not be allocated to the business units.  Next week I can give you more info on that 
Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know in a few days I would appreciate it. 
Kerry Roper (x5-4895)
FYI - Let's discuss.  --Sally
Sally,
One of the things that Greg Piper has asked me to do is to take a look at the rest of the year and get each of the VP's to assess their margins and EBIT for the remainder of 2001.  For Energy Operations, that is usually very easy since there has been no revenues, and all of the costs are allocated out, so there should be zero EBIT if nothing changed.  Given your present direction, however, you may be generating some margin in 2001.  Do you have a feel for an amount I can put into our analysis and will 100% of your costs continue to be billed out or will some be applied to this new activity? I am hoping to put something together next week, so if you or a designate could let me know in a few days I would appreciate it. 
Kerry Roper (x5-4895)
Tight time frame for Mike & co. on metals deliverables.  Raises the question around the timing of next week's visit on metal.  Will we divert critical resources from these efforts.   --Sally
Mike Jordan
04/04/2001 09:27 AM
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule. Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations 
Please contact me if you require any additional information
Mike
Mike Jordan
03/04/2001 16:29
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide  
a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location
a timely substantiation of 
stock on balance sheet
forward MTM 
debtors and creditor balances
OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.
Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following :
I will discuss with AA the following
that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications)
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable)
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400. We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe. However, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders.
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination
an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30 th ( replacing planned 23 rd review due to system issues ), requiring
full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23 rd and 30 th
sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
Mike
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business.
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF.
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet.
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers.
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses.
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations. The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads.
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF.
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates 
A full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation within Enron
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices/request for payment )
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts
I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during April 
If you have any questions please call me on x34703
Mike
It didn't occur to me until seeing Richard's message that we might have a hole in communications with Mary being out on an extended basis.  We should probably create a message on Mary's phone that refers callers to someone else - ditto on e:mail messages.  Beth, does it make sense for that referral to be James, or you, or Vanessa?  Others within our organization that may try to reach Mary could have questions about global databases, projects that Joel's group had been handling, etc.  I am not trying to put this off on you if you don't think it is appropriate - but James and/or Vanessa came to mind as possible contacts.  By copy to Hector, I also wonder if we should review incoming e:mails that have come to Mary over the last several weeks to see if there are some internal requests to which we need to respond.  Let me know what you think.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?
Thanks,
Richard
Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!
Thanks,
Richard
I am following up with someone that was on Mary's team that now works for Beth Apollo.  We will get back with you on this shortly.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?
Thanks,
Richard
Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!
Thanks,
Richard
Does Vanessa know anything about this?  I know that we had a definite interest several years ago in a system from Siebel.  We shelved it at the time due to IT resource constraints and Philippe's concern over costs.  In the meantime, EES bought a license and uses this system.  I know that Mary was resurrecting this with someone on her team.  She had recently reviewed it with Brenda Herod, I believe.  This is one of the items that we listed in Dallas as a need if we were to get heavily into providing services for others.  --Sally 
Richard Sage
04/03/2001 05:25 PM
Sally,
I gather that Mary has taken extended leave.
Can you advise who might know anything about this system?
Thanks,
Richard
Richard Sage
19/03/2001 15:59
Mary,
Are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day, for weeks.
We have a need for a CRM system, but not a very complicated one, and I thought that the one that Tony Mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill. He tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities!
Thanks,
Richard
Last summer we hosted a lunch for summer interns right at the end of their assignments with us.  We had other UT alums attend the lunch.  Feedback from the summer interns was favorable.  Their key comment, though, was that it would have been great to have had that get together earlier in the summer so that the interns could have networked with other Enron UT alums throughout the summer.  Can we plan something for the UT interns earlier this summer?  It would probably work well to include the summer associates as well.  I will be glad to help in any way.  Just let me know.=20
=20
Dear Longhorn Team:
The following UT candidates have accepted their offers for internships:
Vinay Adenwala
Cathy Wang
Vivek Shah
Kruti Patel
Daniel Payne
Wesley Thoman
Michelle Yee
Rachel Ravanzo
Ainsley Gaddis
One offer is still outstanding:  Courtney Gibbs
Three offers were declined:  Pranav Gandi, Jessica Payne, and Ameet Rane
Thank you for all your help in making our spring recruiting such a success!=20
lexi
3-4585
Here it is 
Christina Valdez
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone - 713.853-9106
Fax     - 713.345.8100
christina.valdez@
I will be in the office the whole week of April 9.  I will ask my assistant to call yours to set up a 30 minute meeting for us next week to discuss the candidates that we saw during the scholarship interviews.  --Sally 
Sally has arranged Brian Wood with Avistar to demo a desktop video conferencing product tomorrow (Wednesday), April 4, 1:00 -2:00 PM.  Brian will meet at Sally's office and take whoever is interested to another office location in the Enron Building for demonstration.  If you are interested in attending, please call me at x39106 so I can give Brian a headcount.
Thanks,
Patti x39106
Please ask Sheri Thomas if this person needs access to EOL applications.  I don't recognize the names.  The name noted as manager is Loyd Will, who is a commercial employee reporting to Kevin Presto.  Thanks. 
ARSystem  You have received this email because you are listed as a security approver. Please click   to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000027109
Request Create Date : 4/3/01 10:59:54 AM
Requested For       : gautam.gupta@
Resource Name       : EOL US Backoffice  Stack Manager
Resource Type       : Applications
Please put these dates on my calendar and let Lexi know that at this point the calendar is open and that I will be happy to participate in both the information session and the interviews.  Thanks. =20
Dear Team Members:
We are already finalizing details for next fall's recruiting effort.  Please mark your calendars for the following events:
Information Session : September 17 (6-8 pm at the Alumni Center)
Full-Time Interviews: October 16 and 17=20
If you would like to volunteer for these events, please drop me a note. =20
Of course there are still events to be planned, so I will let you know of them as soon as possible.
Have a great day!
lexi
3-4585
I was at the pre-seasoner opener at Enron Field last Friday night and saw you throw the first pitch.  It was a nice one - never a chance of it hitting the dirt!  -Sally 
Thanks for putting this together.  I will look forward to reading the details later today. --Sally 
James New
04/03/2001 09:12 AM
Sally / Beth,
As we discussed when I was in Houston I have put together a draft on Valuation Methodology Changes and Model Approval. I had a meeting arranged for today to go through my proposal with Ted Murphy and Tani Nath (she heads up research and structuring here in London) but Ted cancelled at the last minute (again). Tani and I met and are broadly in agreement, but before we can go any further we need Ted's input. He is now away for 2 1/2 weeks so there is going to be no further progress on this front.
In the mean time I would appreciate your comments on what I have put together. I would prefer it if it is not circulated around Houston at this stage until I can accurately say that Ted is happy from a global RAC perspective. Likewise I still need to get Houston research comfortable but I am going to wait until Ted has had a chance to add his feedback so I can at least say that it is only Houston research that is outstanding. Others will also need to be consulted (and I would like to agree a list of key people with you) but I can't see their being any real contention. Can you ?
I am assuming that resourcing is likely to be an issue for you in Houston (and it may well be here too) and this has been added to the outstanding list. I am envisaging that some of the risk management work could be completed as part of the curve validation 
If there are any questions or feedback please let me know.
James
Can you print this for me?  Thanks. 
Sent by:	General Announcement@
Our vision to become The World's Leading Company positions our company for great success this year and beyond.  Our success is dependent on execution.  With that in mind, we are making Enron's 2001 corporate and business unit goals available to employees 
Please take a few minutes to review our 2001 goals on Enron's intranet at      We believe they will help you gain a better understanding of our vision for the company and will inspire you to identify innovative ways to help your organization and Enron achieve our objectives.  We have a lot to accomplish this year, and with your hard work and dedication, we can realize another year of stellar performance.
You are kind - and that's one of the things that I love about you!  I suppose that we should get serious about the dinner for Mom and Dad, since it is two months away.  I will be glad to handle invitations.  I will look for some this week and coordinate with Mom on final names and addresses.  Cara had sent an e:mail a few weeks ago with some detailed questions to answer.  I still have a copy of it, but haven't focused on it to date.  I will call you tonight and we can go through it and offer to Cara to follow up with Josephine's House if that would help her given her current charge at home.  --Sally 
I actually think you look young in those pictures--you are way too
critical 
Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could
easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of
myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally
Sally 
We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!
Cindy
<<
Inside every older person
is a younger person
wondering what the fuck happened.
Exactly!  Mom sent me the pictures from the hospital with Anna.  I could easily be mistaken for her grandmother, I'm afraid.  I see pictures of myself and wonder who that older person is?!?  --Sally 
Sally 
We got this yesterday from a friend of Richard's--it made me giggle...see
you soon!
Cindy
<<
Inside every older person
is a younger person
wondering what the fuck happened.
Looks like this is back in the right spot for discussion John Sherriff
04/03/2001 08:11 AM
Thanks Wes - I will discuss with Mike and Jeff,
John
John,
There has been a fair amount of discussion about this as well as the reporting of drift for the North America businesses.  Both Mike McConnell and Jeff Shankman are opposed to moving the location of drift in the DPR.  I know that North America included US drift in its plan and includes "drift earnings" in its margin.  I believe you do the same in Europe.  Jeff is adamant that we not  move US drift from EGM's section of the DPR and has asked for UK drift to remain, as well.  You may want to call Jeff.  Sally and I will do what ever you guys decide 
Please deal with this.  Wes, you know what I think and what we've decided on.  Jeff
FYI
Gary
Michael Kass@
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
Gary
I prepare the London Summary and I have been requested by John Sherriff here in London to have changes made to the reporting format of the Executive Viewer report.  John's request and the changes he has asked for are detailed below.  In essence, John would like Enron Europe's 'UK Drift' revenue to be reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading in the Exec Viewer instead of being reported under the 'Global Markets' heading.  If you agree to this change could you advise Chris Abel and Johnny Thibodeux to make the appropriate changes.  If, however,  you would like to discuss the matter further please contact John Sherriff 
Michael
John Sherriff@ECT
23/02/2001 16:27
Michael - Please move forward with these changes.
John
James New
23/02/2001 16:14
John,
The attached is the format I believe we discussed and agreed with Ted a few days ago. In order that the guys in Houston will make the changes they require your authorisation.
If you can authorise by return then Michael Kass and I will forward it on to the necessary people below.
If you are not happy with the attached please let me know what needs to be changed.
Thanks James
Michael Kass@
22/02/2001 10:47
Changes are required to the reporting format of Enron Europe's P/L in the Executive Viewer .  Below is a list of these changes as well as the person responsible for effecting each change:
Gary Hickerson: The UK Drift book is to be reclassified from the 'Enron Global Markets' heading to the 'Enron Europe' heading; 
Susie Ayala: The Enron Europe (Net Fair Value) Equity Investments book is to reclassified from 'Merchant Summary' to the 'Enron Europe' heading;
Chris Abel: The following changes are to be made to the books reported under the 'Enron Europe' heading:
- J Block is to be reported as a separate line item;
- Structured Derivatives UK is to include all other structured derivatives and power/gas accruals (currently reported under 'Other' line item 	- For each of the Electricty books, could you change the word Electricity to Power in the headings (for consistency purposes).
That was my third or fourth time at Ibeza - I have enjoyed it each time.  It is a great place for outside dining when the weather works for that.  --Sally 
Hi, Sally-
Did you enjoy Ibeza last night?  It was my first visit - I thought the food was quite good.
Sam
Thanks for your note and resume.  I have sent a copy to our Managing Director of Global Financial Trading.  He is in our London office this week, with a pretty demanding schedule, so it may be early next week before I hear back from him with regard to his interest.  I look forward to talking with you tomorrow.  Best time to reach me would be around 2:00 pm.  --Sally 
Dear Sally,
Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.
Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work
- Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc 
- MMoses_trader.doc 
Resume attached per my voice mail to you.  This guy is currently at Compaq, but wants to do something else.  Any interest?  As I said in my voice mail, I will be glad to call my friend Dave Schempf to get more info on this guy if you would like.  --Sally 
Dear Sally,
Thank you for agreeing to review my resume and qualifications for a position
at Enron.  Your company has a fine reputation for innovation and growth.
I will call you Tuesday afternoon concerning any questions we both may have
and to arrange an interview if we deem it is appropriate at that time.
I appreciate you consideration and look forward to meeting you.
Sincerely,
Matt Moses
(936) 273-3732 Home
(281) 518-3036 Work
- Sally_Beck Cover Letter.doc 
- MMoses_trader.doc 
TO:  All EGM and EIM employees affected
FROM: Sally Beck, Managing Director of ENW-Global Risk Management Operations
Last fall, the Enron Wholesale Services organization was created and announced in an organizational memo from Jeff Skilling.  All wholesale companies (Enron Americas, Enron Europe, Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets) plus Enron Net Works and Enron Global Assets were included in the Enron Wholesale Services umbrella.  In that organizational memo, the Energy Operations team (now Global Risk Management Operations) was moved into Enron Net Works to align our operational services, information technology and e:commerce platforms in order to offer the best quality services to Enron wholesale customers.  This alignment also positions us to evaluate the prospect of packaging these services for other customers as well.  With this reorganization, we continue to maintain dedicated operations teams that support each of the wholesale businesses.
Since this reorganization occurred so close to year end, I suggested that we wait until January 1, 2001 to move employees under Enron Net Works.  Senior management, accounting and HR agreed with this date for effecting the move to Enron Networks.  Unfortunately, however, the January conversion to Networks did not get fully executed 
To correct this, effective April 01, 2001, all EGM and EIM  employees  and non-employees who provide risk management operations services and ultimately report in to Brent Price and Brenda Herod, respectively, will be transferred to ENW - Global Risk Management Operations under  company 083E.   Starting April 1st, you should start using new cost centers for coding and timekeeping purposes.  This will formalize the ENW-Global Risk Management Operations' structure.
There are some direct effects that surround the conversion to Enron Net Works. Because you are transferring between Enron payroll companies, IRS requirements state that FICA withholding must start over.  This applies only to the OASDI (6.2%) which has a maximum wage base withholding of $80,400.00 for 2001.  Medicare tax withholding of 1.45% has no cap and therefore does not start over but continues as usual.
The excess OASDI withholding that you incur for the year will credit to you on your 2001 tax return as withholding.  Therefore, to alleviate the burden of starting over, you can adjust your Federal income tax withholding down by filing a new Form W-4 and claim additional allowances which will reduce the withholding to adjust for the excess OASDI withholding.  Be sure to ask your tax advisor what additional steps you can take to balance out these changes.  You may also contact the Payroll Department @ 713/345-5555 to assist you with any questions 
We will continue to have dedicated HR reps who will work directly with you and your team and who will coordinate among themselves to share best practices that can positively impact all teams.  If you have questions, please call the HR representative who supports your organization, as identified below relative to the business unit to which your team is dedicated 
Business Unit	HR Contact	Phone#
EGM 	David Hill	713/853-4218
EIM	Kathy Neal	713/345-7803
EA/Global Services	Frank De Jesus	713/345-3662
EA/Global Services	Hector McLoughlin	713/853-6703
Thanks for your continued hard work and dedication to the success of Enron Wholesale Services 
Gwynn,
Sally wasn't quite sure what you wanted.  She put together a little something - if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.
Opportunities for accounting professionals in traditional and in non-traditional roles, such as transaction structuring, risk analysis and commodity operations.
Patti x39106
Gwynn Gorsuch@
03/28/2001 01:56 PM
Laura Schwartz and I are working on pulling together the article that goes with the photo taken last week for the NABA national newsletter.  We get approximately 550 words to tell the Enron story in anticipation of our recruiting presence at the NABA national conference in July.  Are there any particular messages you would like us to get out there with regard to opportunities in EWS and EES for accountants?  Please let me know your thoughts before the end of next week (the sooner the better - the final due date for photo and story is April 13).
Many thanks
Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line
FYI - People tend to forget that we have some parts of the business that run 24 hours a day.  We often get notices like the one sent on March 29 below without much lead time and without regard to potential business impact.  Bob Superty has done a good job in scrambling to provide business solutions for us in gas scheduling.  This is a good team that knows how to react quickly.  --Sally 
Robert Superty
03/30/2001 02:52 PM
Sally, Bob - FYI 
I was able to get 5 telephone numbers set up on a temporary switch so if our counterparties call into the Enron building during the outage (Friday 10:00 PM until Saturday 6 AM) they will get the voicemail of the 5 key schedulers that we selected. The voicemail gives the caller contact info. (page & home #'s). In addition if they hit zero it will be forwarded to our off-hours dispatching service. The dispatching service has current contact information for every pipe we do business on.  The schedulers were also instructed to call out to their key counterparties and make sure they have page, home and cell #'s.
If I had my way all of our schedulers telephone numbers would have been put on this temporary switch but five was the best we could do. Considering the time period I think we have minimal exposure however you never know when a pipeline of market emergency could occur. 
Let me know if you have any questions, tks - Bob
Sent by:	Enron Announcements@
Enron AVAYA (formally Lucent Technologies) PBX & VoiceMail Outage for Enron Center South Conversion
Systems Enron Downtown Houston AVAYA Telephone & VoiceMail Systems 
Affected Users All Enron Houston Downtown Telephone and VoiceMail Users
System Outage Duration: PHASE I	
3AC/2AC March 30, 2001 7:00PM - March 31, 2001, 12:00AM
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil March 30, 2001, 10:00PM - March 31, 2001, 6:00AM
System Outage Duration: PHASE II	
Enron Building, 500/600 Jefferson and Pennzoil April 6, 2001, 10:00PM - April 7, 2001, 4:00AM
Summary:
PHASE I  March 30, 2001
All Enron telephone systems, including voicemail, will be totally out of service beginning Friday evening, March 30th.  The outage for 3 Allen Center and 2 Allen Center will begin at 7:00 PM.  The outage for the Enron Building, 500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil will begin at 10:00 PM on Friday evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 6:00 AM, Saturday morning, March 31st.  There will be emergency service available for all key groups previously identified, including security.  Also, there will red security phones provided on each floor near the stairwells, for emergency use.  If you have an emergency during the outage, please contact security at 713-853-2580 
PHASE II  April 6, 2001
Enron Building, 500 Jefferson, 600 Jefferson and Pennzoil Enron telephone systems, including ALL voicemail users, will be totally out of service beginning Friday evening, April 6th.  The outage will begin at 10:00 PM on Friday evening. The systems will be out of service until approximately 4:00 AM, Saturday morning, April 7th 
Please approve trainingorders@vertical.net on 03/30/2001 11:13:11 AM
Course Registration/Product Purchase on 03/30/2001
This order requires your approval from you before it can be processed. To approve this order please CLICK HERE 
Your Registration Identification Number is: 13982 
For your convenience, click here to view and print your receipt 
ORDER DESCRIPTION 
Vendor Name:	Enron 
Course name:  Powerpoint  Introduction
Class Date: Apr 05 2001 - Apr 05 2001
Location:  Houston TX
Student Enrolled: PATTI THOMPSON
Cancellation Policy:   Cancellation of class must be received at least 3 business days prior to class time in order to prevent charges to your Cost Center. All "No Shows" will be charged the full cost of the course. Substitutes may be sent provided they have satisfied all course prerequisites 
This order needs to be authorized before it is processed. 
I talked with Anne Koehler in Legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from Energy Operations prior to the effective sale of HPL.  Anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term "protocol" into these discussions.  To clarify, according to Anne, the "protocol" is not anticipated to be a formal legal document.  Instead, Anne envisions simply e:mails or memos between Enron and AEP with regard to any sharing of information, agreements on processes to be followed in the transition, etc.  Operational details to be decided between Enron and AEP have been handled exactly in that manner to date, with e:mails being sent from Bob Ball (Enron) to Steve Jackson (AEP 
Only critical changes to the Purchase and Sale Agreement will be formally documented.  Bob Hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original Purchase and Sale Agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of May.  He has worked with Enron's treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with Sandi Braband in Legal to document this change to the Purchase and Sale Agreement as an Amendment to that agreement.   As of today, Legal has completed revisions to that amendment and Anne Koehler is sending it to Mary Perkins in Enron's Treasury group for her review.  Upon Mary's review, Anne will forward the amendment to AEP for their review before final signatures 
We devised this week a new format for incorporating the AEP-HPL transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you.  This new format incorporates the various memos and e:mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues.  Items that only require actions by Enron will be our "to do" list.  Each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress.  Those items that fall under the AEP list or which appear in both the Enron and AEP list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to AEP and/or their agreement via the e:mails or memos as suggested by Ann Koehler.  I believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written "protocol".   We will also update you weekly on the status of those e:mails and/or memos between ourselves and AEP 
I understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the HPL sale.  To provide clarity for these update meetings, may I suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches: 
1)  Brian and I hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that Brian has a full 		understanding of operational transition items and their status, or 
2) I attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you 
Please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week 
Big ticket item on here is the group dinner in Dallas for the ASE.  I can view the entry and can click on attendees - but only see a list of 10 or 12 attendees.  There were 30 or so, plus Greg Piper and Lisa Petruska.  I am missing a second page of attendees, or were only a few listed?  If I am not missing a page, please ask Heather to include the complete list of attendees (all who were at the ASE plus Greg and Lisa).  A $4,000 meal for 10 attendees looks funny.  There were many more in attendance.  The cost of the meal makes more sense with a complete list of attendees.  Thanks eserver@ on 03/30/2001 12:39:02 PM
We will get you back on the official distribution list.  For now, I am forwarding our weekly report to you.  --Sally 
Brian Heinrich
03/29/2001 07:07 PM
Tina,
Attached is the Global Risk Management Operations update for the Philippe and Greg Weekly Report, for the week ending March 28.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
x57677
I would like to have my directors and senior directors take this course.  There is just one course date noted in the attachment in May.  Will there be other dates during the year?  I can't have everyone go at the same time.  I would like to get the list of dates in 2001 and then send a memo to directors and senior directors requiring them to attend one of the sessions.  Can you also get me a list of the director and senior directors that I have in EIM, EGM and EA?  Will this course also be offered in London for directors?  --Sally 
Sally, 
We can offer the Director Level "Impact and Influence"  course to all of your Directors as part of a pilot program.    I wanted to know if you want me to forward this offer to them.   Please let me know. 
Hgm
1)  Did you add to the numbers that Jeff and I reviewed with you on Sunday?  You had mentioned folding in some analysts and associates - did you do that?  UBS was asking me about numbers today, and I wanted to be consistent with the answers. 
2)  What about Calgary?  You were going to ask Rob M. to have Peggy Hedstrom coordinate over the weekend.  Didn't hear from her.  Are you handling this through Rob?  Or do you want me to include Calgary operations in the final org chart for Netco Operations?  --Sally 
Good response, Bob.  Thanks for leading the way on the format for that meeting.  --Sally 
Robert Superty
03/30/2001 10:59 AM
Greg, the communication and interaction between the Logistics and NomLogic teams during the product development phase has gone extremely well. Both Carrie and I are committed to making sure this continues through the internal testing and beta release with the customers. I have a strong group of experienced Logistics schedulers working closely with the NomLogic team and expect that their involvement will help us identify as many issues as possible before the customers get to see the product. 
Please feel free to call if you have any additional questions or concerns, thanks - Bob Superty (x30957)
Thanks for the input in yesterday's meeting.
As a follow-up, I wanted to confirm that Carrie and Bob (as module manager and mid/back office representative) will be working closely together over the next month or so to have NomLogic technology, business rules, legal structure and a system test complete before the outside customers arrive for the beta tests.
Thanks.
GP
FYI - See attachment for latest attempt at satisfying the "ill-defined".  If this is not on target, we will keep working until it is!  - Sally 
All eight students that we interviewed for the Enron Scholarship were great and we should actively be sure that we get them on our interview schedules next year when they are in the second year of the MBA program.  I don't want to simply leave that to chance by encouraging them to consider us.  Karen's letter (noted below) is a good idea, but we should augment that by getting these students names on our radar screen for next year.  I will find out who the recruiter is for UT MBA's and I will get copies of the students' resumes and my notes on where they could be a good fit to that recruiter.  --Sally 
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:
Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 
Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done 
Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!
E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142
FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.
Thank you,
Karen Marshall
Are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester?  The dinner with Dean May and others from the University is great in the fall.  But last year, we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from Enron.  This can be simple and we don't have to coordinate around the schedule of any UT faculty or staff.  But it does allow Enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen.  --Sally 
I am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 University of Texas Enron MBA Excellence Scholarships:
Christopher Cashman 
SooPang Tang 
Holland Brown 
Each student will receive $10,000 in scholarship money based on their essays, interviews and on how they exemplified the vision, values and beliefs of Enron.
I have already notified  the winners, so  please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done 
Special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners.   Stay tuned for details on the date and time for the Scholarship Awards dinner slated for early next semester!
E-mail: christopher.cashman@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-836-6489
E-mail: soopang.tang@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-708-0161
E-mail: holland.brown@mba02.bus.utexas.edu Phone:  512-440-1142
FYI... All of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team (Sally Beck, Andrea Reed, Roger Ondreko and Loftus Fitzwater).  I will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider Enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester.
Thank you,
Karen Marshall
Bob,
Sally is out all day w/ UT recruiting function.  She will not be back into the office until 8:00 Thursday for CommodityLogic meeting.  I am forwarding this to Bob Hall - please check with him regarding how he would like this handled.
Thanks,
PT
Robert Superty
03/27/2001 05:14 PM
Sally, I have attached a brief document with the material you requested for Thursday's Commodity Logic meeting. 
Let me know if you would like to hand this out or just have me discuss without handouts. 
Tks - Bob Superty
In a recent CommodityLogic staff meeting, I took stock of the number of people and projects that I have provided from Energy Operations to that team.  From conversations that you and I have had, I get the impression that perhaps others have led you to believe that my commitment to CommodityLogic has been limited.  The truth is that I hand picked key members of the team and transferred projects that we were already undertaking in Energy Operations to round out the suite of products to be offered through CommodityLogic.  I just thought that it might be helpful for you to have the facts so that you are fully informed whenever you are involved in conversations around CommodityLogic. 
Staffing Contributions
CommodityLogic Project Manager (NomLogic):  Carrie Slagle, Manager
CommodityLogic Project Maanger (Integration):  Susan Harrison, Manager
CommodityLogic Project Manager (ContactLogic)  Mary Solmonson, Senior Director
CommodityLogic Team Member (NomLogic):  Molly Sumrow, Specialist
User Requirement and Testing Staff:  Energy Operations Gas Schedulers, Power Confirmation Team and 		Financial Settlements 
Projects Transferred to CommodityLogic
NomLogic (previously known as Contract Exchange in Energy Operations)
ContactLogic (global databases in Energy Operations) 
Two of the Project Managers on the team, Carrie Slagle and Susan Harrison, were transferred from Energy Operations to CommodityLogic.  Both had worked in managerial roles in our natural gas business, reporting to Brent Price.  Both had been significantly challenged in the first half of 2000 by roles where they were charged with managing large teams of people.  But knowing both Carrie and Susan well, I viewed them as valuable members of the operations team who know a lot about the business.  Both have proven in the past to be good project leaders. Therefore, identifying them as project managers for CommodityLogic made a lot of sense -- providing gas operations experience to the CommodityLogic effort and utilizing their skills most appropriately .  Brent Price and I worked together to sell Susan and Carrie on the assignment and to transition them to their CommodityLogic roles very quickly 
One of the key team members working under Carrie Slagle on NomLogic was a scheduler on our gas team (Molly).  Bob Hall, our opeartions controller over natural gas, suggested that a scheduler on the team would be valuable, since Carrie and Susan have actually never scheduled gas themselves.  NomLogic was already a project that was underway in Energy Operations.  We started the project shortly after the tremendous ramp up in natural gas volumes due to EOL transactions.  We called the project Contract Exchange, and Bob Superty, who is the daily manager over gas logistics, was the project sponsor.  Tom looped in our Contract Exchange project into CommodityLogic and subsequently renamed it NomLogic.  Molly had been a member of the Contract Exchange project team, and we transfered her along with the project to CommodityLogic 
Many of my key employees in gas scheduling, confirmations and settlements work very closely with the various CommodityLogic project managers.  It is input from my group that has created the modules by defining user requirements and they have served as the testing teams as well 
In the fall, I assigned Mary Solmonson to focus full time on CommodityLogic.  I recognized that we needed more senior level involvement and I viewed Mary's participation as a good way to leverage my time.  Previously, she was a senior director managing our Global Databases group.  With an IT development background and a very thorough knowledge of our operations business, Mary was the perfect candidate out of my direct report team to focus on CommodityLogic.  Unfortunately, her recent health problems will curtail her involvement going forward.  During the five months that she was assigned to CommodityLogic, Mary developed a plan for ContactLogic that Tom feels is excellent and notes that it is an important complement to the other modules 
Early in the project, I had also selected two very key and knowledgeable operations professionals to be part of the  CommodityLogic team - Leslie Reeves, who played a significant role in building Enron's power business from day one, and Todd Hall, with experience in natural gas and emerging products.  They were part of the  CommodityLogic team in the early days, and both made personal decisions to exit the team and return to managing mid and back office operations.   Susan Harrison and Carrie Slagle were their replacements on CommodityLogic 
Thanks for your list.  I will add these to our Hot List.  Let me know about the A/R.  Thanks 
Would love to hear about your trip in more detail.  --Sally 
Peggy Hedstrom 03/26/2001 01:54 PM 	
The following are the main items being worked on in Calgary:
Operational risk assessment
Risk book conversion
Retail operations
Toronto support
IT Development - staffing, identification & prioritization of office requirements
Unify testing
I will check with Laura Scott on the A/R question and let you know.
Peg
FYI - sounds as if Michelle is accepting.  Do you have anything firm from her?  --Sally 
Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  --Sally 
Ms. Beck:   Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again.   Yours truly,   Michelle Yee  (512) 495-3264  myee@mail.utexas.edu 
FYI
I will be out of the office on Wednesday, March 28.  I will be in Austin interviewing 1st year MBA students for the Enron Scholarships.  This will be the third year that Enron will give two to three $10,000 scholarships to top MBA students for use in their second year in business school.  It's great PR for Enron on campus (largest MBA scholarships given) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well.  We hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an Associate in Generation Investments in Enron Americas.  Gene Humphrey was the senior member of the four-person interview team.  Now that is me.  This is just a day trip, and I will check messages during breaks and will be back in Houston late Wednesday afternoon 
I will also be in New York on Friday, March 30.  Steve Kean asked that I be the Enron participant at a Women in Business panel discussion at Columbia School of Business.   I think that the list of female MD's with their MBA is a short one 
Frank & Hector,
Here is the list of contractors that Kymberly sent Sally - please compare to list from Peggy McCurley that Sally gave you last week.
Thanks,
Patti x39106
1)  I believe that Tom Martin is talking with Chris Germany about taking the logistics role for the Texas region with Daren's planned departure.  Please coordinate with Tom and Bob Superty on where they are in this process of replacing Daren 
2)  I am not sure that I know what database you are referencing.  He is on the current proposed org chart for Netco Energy Operations under Operational Databases (part of the Documentation team).  It is correct that his name is on the list that I provided to you yesterday 
Let me know if you have any other questions.  --Sally 
Sally -
I have 2 questions from the list that you provided this evening.
1.  Daren Farmer is on the list for Gas Logistics.  Jeanie advised that Daren resigned and his last day is Friday.  Need a replacement.
2.  Israel Estrada is on the list for Documentation, however, he is no longer showing in our database.  Do we need to add back?
Thanks again!
Amy
I am so glad that you will be able to interview.  I will look forward to seeing you in Austin on Wednesday.  --Sally 
Loftus Fitzwater@
03/23/2001 08:37 AM
Sally & Karen:
I will be able to make it on Wednesday and look forward to the trip.  It will be great to be involved on the other side of the table.  I have made flight arrangements and will see you on Wednesday 
Karen - my location is 3137a if you have any material to deliver. 
Fitz
Thanks for your note.  I really enjoyed visiting with you over dinner.  I am so glad to hear that you will be joining us at Enron this summer.  I know that you will find it to be an exciting place.  Please let me know what your start date will be.  I would love to schedule a lunch with you soon after you arrive.  I hope that you will consider me a ready resource for any questions that you have both before you arrive and once you are in the door at Enron.  --Sally 
Ms. Beck:   Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to attend the Enron Dinner at Sullivans last Wednesday. Your enthusiasm and energy reaffirmed my decision to come on board with Enron this summer. It was a pleasure meeting you, and I hope we can keep in touch. I am very excited about the opportunity to work at Enron, and I look forward to seeing you this summer. Thanks again.   Yours truly,   Michelle Yee  (512) 495-3264  myee@mail.utexas.edu 
Bob & Leslie,
Sally asked me to set up several meetings for next week.   1st one - subject:  exactly what CommodityLogic is going to mean to us and how it will work for us.  She wants the two of you plus:  Leslie - can you designate your best person for ConfirmLogic & InvoiceLogic and Bob your best person for NomLogic.  Probably 1 &1/2 hours Monday.  Please let me know your availability.
2nd one:  Will probably be Thursday morning - can you check availability for this one also (2 hours).  Participants would be all of the above + Greg Piper, Tom Gros, Carrie Slagle, Project Managers for InvoiceLogic, ConfirmLogic, & BankLogic + Mark Taylor in Legal.  Purpose:  Discussion between Project Managers and end users on CommodityLogic.
I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.  I will talk to Greg's assistant re: his availability on Thursday and get back with you on 2nd meeting.
Thanks,
Patti x39106
I will be in New York on business on March 30th.  Sorry that I will not be able to attend.  The other person that I would send in my place is Beth Apollo.  However, she will be on vacation next week.  Can you give me any info that may be made available?  Thanks. =20
Gwynn Gorsuch@
03/22/2001 03:31 PM
You are invited to an Open House on=20
Friday, March 30, 2001
When: =099:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.=20
Where:  =09Conference Room EB 42c1
Why:=09Learn about:=20
?=09diversity recruiting sources, including upcoming conferences=20
?=09diversity training=20
?=09harrassment training (free!)
?=09EEO training for managers (free!)
?=09training/development conferences=20
?=09affirmative action:  what is it, what is it not, what it means for you
?=09diversity publications
Tell us:=20
?=09What will help your organization
?=09What will help you do diversity better
?=09How we can help you do your jobs better
Who:=09Your friends in Corp. Diversity and the Office of Labor and Employment Relations
Bonus:=09Snacks and Munchies galore
,
Gwynn Gorsuch
Enron Corp.
Workforce Diversity
713.853.7407 direct line
713.646.2144 fax
Here is Rick's response - sounds more like a concern on his part on losing people and some of their reasons cited for leaving.  Do you know who has left Sally- got your voice mail as well. Don't want to create more meetings. Just had a total of three market risk people quit or transfer and each one said one of the considerations was they spent so much time on operational issues that they weren't developing as they should analyzing portfolio risk. I think it might be best if we have a meeting or two and see what issues are identified. It may be better to split in two meetings as you suggested. I need to hear what the nature of the problems are. Some I know like ees, metals, uk power but I think there may be some other fundamental issues that are hindering progress here. No need for you to attend. I will let you know what we come up with including if there are no issues at all! Rick
Focusing the right people on the right issues is always a good idea.  I would like to visit with you to understand what you mean by "operational issues".  My team has a meeting every other Monday focused on operational risk and we have various working groups that focus on key projects or initiatives that vary with need.  A daily meeting on operational issues would need to have the appropriate team members there, and I hesitate to add an additional meeting to any key folks on my team if operational projects/initiatives are being covered either in our Monday operational risk meeting or in another forum.   --Sally 
I think the daily IT issue meeting has been quite successful in addressing problems in systems and working toward resolution on systems related issues. I would like to expand the scope of this meeting to include daily operational issues as well. 
I plan on restarting my attendance at these meetings on Wednesday. Can the RAC people listed above please make a start at some of the recurring issues.
Thanks, Rick
Leslie Reeves and I met today with Mark Taylor and Mark Haedicke to discuss the eliminination of confirmations for transacations executed on EnronOnline.  Mark Taylor has been supportive of the elimination of confirmations, and in the meeting today Mark Haedicke agreed.  This elimination of confirmations will have to be reviewed on a counterparty by counterparty basis, and for each counterparty, commodity by commodity 
Next steps:  Document EOL process and records that can evidence the execution of a transaction (ease of availability, type of 		record available, retention schedule for records, etc. (Sheri Thomas?)
Create a priortized list of counterparties to be approached for elimination of confirmations - large number of 			transactions, those that have asked for paper-relief, etc. (Leslie Reeves/Kim Theriot)
Set up meeting with Andy Zipper, Jay Webb, Tom Gros, Mark Taylor, Jeff Hodge (Legal-Physical Gas), Elizabeth 		Saeger (Legal-Power), and Leslie Reeves to review game plan for elimination of confirmations and impact on 		ConfirmLogic (my assistant will set up meeting) 
FYI
I spoke with Sally regarding the cessation of sending confirms for EnronOnline transactions, and she mentioned that the question was raised as to how long we store transaction details on EnronOnline.
We store all transactions on the database since inception, in order to facilitate customer transaction searches. This data is the basic buy/sell, commodity, location, volume, price, customer, userid, and time info. In addition for a rolling 45 day period we store the web server info which is much more detailed and has product ID's, session ID's and so forth. At the end of 45 days it is archived and retrievable. when you put these two together you have a very complete picture of what happened to a transaction attempt.
I hope this answers any questions you may have. If not let me know.
Andy Zipper
I enjoyed lunch, too.  Glad you included Kristin.  When do Jo and the kids leave for England?  We should try to have lunch with our gangs before then.  Let me know.  --Sally 
I enjoyed lunch. Nice to get together.
Talk soon.
B.
Thanks for the invitation.  I will be out of town April 25 through 27, so unfortunately I will have to miss the game.  --Sally
Please open the attached slide for an invitation for the CommodityLogic TeamBuilding.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at ext. 35586.
Thank you.
Maria Sandoval
Sr. Administrative Asst.
CommodityLogic Dept.
office: 713-853-5586
fax: 713-345-7771
Please put this on my calendar.  Thanks. 
Please join us for a floor meeting consisting of a general overview and Q&A Session.
Date:			Tuesday, May 2, 2001
Time:		2:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.
Location:		In front of EB3746A
Philippe & Greg
Thanks.  --Sally 
FYI.
FYI
Raj and Kristin:
Sorry for the delay in sending you the list.   Traveling between New York
and Houston sometimes takes away valuable working hours.   As discussed in
the meeting, the attached list is very preliminary and is an on-going
working document.  Forms A, B and C are provided to you to illustrate the
type of information we would like to capture upon detailed analysis of the
trading positions and the associated market values.  At this juncture,
please do not complete any of these forms until we have further
discussions.
,
Cindy
Cindy Ma
Corporate Finance
Ernst & Young LLP
787 Seventh Avenue
New York, NY 10019
PH: 212 773 2638
FAX: 212 773 8008
EY Comm: 9362463
(See attached file: Info Request_Jan 11_02.xls)
______________________________________________________________________
The information contained in this message may be privileged and
confidential and protected from disclosure.  If the reader of this message
is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for
delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error,
please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it
from your computer.  Thank you.  Ernst & Young LLP
Glad you followed up - I don't know why you would have been deleted, but I am glad that is straightened out. I will look for the feedback form via e-mail.  Thanks. 
Sally,
After some phone calls today, I learned that I was deleted from the attendee list for May 16 and 17.  However, they stretched and admitted me.  Because of the "late" entry, the process for soliciting feedback is different than other attendees.  I provided my list today, and as I understand it, they will be sending the solicitation via E-mail to you.
Just wanted to give you a heads up.
Thanks for your feedback.
Brenda
Thanks for your note.  I am glad that you liked the pictures.  We would love to have you here for the recital and to spend the night.  If you thought it would work, you could come over on Monday night and we could enjoy dinner together.  I could take the day off from work on Tuesday and we could do some fun things, before what would probably be a more rushed dinner Tuesday night before heading to Amanda's recital.  Then you could make your drive back on Wednesday after breakfast Whatever works for you will be great, though 
I am heading to Los Angeles tomorrow for the National Charity League National meeting.  Patti is sending you my flight and hotel info.  My Thursday night is open, and I will be getting with Sue that night.  She lives in Whittier, so not too far for her to come and pick me up.  I know that we will have a good time catching up. 
Sally, thanks so much for your mailing-the pictures were wonderful especially  
good and really like the one of the three of you,  David, and Meagan Dad and I feel that driving over for the Mother's Day brunch and then staying  
for the recital would be too long.  You are always so gracious about inviting  
us to your special events 
1.  However, we are making plans to drive over for the recital and spend the  
night then, if that would be all right?  Still comtemplating about the  
baseball game- I know it would be quite a wonderul experience to see the new  
field.  Will let you know soon. 
Love Mom 
We have set Monday, June 11 for the date of our Operations PRC that will include employees that are supporting ENA, EGM and EIM.  You mentioned that your functional PRC will be set for sometime between June 7 and June 14.  It would certainly be best from my point of view if my PRC occurs prior to your functional PRC.  While a number of PRC meetings will be held within Operations during the week of June 4 in preparation for our June 11th meeting, that will be the first date where we will cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across ENA, EGM and EIM operations 
I thought that it might be helpful to know the date of my operations PRC meeting in setting the date for your meeting.  Please let me know as soon as a date has been set for your PRC 
Thanks 
Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 
You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar 
My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting 
I always like to heart good news.  I can't say that I have been deluged with examples since that meeting in January.  I will ask Patti to set up a meeting sometime this week for us to get together.  --Sally 
As you closed the Operational Risk Meeting you asked us to inform you of good news.  Therefore, I would like to meet with you for about 30 minutes to give you a brief update on the expanding role of Global Rates Services.  I gave both Beth and James this brief presentation and would like to share it with you, when you get a few minutes in your hectic schedule.
Please let me know when you get a few moments.
I can't say that this will make me sad to lose this job.  Enjoy it!  --Sally 
Just in case you really miss all those emails you previously received, Andy has approved moving this responsibility to me....I know you are going to miss those dearly!
hope all is well!
Sheri
I don't recall making this request.  Who did you hear this from?  Maybe that person could shed light on this for both of us.=20
There was some confusion among the HR groups a couple of weeks ago with the name that was assigned to your cost center for accounting purposes - didn't match the organizational name that is used for your group.  I wonder if that is where this is coming from?  Norma (whose last name I don't know) who works for Robert Jones in HR was in the midst of the confusion.  The RC name that was used had "IBS" in it and was rather long, but didn't obviously seem to relate to your team.  Question was whether or not this RC reported in through Operations.  When I asked Norma to read me the names of employees in that RC, it included Kathy Reeves and her team.  I told her that we had not used the term "IBS" in a while.  Norma asked if the RC name should be consistent with the organizational name of the group.  I said that makes sense and she said she would follow up on that.  But that should have been a name change, not the opening of a new cost center.  See if any of this info gets us back on the right track.  --Sally=20
I understand that you requested that a separate Cost Center be set up for the Calgary Risk group.  Any special reason?  Do I need to set up separate Cost Centers for the rest of my departments? =20
Peg
I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th.  If you join us for discussions on VP's, we will review Brent Price, Bob Hall, Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo.  If you want to sit in on review of senior directors, that would pick up Leslie Reeves, James Scribner, Brenda Herod, Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover.  --Sally 
I would love to hear more about the people who work for you.  However, I don't want to disrupt 
Have it put on my calender and I can come to it when you are getting ready to do VPs.
Your thoughts?
GP
Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 
You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar 
My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting 
Enron made most offers to summer interns as a result of campus interviews several months ago.  At that time, I had surveyed my direct reports to determine the number of summer interns that we thought we could effectively accomodate and I provided that number to the recruiting staff.  I understand from Ted Bland that the recruiting team is in the process of assigning summer interns to job opportunities and needs.  You might check with Lexi Elliot (one of the campus recruiters) to see if the number of incoming interns has matched the business needs.  If we have more jobs than interns, then Lexi could help in the process of interviewing Debbie for a position.  My last conversation with Ted Bland led me to believe that we had a sufficient number of incoming interns, but it wouldn't hurt to check with Lexi.  --Sally 
Hi Sally,
I just wanted to touch base and see if you know of anyone who has an opening in their dept for a summer student.  Debbie Wang is a third year marketing major and is interested in working at Enron.  She is the daughter of an I/T developer which I mentioned to you previously (Richard Wang).  I would appreciate any thoughts 
Thanks,
Avril
x58768
On PRC:  In the next few days, I will be able to give Tina an idea on the time when we will start Senior Directors in the June 11th meeting and we will keep you posted that day on timing. 
Contracts:  I met this morning with Robert Jones and Ryan Seleznov on contracts for Brent and Bob.  They were going to get with Michelle Cash today with the goal of having contract drafts for me by the end of the day. (Legal has their offsite starting Wednesday, so we will be out of luck for legal help after today.)  I will keep you posted.  I believe that these new contracts will be well received. 
Q2 Goals:  Patti has the meeting on my calendar with you and Philippe for next Monday at 3:00 
--Sally 
I would like to come in at the senior director level.
Also, Robert told me you would get Brent and Bob done on contracts.
Also, I am setting up a meeting Monday with you, me and Philippe to just review your mid/back office goals for Q2.  Hopefully we can get a consensus on you spending most of your time with operations goals this quarter.  Assuming we can reach agreement, we can then go give Whalley the facts.
Thanks.
GP
I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th.  If you join us for discussions on VP's, we will review Brent Price, Bob Hall, Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo.  If you want to sit in on review of senior directors, that would pick up Leslie Reeves, James Scribner, Brenda Herod, Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover.  --Sally 
I would love to hear more about the people who work for you.  However, I don't want to disrupt 
Have it put on my calender and I can come to it when you are getting ready to do VPs.
Your thoughts?
GP
Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 
You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar 
My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting 
Let's coordinate on needs for confirmations and settlements.  Can someone on your team specify what their needs will be?  Then we can determine the best method to obtain the machines.  I will have copies of the floor plans for 5 and 6 sometime this morning -- we should determine best placement for these.  --Sally 
Sally,  it doesn't appear that the fax machines already in ECS will be sufficient for your needs.  Let me know if you would like us to assist your group in getting additional fax machines.  I have to believe that there are numerous excess machines around here.   JR
Jenny 
There are 25 owned and 6 leased fax machines on ECS 05 & 06 per the UBS asset scheduled.  After doing a walk though on the floors, the machines are concentrated in certain business areas.  Current machine placement will not accommodate the type of usage that I suspect Sally's group will need to have.
My suggestion is that the settlements group(s) bring their fax machines with them, and we have the numbers changed.
Paige
S. Paige Cox
Director 
Global Infrastructure
Enron Net Works
office:	713-853-5428
cell:	281-830-1111
paige.cox@
Did the numbers that we gave you yesterday on Operations hold up after your meeting with UBS?
Amy Fitzpatrick is calling me to get names.  Our primary focus yesterday was on number of positions.  We identified names in most cases, but not all.  Before that is finalized and I pass names along to Amy, I wanted to know if we were okay with the numbers.   Please let me know.  Names can be finalized this afternoonis we are set on numbers 
--Sally
x35926
Cell:  713-417-1591  
FYI 
We should discuss on the next call
Michael R Brown
25/04/2001 16:59
Industrial Markets (led by Bruce Garner in Europe and Jeff McMahon worldwide) is expecting significant growth this year 
Jeff and Bruce expect that by year end, they will have approximately 45 commercial people in Europe and will need significant support for their efforts.
This is a very exciting new business area for us in Europe and we need to ensure that they have sufficient resource dedicated to help them in their efforts.  Could each of you sit down with Bruce and agree the resource which will be dedicated to his group.  As a base proposition, all resources should be sourced out of Europe and each group must have at least one person who is accountable to Bruce for support.  Costs will be re-charged in the normal way.
Please let Jeff and I know what is agreed and call me if there are any difficulties.
Thanks.
Michael
Thanks for copying me on Michael Brown's note.  Brenda Herod flew to London last night and should be in the London office today.  I am sure that she will be spending some time with you on this.  She and I visited briefly yesterday about an effective model for support in London for the pulp and paper effort.  So as to not steal her thunder, it will suffice to say that I am comfortable that the two of you can hit upon a good solution and that it will feel much more cooperative than the existing EGM model.  --Sally 
We should discuss on the next call
Michael R Brown
25/04/2001 16:59
Industrial Markets (led by Bruce Garner in Europe and Jeff McMahon worldwide) is expecting significant growth this year 
Jeff and Bruce expect that by year end, they will have approximately 45 commercial people in Europe and will need significant support for their efforts.
This is a very exciting new business area for us in Europe and we need to ensure that they have sufficient resource dedicated to help them in their efforts.  Could each of you sit down with Bruce and agree the resource which will be dedicated to his group.  As a base proposition, all resources should be sourced out of Europe and each group must have at least one person who is accountable to Bruce for support.  Costs will be re-charged in the normal way.
Please let Jeff and I know what is agreed and call me if there are any difficulties.
Thanks.
Michael
Please approve this request.  Brent Price is my direct report and is responsible for the RC's included in this request.  Thanks.  --Sally Beck 
Let's try this one?..    Sally, can you please approve this for Brent. He need his log on passwords to approve online?. Thank you 
For approval please send an email to SAP Security approving this attachment? 
Dear Ms. Villanueva,
Your iBuyit Security Request Form arrived with no roles, such as 'Employee' or 'Approver,'  checked. Unfortunately, we are unable to begin processing Mr. Price's request until we receive a copy of the iBuyit Security.doc with his choices noted in the appropriate check boxes. Please, resubmit the form with the desired  choices checked. 
Furthermore, to facillitate the rapid and smooth processing of this Security Request Form, you should be aware that those requesting the user role of "Approver" must have their supervisor email the request to us AND that the Supervisor must state, in the body of the email, that the request is appoved.
Thanks,
Karen
SAP Security
Brent has just been asked to approve on Ibuyit and we have not requested passwords,  can this be processed quickly. We're not sure of the timing on the return for the request currently out there for Brent.  Please let me know as soon as we can get a password for him.  Thank you so much I have put the staff meeting referenced at the bottom of John's message on my calendar.  Please check with Kim on the location and as to whether or not future dates are set.  Also, please check to see if date for offsite has been set.  We are trying to schedule a vacation, and it would help to know the dates of the offsite.  Thanks. 
Hello everyone.
In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility.  Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite, probably in late June (once Louise is back from holiday (just kidding)).  I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success. 
I would like suggestions as to:
1)  Where to go.
2)  What should be the focus of the business meetings.
3)  Should we have business meetings or should we do something else (ie. climb a mountain)?  I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain. 
4)  And any other ideas you have.
In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month.  The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m.  Please add this to your schedule.  I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility.  Portland, Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference 
John
FYI -
Tom/Sally,
The Financial and Power Confirmation team performed testing this morning as well as this afternoon on the ConfirmLogic module.  Testing went extremely well in both cases.  We feel very comfortable with the functionality and display of information contained within the module.  All of our major issues have been resolved.  Therefore, I am comfortable giving my approval that ConfirmLogic is ready for release to the Beta Customers for testing.  Below is a comprehensive list of the current business parameters as well as the business issues to be discussed and resolved during Beta testing.
Kim Theriot
Dear Kim:
The CommodityLogic team presents ConfirmLogic to Enron for the beta program, which Enron will be a key participant. The following are the current parameters for how the system will perform during this program.
Negative Confirmation
?If deal status is 'Pending' and current date is 3 business days past the post date; ConfirmLogic changes deal status from 'Pending' to 'Confirmed 
Updating Existing Deals
?No restrictions on updates - counterparties can send deal changes at any time for any deal.
Viewing Confirmed Deals
?ConfirmLogic allows view-only capability to deals that have been confirmed (user cannot post inquiry or add deal number).
Deal Types Offered
?ConfirmLogic will be offering the following deal types Financial Natural Gas: Swaps, Gas Daily Swap, Options, Gas Daily Options Swaptions
Financial Power: Swaps, Options, Swaptions
Physical Power: Forwards, Index Forwards, Options, Swaption 
During the beta program the following open issues related to the system functionality will be discussed with our beta clients in order to establish an industry standard.  The goal will be to modify the system with the final business rules for the commercial release.  Enron will participate in the discussion and decision making process during the program.
Negative Confirmation
?Mirror industry standard and apply same rule for all deal types.
Expiration of Inquired Deals
?Expire inquired deals when no actions have been taken for a defined period of time.
Updating Existing Deals  
?Allow updates and develop method for defining intent of information published to CommodityLogic.
Agreement on Other Terms
?Assumed agreement for terms not presented in ConfirmLogic in place between counterparties before committing to use module.
Kathryn Cordes, ModuleManager ConfirmLogic
Please see if you can get this to print so that I get all of the info.  I tried it 100 times on Friday and could only one page to print, which did not include all of the information.  Thanks.  NEED THIS TODAY Sally,
The attached file shows the detail of plan headcount for December 31, 1998 through 2001.  The only number that I still have a question about, is for EGM December 2001, the number I have in the file only represents the people moving into Networks from EGM (Brent's group).  I left a message with Tom Myers, to get the correct number I have also added the graphs that we discussed, which show increase in headcount along with increase in deal counts.
If you have any questions, let me know.
Thanks,
Brian
You are welcome to attend any of these.  In fact, it is helpful for cross calibration purposes if there is some cross over in the meetings.  Do get with Jeff and Stacey before the meetings to give them ffeedback on those book administrators who are problematic 
PATTI:  Please add Beth to the attendee list for the Risk and Settlements PRC meetings.  Thanks. 
Do you mind if I attend the Risk Management PRC   -- I really want to bring up the folks who are creating problems on a regular basis for Shona's team
Also wouldn't mind attending the Settlements one  -- just as a reference point for some of the GCP folks
Beth
The dates have been set for the Mid Year PRC pre-meetings (with exception of EGM & EIM) and Sally's final PRC meeting .  I have attached a preliminary listing of the meetings and their possible participants - most of these names are from last year's list.  Please check your pre-meeting list and make whatever additions/deletions that you see fit.  Additionally, if you have a major conflict with any of these dates, please let me know immediately.  Please return this back to me with your final attendee list - by Monday if possible.
Thanks for your assistance,
Patti x39106
We are planning a meeting with the teams lead by Meredith,  Mark Evans and Mary Lynne Ruffner this afternoon - you should be getting information from Meredith shortly with time and location.  During that meeting we will clarify this memo for everyone.  --Sally 
Sally,
help!! what does this exactly mean to me & my group??
,
NH
Given the growth in EES it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between EES and EWS.  This will provide EES with the systems, resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities.
With this in mind and in agreement with the management of EES, two new risk groups inside Enron Americas will be formed to provide EES with pricing, structuring, retail and wholesale commodity risk management, logistics and back-office services.  These groups main function is to provide these services to EES.  We have asked Rogers Herndon, currently Vice President-Trading in the Eastern Power Group to manage this function in the Eastern Interconnect (this includes both gas and power).  Rogers will continue to report to Kevin Presto.  We have asked Don Black, formerly Vice President-EES Risk Management and Sourcing, to manage this function in the Western U.S.  Don will manage this group from Houston and will report to Tim Belden.
These groups will work very closely with EES to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations.
These changes are effective immediately.  Please congratulate Rogers and Don on their new roles.
John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen
At the end of my 3:00 meeting with Philippe and Greg today I will get clarification about the international travel.  It is hard for me to believe that Philippe or Beth Perlman or Greg Piper will fly coach to London.  I will keep you posted.  -Sally 
I assume this (number 8)  coach class international travel does not apply to doorstep.  We will not get anyone to go to these places if so.
Also, what about London travel?
Beth
Please review and abide by the following travel policy and best practices.
Feel free to call either Tina Spiller or Peggy McCurley if you have any travel policy questions. 
Thank you.
FYI - You may want to review the process for managing stacks on EOL and be certain that those to whom access is granted is in compliance with the list of authorized traders maintained by RAC.  I don't think that RAC needs to have approval, but we should be cross referencing requests to manage stacks on EOL with the approved trader list.  This may be part of your process.  If not, it probably should be incorporated.  Then you may want to educate the RAC team on your approval process.  Let me know if you need and help or support from me 
Hope that all is well.  --Sally 
FYI
Help!
It appears that EOL is being given out to people who have not received authorization to trade.  The latest is someone reporting up through Jean Mrha. (John Grass)  Why doesn't RAC require that anyone requesting authorization to get EOL get approved through RAC.  I'm sure Lavo doesn't know (or maybe he does) that we have yet another unauthorized trader to rein in.
Any suggestions?
Frank
Congratulations on a job done well in a short period of time.  Your note of thanks to everyone was a nice one.   I am sure that the team appreciates your leadership.  --Sally 
The Estate version of the systems were commissioned successfuly onto Estate hardware this weekend with the users completing their testing on sunday, and it looks as though we are in good shape for doing the same for NetCo this week.
Just a few weeks ago there was a lot of doubts that it could be done, but thanks to a great display of team work, and just plain hard work, with many late nights (and a few sleep overs....), we met our first major milestone  
Thanks for the outstanding efforts over the last two weeks, that made this weekend possible  
Steve
Thanks for copying me on this note.  I have sent a suggestion to Sheri and asked her to respond to Frank  Hayden.  --Sally 
FYI
Help!
It appears that EOL is being given out to people who have not received authorization to trade.  The latest is someone reporting up through Jean Mrha. (John Grass)  Why doesn't RAC require that anyone requesting authorization to get EOL get approved through RAC.  I'm sure Lavo doesn't know (or maybe he does) that we have yet another unauthorized trader to rein in.
Any suggestions?
Frank
Good solution - and you are right, this falls under our normal Educational Assistance program.  Thanks for the update.  --Sally 
Just to keep you in the loop.  I have encouraged here not to go for the "Executive Program" but to go for a regular MBA at U of H  -- there will be no time off of work, it is an evening/weekend program.
I am in the process of filling out a reference form for her.
My understanding is that this falls under the normal Enron Educational assistance program and we don't have to get any other approvals.
Is this the correct approach?
Beth
The name that I couldn't remember when we spoke yesterday if Geoffrey Mann - Americas CEO.  Accompanying him will be Jim Martino from the Austin office.  They will be here at 9:00 and I will have them come to the 33rd floor and I will meet with them for a few minutes.  Then I can call you and walk them to wherever you are going to meet with them. 
Again, thanks for making this work for your schedule.  Business decisions about what Viviance can provide for you are clearly yours.  I do appreciate your willingness to give them your time and a fair "audience".  I know that my sister is very bullish on the quality of the product that they deliver 
I look forward to seeing you again on Thursday morning and to meeting Mr. Mann.  You will need to check in at the front desk in the lobby.  Usually, the process is that they will call to let me know that you are here.  My extention is 35926.  You will get a visitors badge and then you will go to the 33rd floor.  There is a reception area on 33.  I will meet you there.  --Sally Beck 
Tom,
Thanks for returning my call. Our CEO Geoffrey Mann is in Austin from New
York and he and I will be meeting with Sally Beck at 9am on Thursday at
Enron. My understanding is that Sally will walk us down to your office after
we finish.
I look forward to discussing how we can assist you with your e-learning
needs on Leadership Training and other content that needs to be technology
enabled.
Please contact me with any questions.
,
Jim Martino
Vice President of Sales
Viviance new education, Inc.
200 East Sixth St. Ste. 301
Austin, Texas 78701
Tel:512-481-1595
Fax:512-481-9525
website: www.viviance.com
email: jmartino@viviance.com
"We increase your Return on Education"
Hello Tom,
Joel from our New York office has briefed me on your elearning needs for
Leadership Training. I would like to discuss these with you further and
would be interested in coming out to visit with you in person. I am setting
up a meeting with
some other folks at Enron next week in Houston to discuss opportunities and
would like to see you on the same day if your schedule permits. How does
your schedule look for next week?
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Jim Martino
Vice President of Sales
Viviance new education, Inc.
200 East Sixth St. Ste. 301
Austin, Texas 78701
Tel:512-481-1595
Fax:512-481-9525
website: www.viviance.com
email: jmartino@viviance.com
"We increase your Return on Education"
Joel,
The following in a description of the classes we currently use in our
"leadership series."  For discussion reasons we'll refer t these classes
as "modules."  We are in the process of populating the list of module
classes with several offerings based on the following competencies:
Communication
Delegation
Staff development
Self development (leadership in general/technical skills)
conflict management
project management
performance feedback
motivating others
Goal setting
The outline of how we plan to implement the new leadership series is
attached.  Let me know if you have any questions   
Thanks,
Tom
713.345.7536
Coaching for Performance
DESCRIPTION:
Participants will understand and practice coaching skills for improving
and maintaining job performance and commitment. As a result of the
module, participants will learn new approaches and tools to use in the
workplace that improve job skills, reinforce and increase performance
levels, and enhance employee job satisfaction and commitment Understand the definition and purposes of coaching - Use
performance-problem analysis to identify the cause(s) of performance
problems and determine what the coaching focus should be - Practice
performance observation and document skills - Practice the discussion
steps for conducting coaching sessions to improve or reinforce
performance - Distinguish between formal and informal coaching and apply
the GPAR process for conducting an informal coaching sessions
Delegating and Directing
DESCRIPTION:
Participants learn to balance two dimensions of management: delegating
appropriate responsibility and authority to employees, while maintaining
sufficient monitoring and control. As a result of the module,
participants will be able to utilize management practices that enhance
efficiency and empowerment of employees. - Understand the relationship
between delegating and directing. - Understand the task-related and
employee-related considerations for successful delegating and directing.
- Identify opportunities for increasing and enhancing delegation and
direction on the job. - Support the increase of commitment and
productivity while reducing managerial stress.
Meeting Leadership Challenges
DESCRIPTION:
This module introduces the challenges and rewards of managing people and
helps participants create a plan for successfully meeting leadership
challenges. As a result of the module, participants will have an
understanding of the supervisory leadership role, and of their strengths
as they apply their leadership knowledge and skills. - Recognize three
skills needed to survive in times of accelerated change. - Review the
process of growth and change as explained by the Growth Curve Understand the skills and abilities required of Doers and managers Develop a vision of the ideal manager/supervisor/team leader. - Do a
reality check through self-assessment. - Create an action plan to
develop the skills, abilities and confidence to make the vision a
reality.
Communicating Effectively
DESCRIPTION:
Participants will learn the skills that facilitate and promote good
communication, as well as the behaviors that indicate a willingness to
communicate with others. As a result of the module, participants will
have new models and tools that enhance their willingness and ability to
communicate in the workplace. Understand the reason for, and
consequences of, poor communication. Apply the tools of good
communication: Responsive Listening, Questioning, Restating, and
Empathy. Practice using these communication tools in a work situation.
Identify behaviors that indicate positive and negative attitudes toward
communicating with others. Develop a strategy for overcoming barriers to
using communication skills on the job.
Motivating for results
DESCRIPTION:
This module will explore the supervisor's or team leader's role in
establishing conditions that allow direct reports and team members to
motivate themselves. As a result of the module, participants will gain
new models and tools to use in ways that influence employee motivation.
- Understand the Performance With Fulfillment module - Define motivation
- Relate the five factors of the Leadership and Motivation Model to
motivation - Apply skills/tools to put the Leadership and Motivation
Model into practice - Create an action plan for specific direct reports
or team members
Working Styles
DESCRIPTION:
This module helps participants understand how they perceive others and
how others perceive them on the basis of behavioral clues. It also
discusses what they can learn from those clues about working together
effectively. As a result of the module, participants will experience
less interpersonal tension with members of the team, or work unit, as a
result of knowing how to adapt to others' styles. They will also attain
a more collaborative focus at work because of energy saved from lack of
interpersonal tension - Understand the features of the four basic
working styles - Understand how others perceive you with regard to
working styles - Understand the concept of versatility and how it
impacts working together effectively - Practice versatility skills -
Understand the supervision and leadership issues relating to working
styles
- Manager Leader Training.doc  
Your list looked good and I approved all as reviewers.  We can talk about how the VP PRC process works - there will be an opportunity there to provide info to various commercial MD's that will be in attendance at the meeting.  We will make sure that we prepare the attendees well.  --Sally 
I put some review customers in the system.  Don't feel all that great about them, (from a commercial feedback standpoint)  Wondered if you feel these are appropriate.  We may not hear from some of these people -- but it is worth a shot.
I am open to any suggesions you have
Beth
Thanks for joining us for dinner last week.   It was good to see you again as well.  I hope that your temporary move to Houston goes smoothly.  Please call me with a contact number for you this summer.  We can get together while you are in town for your summer internship.  --Sally 
Hi Sally 
Good to see you again and thanks a lot for dinner last night.  I had a great time plus a good meal Good luck with your daughter's college application and have a wonderful weekend! 
Warm Soo Pang 
I know that the timing on choosing these interns was short.  Thanks for responding back to Jana so quickly.  And now most of them will be here next Monday!  Please be certain that you and your assistant are actively working on a location, phone and computer (with necessary access granted) for these interns.  I want to be certain that all interns have a very positive introduction to working at Enron 
This list excludes those that will assigned to EGM under Brent Price and his team.  As soon as I get an updated list from Jana, I will schedule a meeting for this week so that we can discuss how we will make the internships a success this summer.  All ideas will be welcome, so get creative before coming to the meeting.  Thanks.  --Sally  
Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:
Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.
I want to keep track of summer interns.  Please make me a desk file.  This list is missing summer interns under Brent.  I have asked Jana to send me an updated list.  I have also sent her a message letting her know that Sheri Thomas now reports into Andy Zipper and that she needs to communicate with Sheri and Andy directly regarding Greg Carlson's internship 
Also, did you keep copies of resumes of the analysts?  Can you pull resumes for the interns that will be assigned to us?  I would like to review them 
I also want to hold a meeting later this week with all supervisors who will have interns reporting to them.  Please check with the listed supervisor on Jana's list.  If one of their direct reports will actually be the primary supervisor, please get that name.  Thanks. -Sally 
Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:
Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.
FYI 
Your list does not include any interns under Brent Price ( he is one of my direct reports as well).  I understood that he does have some summer interns.  Can you update this list for me to include his interns 
Also, as of April 1, Sheri Thomas now reports to Andy Zipper in ENW, and not to me.  We included her on the distribution of resumes for summer interships since she originally was part of my team.  From this point forward, however, you should communicate directly with Sheri and Andy Zipper regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  I just want to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks for these interns as we make organizational changes.  .  Thanks.  --Sally 
Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:
Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.
Could I be included in these update meetings?  Rather than read the material after the fact and have you review it with me separately, it seems that it would make sense for me to be included in the update meeting that you hold with Rick.  Assuming that Rick is comfortable with that, can we do that going forward?  If all agree, please ask your assistant to let me know if a date has already been set for the next update.  Thanks 
for the 3 pm meeting ( 9 am Houston time )
Fiona McNaught
14/05/2001 10:18
Happy for Hector and Laura to attend.  --Sally 
I plan to attend, but would like to ask Hector McLoughlin and Laura Kinningham to attend if that is ok.  My role as Net Works HR support is winding down and Hector and Laura will have the direct interface with you and your direct reports.
Robert has talked to me about possibly working in another HR role for awhile and I should know more about that today or tomorrow.
Just a short note to let all of you know that the "Daily Update" Meeting for today is ON 
Time:		2:00pm
Location:	ECS 04075
Thanks,
Christina Valdez
Asst. to Sally Beck
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone - 713.853-9106
Fax     - 713.345.8100
christina.valdez@
Please print atttachment for me.  Thanks. 
for the 3 pm meeting ( 9 am Houston time )
Fiona McNaught
14/05/2001 10:18
Here are the two for Brent.  Please get copies of resumes from Jana.  Please set up a meeting for later this week with all who will be supervisors of interns.  Include Brent as well.  Thanks.  (thirty minutes will be fine) 
Sally,
The only people that will go to Brent's world are M. Yee who will be reporting to Todd Hall and Anne Beylin who will be reporting to Tom Myers.  Sorry about not getting them on the list.  We will work with Sheri through Andy Zipper's world going forward.  Thanks so much and if you need anything else, please let me know.  Thanks.
Your list does not include any interns under Brent Price ( he is one of my direct reports as well).  I understood that he does have some summer interns.  Can you update this list for me to include his interns 
Also, as of April 1, Sheri Thomas now reports to Andy Zipper in ENW, and not to me.  We included her on the distribution of resumes for summer interships since she originally was part of my team.  From this point forward, however, you should communicate directly with Sheri and Andy Zipper regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  I just want to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks for these interns as we make organizational changes.  .  Thanks.  --Sally 
Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:
Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.
Let's talk about this one.  _sally 
Sally,
FYI Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
,
Sarabeth Smith
Thanks for your note.  I have sent a message to Beth Apollo, who is James' supervisor.  Beth is out for the next two days, and will return to the office on Wednesday.  I will make sure that Beth and James make a point of talking with you about this opportunity.  --Sally 
Sally,
FYI Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
,
Sarabeth Smith
You may want to consider her.  We can discuss.  --Sally 
Sally,
FYI Last week, I submitted my resume to Molly Magee for the Director of Global Courterparty position that James Scribner has open within the Energy Operations Global Services Management organization.
It has been a desire of mine for sometime to be a part of your organization, and I look forward to being considered for this or other positions.
,
Sarabeth Smith
I regret that I will miss the first Global Accounting Steering Committee Meeting on Tuesday, May 15.  I am taking that day as a vacation day while my parents are in Houston for Amanda's piano recital. 
I will be in attendance at the next two meetings in May - the 22nd CAO Meeting and the 29th Steering Committee Meeting 
I will be out of the office on Tuesday, May 15.  I am taking a vacation day while my parents will be in town for my daughter's piano recital.  Patti (x39106) has cell and home numbers where I can be reached.  I will be back in the office on Wednesday, May 16 
Please print attachment in color.  Also print all other recent e:mails from Mechelle.  Thanks. 
Sally,
This is the communication summary we discussed.  I have detail behind the steps if you have any questions or would like to see more 
Please note that the "Management Closing Meeting" is referring to the meetings w/you and Wes that Bauer/Sorrells have been conducting in the past.
Thank you.
Mechelle
P.S.  Enjoyed lunch today!
It was a pleasure to meet you last week when you were in Houston.   You arrived with a some good advance "press" from Cindy, all of which was well founded.  I am glad that your meeting with Tom was fruitful and I am pleased that there may be a fit between Enron's needs and Vivance's offerings.  I know that Cindy is very enthusiastic about the quality product that Viviance delivers, so creating a win-win situation for both companies would be great.  I have e-mailed JIm Martino to keep me posted to the extent there is anything that I can do to help move along the process.  While I won't make the business decision here, I can certainly help to focus attention when needed 
Let me know when you will be back in Houston.  If you like Mexican food, I can introduce you to the best place in the state for a great meal.  --Sally 
Sally,
Sorry it took me so long, but just landed back in New York since last
Monday.  Please accept my sincerest of thanks for fitting Jim and me into
your already hectic schedule. After chatting with Tom Wilbeck, I do believe
that Viviance is the right decision for Enron.  Simply, Tom led us to
believe that a true discovery audit regarding the focus, needs, and delivery
should take place.  We just finished the same for DELL...this has proven to
be quite beneficial, as a study overview does give everyone involved a
better understanding of the right product for a specific company culture.
Just throwing content on a screen doesn't ensure, successful retention.  Our
mission, of education first, enables greater performance in the end.
Hopefully during my next trip down we could take some time for lunch or
dinner.  Your call. All my best, and again, thank you.
Respectfully
Geoffrey Mann
CEO/President North America
Viviance new education, Inc.
225 Lafayette Street, Suite 906
New York, New York 10012
212.219.9797
Fax: 212.219.0243
Cell: 516.983.0065
Email: gmann@viviance.com
www.viviance.com
Here is agenda for Causey's offsite next week.  I told Sharron that you would be in town and she said that you (and Anna) would certainly be welcome for all or part of the day.  FYI - the location for this meeting is at the Adams Mark Hotel.  This is not very close to downtown - would require a car or cab.  I would be glad to have you ride with me -- just let me know which things you would like to attend.  My thoughts are that I will not attend for the entire day - through lunch looks like a good point at which to break and head back to the office.  Let me know what you want to do so that we can schedule meetings around your choices for Wednesday.  --Sally 
8:30	Opening Remarks			  Rick Causey
9:15	Panel:  Cash Reporting and Forecasting	  Bob Butts, Wes Colwell, 
Tim Despain, Mary Perkins
10:15	Break
10:30	Panel:  New Enron Businesses	  Mike McConnell and Ray Bowen
11:30	I Buy it and GSS Update		  George Wasaff
12:00	Lunch
1:00	Project Sunrise Update		  Jan Johnson and Mark Frank
1:30	Interaction between Tax and Accounting  Greek Rice and Jim Ginty
2:00	Enron Center South Update		  Bill Donovan
2:30	Investor Relations Update		  Paula Rieker
3:15	Break
3:30	Trading Simulation			  Scott Neal
4:30	Reception
Pre cuts
Tammie Schoppe
Enron Americas-Office of the Chair
Assistant to Louise Kitchen
713.853.4220 office 
713.646.8562 fax
713.253.2131 mobile
Current costs.  In these plans we have expensed software and hardware which we will probably amortize.  Gets us around the $200mm mark.
June 12 works well for me.  It is likely that we will be on vacation on Friday, June 22.  My husband is finalizing airline reservations today, and to use our frequent flyer miles it looks as if we will have to fly on Friday, June 22 rather than Saturday, June 23.  --Sally 
Please respond with your availability for an all-day offsite meeting on media preparedness with Greg Piper and Vance Meyer.  The dates we are considering are June 12 and June 22.  If neither of these two dates initially don't work for you, please look at your schedule and consider whether you could possibly rearrange any of your appointments.
Many thanks,
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
Office 713.853.5746
tina.spiller@
I remember you well, Christine, from the recruiting process.  I would love to visit with you to catch up on what you have done at Enron to date and to talk with you about a rotation in my group.  By copy of this memo, I will ask my assistant to set up a time for us to get together.  I look forward to seeing you.  --Sally 
Sally,
My name is Christine Milliner, and I'm currently an analyst under Rod Hayslett in ETS finance and accounting.  I was also one of your recruits from UT in the fall '99 semester.  I have spoken with Ted Bland about options for my next rotation, and he mentioned your area as a possible fit.  I'd like to meet with you to discuss opportunities in your area and the contibution I could make to your group.  My resume is attached, for your review.  I appreciate your time and consideration.
Thank you,
Christine Milliner
713-345-8636
Peggy:  I will be at the meeting at 12:00, but will need to leave around 12:30 for a meeting with someone from London.  Our schedules wouldn't allow for any other time for us to get together, and I have some critical things to review regarding London.  --Sally 
The ENW Staff meeting for Thursday (05/17) will be held in EB27C2 from 12:00-1:30 pm.
Assistants:  Please let me know if your supervisor is unable to attend.  Thanks.
(I know that Mark Taylor and Tom Gros are out of the office).
Thanks -
Peggy McCurley
Office of the Chairman
Enron Net Works
(713) 853-1832
Peggy.McCurley@
Thanks for the details on the flowers.  That should be enough for us to produce something pretty and nostalgic for a coursage and boutineer 
David must have had a brain lapse - he forgot to mention that you had called.  Meagan and I were probably at the Bearkadette officers meeting at the time 
We really enjoyed your visit as well!  Thanks for supporting Amanda in her musical efforts.  --Sally 
Sally, I called last night and talked to David briefly, as I was going to  
give you the information on Dad's and my flowers in our wedding.  We think  
that Dad had a red carnation in his lapel-no color, so that is what we  
guessed.  Here is the description of my bouquet.  "She carried a formal  
bouquet of white orchids  encircled with lillies of the valley with tiny  
satin ribbon showers."  Primarily one sees the baby orchids iin the black and  
white picture. 
We surely had enjoyed our visit with all of you. 
Love, 
Mom 
We  need to talk. 
A near term goal for mid/back office commercialization is as follows:
First, we need to determine what each piece is in the mid/back office that can be commercialized and how we would separate these different pieces.  In other words, how we separate risk reporting and general ledger and where we put it at Enron.  How we put the physical gas nominations and power scheduling at the desks.  How we take the rest for gas and power (and/or financial) and create ProcessCo/ServiceCo as a separate entity or within Net Works.
Second, once we know the different pieces, can we separate them from a systems perspective ( I am assuming that separating people is straightforward)?
Third, assuming we can separate things, how we communicate back to the other parts.  In other words, how we communicate information back to Enron's SAP system, how we settle for Enron if they want ProcessCo to do physical settlements, how we receive information so we can deal capture and confirm, etc.  All the linkages.
Fourth, how we create an agreement between ProcessCo and EWS that defines payments, service levels, term, etc. that can be a model for other companies as well.
Fifth, how this all deals with CommodityLogic and its business model.
Sixth, if we go alone or work with someone like Arcordia (after Beth's meeting).
Finally, how we originate these deals and charge for our service.
I know that alot of this is being done in different parts on different time schedules, but I would like to get it all pulled together soon in the following format:
A draft of a contract between EWS and ProcessCo (or Net Works).  Also, a clear picture of what systems and functions would be in this entity.  Also, a recommendation on how Enron maintains its risk reporting and general ledger as well as physical noms and scheduling and where that stays in Enron and how those functions work with ProcessCo.
Sheri Thomas, Jeff Harbert, Frank Davis, Fred Philipson, and Andrea Crump are now full time reporting to Tom on commercialization, all have mid/back office experience and can help Beth and Sally with alot of this work before Tom comes back from his cruise at the end of next week.
Let's discuss Monday.
Thanks.
GP
Do you want my help in preparing something for Paul?  Would you like me to go with you when you meet with Paul 
Paul,
Thanks for lunch a few weeks ago.  Sounds like you have a ton of work and responsibility these days.
Also, thanks for working with Gros on CommodityLogic.  It is a great application that I think will help our industry better manage the ever increasing transaction flow.
In addition to CommodityLogic, and as a follow-up to our lunch, I would like to come over in a few weeks and sit down and show you and your team what we mean by "outsourcing" your mid and back office functions to our "ProsessCo/ServiceCo."  I think we have identified what types of services we could offer and under what type of arrangements.  Basically, you have risk reporting, general ledger, deal capture, confirmation, nominations/scheduling, volume management and settlements (invoice and cash payments/collections).  We will articulate how it works and how it hopefully makes sense for you to let us add a few more resources to accomodate your growing business instead of you building it from scratch 
I also talked to Whalley and Bibi about your concerns on security/neutrality, comparable service levels to Enron, term and the ability to do financial easier than physical.  We can go through all that as well.
I will contact you soon and arrange a time.
Let me know your thoughts.
Piper
PS  Let's do another dinner with McGowan, etc. soon (or play golf some time or catch some beers).
Can you print the attachment for me?  Thanks. 
You should be interested in this 
As I am sure you are all aware recruitment of key quality people is paramount to the success of Risk Management. You should also be aware that many of us spend an awful lot of time on recruitment from talking to agencies to interviewing.
We currently have a number of vacancies and have been finding the CVs we have been receiving from recruitment agencies have not produced the pool of talent we need. As a result we have today placed an advertisement in the FT a copy of which is attached below. Of course none of you will of seen the advert because you don't look at the recruitment pages but just in case this is what is happening and why.
If there are any queries please give me a call or better still nominate someone and see if you can get any entry for the Z3.
James
- 043040a.pdf 
The decision was made last Friday that June 1 would be the closing date for the sale of HPL to AEP (there had been some discussion about moving the close date to July 1).  Brian Redmond has compiled a list of action items to be completed before the close.  Bob Hall is leading this effort for operations and we do not anticipate any problems meeting the June 1 date.  As I explained earlier, our involvement will continue with HPL through June, as invoicing and cash collection for the production month of May will be handled in June.  After the end of June, their may be some involvement on our part in following up on any unpaid invoices or answering customer questions regarding activity prior to June 1.  The effort on our part should diminish substantially after June 30 
What do we do with this?  I logged in, but couldn't tell what to do.  --Sally 
Please do not reply to this e-mail.
You are receiving this message because an invoice requiring coding, issue resolution, or approval has been submitted to your iBuyit Payables in-box.  This requires your action through iBuyit Payables.
To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
Note:  Log into iBuyitPayables using the same Employee PID (P-Number) and Password you use to enter the eHRonline system and/or SAP.
First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.
I left you a couple of messages with two different assistants today for you to call - am sure that it is a busy Monday.  I will send this note so that I don't forget the purpose.  With Savita assuming the role previously played by Sheri with regard to the Product Control group, I wanted to underscore the importance of a free flow of information between the EOL team and my operations team.  One of the roles that Sheri's team fulfilled was keeping my risk and operations teams apprised of any changes within EOL that can have an impact on bridging to our legacy systems.  I may have met Savita once in passing.  I checked with Jeff Gossett and Stacey White, risk leads over gas and power, respectively, and neither one has heard of or met Savita.  Although Jennifer Denney will play an active role, I know that she will be out on maternity leave soon, so it is important for Savita to know the right players on the operations team and for them to know her.  I will contact Savita directly to make the appropriate introductions.  I just wanted your support and encouragement for Savita in making the right connections within operations.  --Sally
I have left John a message about the e-mail.  No response yet.  Will call Leslie, Stacey and Jeff as soon as I finish breakfast 
John:
I got the e-mail last night with the tabs for the breakdown of the current 184 for Operations, inclusive of Power and Gas Logistics.  (The tabs total 184 with one Associate noted on a separate line in Power Logistics, and 183 without that Associate, so I don't know whether you are using 183 or 184 currently for the Operations total.) Taking this number to 100 in total is obviously a big change - 45.6% reduction.  At this moment, I don't know how feasible that is.  But I will work with Jeff, Stacey and Leslie to find out.
We  need some questions answered first to go through this:
1)  Who is coordinating the look at headcount reductions for Gas and Power Logistics?  Together, those groups represent 25% of the 184 headcount.  Going in, I would asssume that they would take their proportionate share of reductions - should be 21 reductions.  We need to know who we should work with to coordinate this.  Need names and weekend contact numbers.
2)  What will the overall headcount be for Netco?  What we need to know is how many gas and power traders there will be and whether or not their anticipated business scope changes.  If commercial numbers don't change and the business scope doesn't change, a 45.6% reduction is probably out of the question  
3)  Is the 100 number for Operations only a start-up number?  Could we anticipate adding staff as business ramps up, approval is obtained for physical gas business, etc.?  Or is the 100 number intended to be the total headcount for all of 2002?
4)  What are UBS' expectations for mid and back office?  What are the views from Legal and UBS on creating confirmations for EOL transactions?  There were some discussions with Leslie Reeves about not confirming certain types of transactions.  One firm, and I don't remember whether it was UBS or not, mentioned that we might not be the confirming agent on transactions, and that instead we would review third party paper prepared for confirmations.  That is a completely different activity than we normally engage in, and would make a difference in staffing - perhaps requiring more people!   We need to know those things from UBS to take a real stab at a revised number.  Should we just pool our knowledge from various discussions that have been had with UBS, or is there someone with UBS that we should be talking with this weekend to get there view of what is required?
5)  Does the internal RAC group go forward under a headcount reduction - i.e. will we be coordinating and providing information to them, or will UBS assume some of their functions?  This may impact our staffing needs.  What about consolidated risk reporting - will Stacey and Jeff simply transmit data to UBS, or Netco have to provide some consolidated risk reporting before sending info to UBS?
We may have more questions, but these are key now to get at a feasible number  
--Sally 
Can you print attachment for me?  Thanks. 
Sally,
Here is the e-mail regarding "Points of Light".
Jennifer
Wade Stubblefield
05/24/2001 12:27 PM
Sent by:	Jennifer Bryan
Wade Stubblefield
05/11/2001 08:38 AM
Jennifer,
Can you get with Shirley and Vlady and get this meeting scheduled for next week.
Vlady,  I am going to be in the Woodlands in some training Monday and Tuesday so perhaps we can do it later in the week.
W
Wes and Wade,
Rick Buy and the RAC/EES team have compiled a list of EES projects, the so-called "Points of Light" list. Its objectives are the following:
- articulate the progress of EES initiatives to the BOD
- ensure that important activities are not overlooked
- assign responsibilities to appropriate individuals
- monitor completion of projects against a set timetable
I suggest that we revise this list to reflect reality better. Also, you could use this list as a management tool to ensure that in six months EES issues are properly addressed.
I could meet with you and walk you through the "Points of Light" list.
Vlady.
The deadline has been extended by HR until Tuesday, so that many of us can work on these reviews over the weekend.  You should see more responses early next week.  --Sally 
Everyone,
This is to remind you that today is the last day to complete the PRC Reviews.  Fred has selected each one of you as his reviewer, and I will really appreciate your completing the reviews so we can provide him with meaningful feedback.
,
Rahil
3-3206
Informational for me, or do you want me to attend?  If you don't want me to attend, would you like for me to review the presentation that you plan to give?  --Sally 
We will come to your office on June 5th at 4 PM.
We will give you some powerpoint on what we see happening in the industry, what it means for transaction counts, a little on how we process, what we have done for others, how it might work, etc.
Thanks.
GP
The afternoon of the 5th works good for us.  We'll be in San Jose on the
4th.  How does 4:00 work for you?  Let me know.
Paul
Is June 4th or 5th better?
GP
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-Paul+20Posoli+20+3Cpaulp+40calpine+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@
.com]
Sent:   Saturday, May 19, 2001 7:42 PM
Sounds good.  My calendar looks like this:
Week of 21st - in all week
28th - out Tuesday - Thursday
4th - In until Thursday - leaving Thursday for a week on vacation
Let me know what dates work for you and I'll gather the necessary
people.
Beers sound great.
Paul
Paul,
Thanks for lunch a few weeks ago.  Sounds like you have a ton of work
and responsibility these days.
Also, thanks for working with Gros on CommodityLogic.  It is a great
application that I think will help our industry better manage the ever
increasing transaction flow.
In addition to CommodityLogic, and as a follow-up to our lunch, I would
like to come over in a few weeks and sit down and show you and your team
what we mean by "outsourcing" your mid and back office functions to our
"ProsessCo/ServiceCo."  I think we have identified what types of
services we could offer and under what type of arrangements.  Basically,
you have risk reporting, general ledger, deal capture, confirmation,
nominations/scheduling, volume management and settlements (invoice and
cash payments/collections).  We will articulate how it works and how it
hopefully makes sense for you to let us add a few more resources to
accomodate your growing business instead of you building it from
scratch.
I also talked to Whalley and Bibi about your concerns on
security/neutrality, comparable service levels to Enron, term and the
ability to do financial easier than physical.  We can go through all
that as well.
I will contact you soon and arrange a time.
Let me know your thoughts.
Piper
My first and second choices on speaking engagements are listed below:
1st choice	MG906		Wed, July 11	Who Moved My Cheese?
2nd choice	MG909		Fri., July 13	Leading Your Firm Through Change 
Frank and Hector have been on point for further participation in the conference and would be best to visit with about use of other passes to the conference.  Wes Colwell has co-sponsored our involvement in this conference.  Are the four passes intended to cover his group, too?  --Sally 
Hello Sally, 
This e-mail is to confirm the message I left for you earlier this morning.  I have attached the speaking sessions below.  Please let me know as soon as possible the session that you would be interested in conducting for the NABA Conference.  Also, two of your employees are interested in participating at the conference Mark McClure and Errol McLauglin.  You have a total of four conferences passes to utilize for your group.  Please let me know if you would like them to attend for career development purposes.  They are both willing to recruit at the conference.  NABA is expecting over 2,000 professional participants this year.  Thank you for your support for the organization.  This will be a wonderful new partnership for Enron and your organization.  Please call me if you have any questions.
Meliza Evason
Associate, HR
X57855
Glad that the two of you could make the trip to Houston this week.  Hopefully, your the time spent here was worthwhile in terms of sharing ideas and further developing contacts.  I Anna, I will look forward to continue dialoge as we explore commercialization opportunities.  Mike, I will get back with you next week on potential dates for the annual global risk management operations offsite (late Oct) and on likely dates for my next trip to London. 
I enjoyed the shopping and dinner.  --Sally 
Patti is sending you my slides for the offsite - I finally got out of meetings long enough to review them 
There will be four parts to the Mid/Back Office hour and a half on the agenda:
Global Risk Management Operations - Overview of Services (Beck providing slides)
IT Systems - Overview and Organization (Perlman providing slides 
CommodityLogic Modules (Gros providing slides 
Commercialization Effort (the three of us are working on a few slides - to come later today 
Change in plans - Patti will send slides for both me and Beth.  She is formating info from Beth's assistant into format that I used for my slides, so you will get these as one presentation.  (Patti has already sent my slides so that you can begin the process of making copies for the binders.)  I think that you already have slides from Tom on CommodityLogic.  We are working on a few slides for the Commercialization Effort - will have those ready as soon as we can.   Thanks, Tina. --Sally  
Patti is sending you my slides for the offsite - I finally got out of meetings long enough to review them 
There will be four parts to the Mid/Back Office hour and a half on the agenda:
Global Risk Management Operations - Overview of Services (Beck providing slides)
IT Systems - Overview and Organization (Perlman providing slides 
CommodityLogic Modules (Gros providing slides 
Commercialization Effort (the three of us are working on a few slides - to come later today 
There is another Senior Director in London in Operations - Anna McAndrew.  She was just joined Enron in April, and I was unsure of her title.  Confirmed that this morning 
What is lily of the valley?  I don't know.  Would it add anything special to the coursage?  If so, I would be glad to spring for it.  I just don't know enough about flowers to make an educated call.  Could the florist tell you how wonderful it is for $60 
Meagan and Michael often have coursages and boutineers that coordinate - maybe only key for the "young set", and not those who buy pens to commemorate a 50th anniversary. White rose will be great if the florist feels like the coordinated thing would be weird.  We will be upgrading dad from a carnation, anyway 
You know in the end, whatever you arrange will be terrific.  I don't mean for these comments to sound picky or ungrateful!!  (I am saving that in full force for later life -- only kidding!) --Sally 
Got ones with white orchids--but the lily of the valley would be an
additional $60--what do you think?  Got a white rose for dad.
Cindy
Please put this date on my calendar and let Lexi know that I will be glad to attend.  Thanks. 
Dear Team Members:
I have scheduled our information session at OU for the evening of Thursday, September 27.  I will send more details as they are available, but please mark your calendars and let me know if you are interested in attending.
By the way, the football game against Kansas State is September 29th 
Thanks!
lexi
3-4585
John:
I got the e-mail last night with the tabs for the breakdown of the current 184 for Operations, inclusive of Power and Gas Logistics.  (The tabs total 184 with one Associate noted on a separate line in Power Logistics, and 183 without that Associate, so I don't know whether you are using 183 or 184 currently for the Operations total.) Taking this number to 100 in total is obviously a big change - 45.6% reduction.  At this moment, I don't know how feasible that is.  But I will work with Jeff, Stacey and Leslie to find out.
We  need some questions answered first to go through this:
1)  Who is coordinating the look at headcount reductions for Gas and Power Logistics?  Together, those groups represent 25% of the 184 headcount.  Going in, I would asssume that they would take their proportionate share of reductions - should be 21 reductions.  We need to know who we should work with to coordinate this.  Need names and weekend contact numbers.
2)  What will the overall headcount be for Netco?  What we need to know is how many gas and power traders there will be and whether or not their anticipated business scope changes.  If commercial numbers don't change and the business scope doesn't change, a 45.6% reduction is probably out of the question  
3)  Is the 100 number for Operations only a start-up number?  Could we anticipate adding staff as business ramps up, approval is obtained for physical gas business, etc.?  Or is the 100 number intended to be the total headcount for all of 2002?
4)  What are UBS' expectations for mid and back office?  What are the views from Legal and UBS on creating confirmations for EOL transactions?  There were some discussions with Leslie Reeves about not confirming certain types of transactions.  One firm, and I don't remember whether it was UBS or not, mentioned that we might not be the confirming agent on transactions, and that instead we would review third party paper prepared for confirmations.  That is a completely different activity than we normally engage in, and would make a difference in staffing - perhaps requiring more people!   We need to know those things from UBS to take a real stab at a revised number.  Should we just pool our knowledge from various discussions that have been had with UBS, or is there someone with UBS that we should be talking with this weekend to get there view of what is required?
5)  Does the internal RAC group go forward under a headcount reduction - i.e. will we be coordinating and providing information to them, or will UBS assume some of their functions?  This may impact our staffing needs.  What about consolidated risk reporting - will Stacey and Jeff simply transmit data to UBS, or Netco have to provide some consolidated risk reporting before sending info to UBS?
We may have more questions, but these are key now to get at a feasible number  
--Sally 
Please print
Tina,
Tom Gros would like for you to add the attached slide to his presentation.
Thanks
James Whitehead
3-9492
Evan has close to 300 people reporting to him.  The largest segment is the service management team.  My understanding is that there are only a handful of people who are involved in managing the invoicing efforts through the outsource providers.  We will know this week exactly which positions would come under wholesale, and we will evaluate whether or not the people will move with those functions.  I don't think we are in danger of getting Mark back.  --Sally 
I am concerned that Mark has gone back into a group that we will end up with From Evan Hughes.
Wouldn't that be ironic!
I am not sure which piece Bob Hurt is responsible for, but I know he works for Evan.
Beth
FYI. 
Kristin, I know that we would like to get together with you to discuss UT recruiting.  The easiest way to get this set up is probably for you to coordinate with our two assistants on a time that will work.  My assistant is Patti Thompson (x39106) and Rick's assistant is Sharron Westbrook.   By copy of this note, I will ask  Patti to coordinate with Sharron and one of the two will get back with you to let you know available dates and times that Rick and I could get with you.  -Sally 
Hello Rick and Sally,
My name is Kristin Gandy and I wanted to introduce myself.  As you probably already know Lexi Elliott recently passed UT recruiting onto me 
I was wondering if you both had some time next week to get together.  I would like to formally meet you, as well as discuss Fall recruiting and the strategy Lexi and I have already worked on 
,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
Enron Corp
1400 Smith Street EB 1163
Houston, Texas  77002
713-345-3214 
kristin.gandy@
Please coordinate with Sharron on Rick's schedule and get back with Kristin to set up a meeting. Thanks. --Sally 
Hello Rick and Sally,
My name is Kristin Gandy and I wanted to introduce myself.  As you probably already know Lexi Elliott recently passed UT recruiting onto me 
I was wondering if you both had some time next week to get together.  I would like to formally meet you, as well as discuss Fall recruiting and the strategy Lexi and I have already worked on 
,
Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter
Enron Corp
1400 Smith Street EB 1163
Houston, Texas  77002
713-345-3214 
kristin.gandy@
Please print color versions of attachments, along with black and white of Anna's cover note.  Thanks. 
Sally
Thanks for all your time in Houston and I'd be delighted to continue discussions around commercialisation whenever you want.
As promised, please find attached examples of our monthly management reporting.  They are still evolving - at the moment they are missing aged debtors / creditors reporting (we should get in for June reporting once the function moves back into my area) and anything on Enron Credit.  However, comments and thoughts welcome!
Kind  
Anna
Please print attachment for me.  Thanks. 
FYI
Misty Barrett
05/31/2001 05:42 PM
Attached below are the 2001 Andersen business audits and the timeline for these audits and other work. Within this document, we have identified the EES owner(s) that will be involved in each business audit. The scope/objectives of each business audit have also been outlined.
Business Audit Approach
For each business audit, we plan to hold an opening and closing meeting with all key personnel involved for that project (includes business owners, CAO, EAS representative, and Andersen). The objectives of the opening meeting are to discuss specific audit areas, team members, key contacts, and to identify required EES documentation. The closing meeting will be critical as this is the final opportunity to ensure all facts surrounding any issues are agreed upon and initially discuss any action plans. Timing of the opening/closing meetings will be communicated by Andersen at a later date.
Please review the attached Andersen document to ensure the business owners have been properly identified. Please contact me with any revisions or other questions.
Thanks,
Misty
FYI 
FYI
Misty Barrett
05/31/2001 05:42 PM
Attached below are the 2001 Andersen business audits and the timeline for these audits and other work. Within this document, we have identified the EES owner(s) that will be involved in each business audit. The scope/objectives of each business audit have also been outlined.
Business Audit Approach
For each business audit, we plan to hold an opening and closing meeting with all key personnel involved for that project (includes business owners, CAO, EAS representative, and Andersen). The objectives of the opening meeting are to discuss specific audit areas, team members, key contacts, and to identify required EES documentation. The closing meeting will be critical as this is the final opportunity to ensure all facts surrounding any issues are agreed upon and initially discuss any action plans. Timing of the opening/closing meetings will be communicated by Andersen at a later date.
Please review the attached Andersen document to ensure the business owners have been properly identified. Please contact me with any revisions or other questions.
Thanks,
Misty
I printed copies of this resume the day that I received it from you.  I met with Beth Perlman that day and gave her the resume in person.  I also called Philippe Bibi and sent him a copy of the resume.  I am also by way of this e:mail message going to copy Robert Jones on this resume.  Robert heads up HR for Enron Net Works.  Feel free to give Beth, Philippe and Robert a call to add your personal comments about the candidate.  --Sally 
Sally,
Per our conversation, I am attaching a resume of James Kantara. This gentleman is one of the smartest classmates in the Executive MBA program at Rice, and I highly recommend him.
What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 
At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.
The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.
I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 
I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.
David
Got your note.  I am not incredibly attached to Commercial Support and I agree that overall it probably sounds second class.   Professional Services sounds fine to me.  I have forwarded your message to a handful of my direct reports to get their comments - Bob Hall, Brent Price, Beth Apollo and Peggy Hedstrom.  I should hear back from them today, and I will pass along any pertinent comments.  Thanks.  --Sally 
At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.
The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.
I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 
I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.
David
You have mentioned several times that we would talk about the organization to support wholesale, but the opportuntity to do so hasn't materialized.  We have had meetings about specific issues, but have not generally discussed how we will manage the Estate going forward.  What role do you envision that I will play?  Can you make time to discuss that on Monday?
I have talked with Delainey about providing infrastructure for NewCo, and had independently come to the conclusion that we must manage mid and back office for all estate activities (liquidating activities and building activities) in one group to provide the best coverage and flexibility for resources.   With the still anticipated spin-off of Netco, I have created a plan to reorganize the operations teams' efforts.  I will be glad to share that with you as we work jointly on the infrastructure to service all estate needs.  --Sally 
Greg Piper and Robert Jones are aware that I will be on vacation on the date of the PRC meeting.  --Sally 
Thanks.  We will add Greg to the list and will get back with him on details.  -Sally 
Sally, Greg Piper wanted me to let you know he will be attending the customer meeting July 21-23.
Thank you,
Lisa A. Costello
Assistant to Robert Jones
Enron Networks HR
713/853-1819
lisa.costello@
Sorry to hear about your grandmother.  Funerals, oddly enough, seem to create opportunities to catch up with other family members.  Nice to see everyone, you are just sorry about the catalyst for bringing you together.  I will talk with you soon.  --Sally 
Sally
No problem!  I'm actually out Thursday / Friday this week at a family funeral.  Unfortunately, my Grandmother passed away last week, although it was probably a blessing - she was 84 and very ill.  So, why don't we catch up next week?
Thanks
Anna
Thanks for sending the attachments.  Didn't have a second to review them last week, but this week should be more manageable.  I was in Austin this weekend to celebrate my parents' 50th wedding anniversary.  Had the chance to hold and rock my new niece who is now 9 weeks old.  I think that I failed to mention while you were here that her name is Anna.  Such a doll.  --Sally 
Sally
Thanks for all your time in Houston and I'd be delighted to continue discussions around commercialisation whenever you want.
As promised, please find attached examples of our monthly management reporting.  They are still evolving - at the moment they are missing aged debtors / creditors reporting (we should get in for June reporting once the function moves back into my area) and anything on Enron Credit.  However, comments and thoughts welcome!
Kind  
Anna
We may have a few more transfers given the final decision on the management of the settlements function.  We had a lunch meeting with John Lavorato, Dave Delainey, Wes, etc. on Thursday last week, and will have fleshed out a the details of a proposal later this week that would move the management of the settlements function under EWS and leave the service management component (Evan Hughes) under EES.  Final decision expected this week.  --Sally 
Attached is the final list of employees currently identified to be transferred to EWS and ENW from EES.  These transfers should be made effective July 1, 2001to effect a clean cut-off for accounting purposes.  I am sending these today to give you as much lead time as possible, but please do not make them effective any sooner.
Could each cost center lead please keep up with who is on their list today and, if employees are hired or terminated between now and July 1, 2001, make the appropriate adjustment with your respective HR representative to make sure they are transferred properly.
Rachel M., can you use this data to pull together a Q3 and Q4 plan for each cost center (working with the leads of each area).
Thanks
Wade
Bob Hall says Professional Services is fine - "change is good", as he said.  Brent's other suggestions are below.  I agree with you - simply changing the label doesn't do a whole lot.  Actions will speak louder than words.  --Sally 
Professional services sounds too vague.  How about commercial services or operational services?  Can't say I have put a lot of time into developing a name.
What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 
At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.
The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.
I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 
I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.
David
Thanks for the follow up.  --sally 
Below is a quick follow up to some of the things I mentioned I'd check out at our last meeting.  Please let me know how I can be of assistance with your efforts.
Contributions
The contributions from last year that I mentioned at the meeting turned out to be inclusive of Enron Corp., individual and matching funds.
Weather
I had a chance to talk with our folks from the Weather Group.  The information regarding Oklahoma that I told you I'd look into actually ended up being a center for Weather Research that was being sponsored by Williams not our weather group.
Scholarship
There are a couple of different scholarship and fundraising initiatives underway that are being driven by Enron employees and alumni of the individual universities employed here.  They take advantage of matching funds and are administered by employees here with some assistance by Community Relations and University Affairs.  If you are interested in organizing an effort like this for Oklahoma, let me know and I can work with you on the details.
We will be in Telluride the last week in June for vacation.  Any suggestions on where we should eat?  Think 17, 12 and 3 (children's ages).  Thanks!  --Sally 
FYI - as we get closer to quarter end, it may help your DPR team to know about any pending deals that could be done close to quarter end.  --Sally 
Find attached the EGM Management Summary and Hot List as of 6/1/01.  Please contact me if you have any questions/comments.
Thanks,
Jeff 
As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers 
We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week 
Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926 
I understand from Greg that he got a little more direction from Paul about the Calpine meeting that has been moved to Thursday morning.  Please send Beth Perlman and me a copy of the revised draft of the meeting document that you are preparing, in addition to Tom.  Thanks 
Where are we on decisions on promotions?  Last time I asked, it was under consideration.  Kevin has a good idea here.  Can you give us an update?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Sally,
Someone brought up an interesting idea that might help motivate people and retain them.  Recognizing that we are constrained from a cash perspective, does it make any sense to still promote some people who deserve it so that at least they get recognition in terms of title and recognition by their peers, however have their salary remain the same?
Just a thought.
Kevin
As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers 
We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week 
Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926 
Another opinion.  I read Barry's response from EBS.  Not a lot of overwhelming sentiment for Professional Services.  Since this in only a term used in the PRC process, I don't know that a name change at this point would make much of a difference.  Let me know is decided.  --Sally 
We would also like to see a change from Commercial Support, however, we are not that keen on Professional Services.  Some other alternatives might be:
Commercial Services
Network Services
Let us know where it ends up.
What do you think?  I have never been crazy about the Commercial Support tag myself.  Do you like professional services?  Or do you have another suggestion.  Please send me your comments within the next day or so.  I would like to get back to David Oxley soon.  Thanks.  --Sally 
At the VP PRC meeting last Wednesday, Dave Delainey proposed we consider retitling the Commercial Support peer group as above. Apparently this suggestion was made and broadly supported at a policy committee meeting a few weeks ago. The suggestion is that the Support label is seen rather negatively across the organisation and the new label may be an improvement.
The VP PRC Committee resolved that they would be open to supporting a change, subject to the senior leads from across CS providing their views/support.
I volunteered to circulate this note to the 2 of you in EWS and ask my colleagues from HR to share with their CS leads to solicit their views before returning to the committee late next week with summarised reaction. Perhaps you would provide me with your views and a vote for or against? 
I would strongly recommend that we do broadly discuss this outside a small circle of people.
David
I didn't have an opening that looked quite right for Dan's experiece.  I have, however, given has resume to Tom Gros who has been leading CommodityLogic and is also paired with Beth Perlman and me on evaluating the potential for commercializing our mid and back office services.  In this effort, it is likely that Tom will to put together a marketing team.  I suggested that he consider Dan for one of those positions 
FYI - I will fill you in on the meeting this afternoon and will get you a copy of whatever we review.  --Sally 
Not a problem - we have not decided exactly which slides, if any, will be taken to Calpine.  I am putting something together for Tom this morning, and will give you and Beth a copy today for your input.
Sheri
I understand from Greg that he got a little more direction from Paul about the Calpine meeting that has been moved to Thursday morning.  Please send Beth Perlman and me a copy of the revised draft of the meeting document that you are preparing, in addition to Tom.  Thanks 
FYI
When I sent this e:mail on Monday, I committed two things for this week:  a preliminary review of our more detailed plan with the traders (Belden, Black, Presto and Rogers) by mid week and a final proposal of roles and responsibilitiies by the end of this week to Dave Delainey and John Lavorato.  It is 4:30 pm Friday, and as far as I can tell we have not delivered on either commitment this week.  I didn't hear from the three of you that you couldn't make these time commitments, so I did not reset expectations 
We must need to reset expectations now.  Can we plan to complete this by Monday afternoon (June 11th) so that I can get back with all interested parties that attended the June 4 lunch meeting?  Do the four of us need to meet briefly this afternoon ( I will stay as late as necessary) or on Monday morning to clarify what needs to be done?  How can I help move this forward?  This topic commanded an hour and a half of Delainey and Lavorato's time at lunch on the 4th, so it is important to them.  --Sally  
As a follow up to last Thursday's lunch meeting, Scott Mills and Mary Lynn Ruffer are working with Evan Hughes to further define Option 2 that we discussed regarding the settlements function.  To recap, with that option, EWS would assume internal management of the settlements function, including managing data requirements to and from the outsource providers,  and EES would retain the service management function, defining service levels and pricing, plus serving as the interface with EES customers 
We will review with Tim, Kevin, Don and Rogers the more detailed recommendations from this team by mid week.  Then we should have a final proposal of roles and responsibilities for EWS and EES around the settlements function before the end of this week 
Please call me in the interim if you have any questions or suggestions.  --Sally   (x35926 
I left individual voice mail messages for Chris, Johnny, John, Tom, Keith, Susan and Susie tonight, thanking them for spending part of their Saturday in the office.  I appreciate your personal organization and leadership of the team so that the DPR could be completed Saturday morning and delivered to RAC for their further analysis over the weekend.  Thanks, too, for spending part of your weekend in the office.  Your willingness to pitch in and your constructive suggestions on leading and motivating employees is very much appreciated 
Trading activity on EnronOnline continues be at or above trade count levels for the same period last month. 
Jim Donnell, President and CEO of Duke Energy North America, stated at an industry conference on Friday, October 26 that for Duke it is "business as ususal" with Enron.  Enron remains an active counterparty trading with Duke. 
At the same Independent Petroleum Association of Amercia industry event, Joe Bob Perkins, group president for Reliant Energy's wholesale businesses, stated that Reliant continues to actively trade with Enron as well 
Will do the best we can.  As ENW, we utilize the Analyst pool much more heavily than the Associates pool.  Several of us from ENW nterviewed Analyst candidates for Fastastic Friday on October 26 (including me).  I believe that we have a number of ENW managers committed to the November 16 Fantastic Friday interviews for Analysts 
Most Associates rotations are commercial rotations, so it would seem to make sense to have commercial teams heavily involved in the November 3 and December 1 Super Saturdays 
What would be the time commitment on Saturday?  --Sally 
The AA program is in need of interviewers for this weekend.  They could use your assistance in encouraging Managers and above from Net Works to participate.  They are short about 35 interviewers 
Please forward this info. to those you think might be interested or provide me with names and I will give them the details.  Thanks
Marla -
Outlined below are the details of the upcoming AA Interview sessions 
Nov 3 (Saturday) - Associates
Schools - UCLA, Michigan, UT, Georgetown, Darden, Rice, Owen, Tulane, Cal Berkeley, Wash - STL, A&M
Nov 16 (Friday) - Analysts
Schools - UT, Howard, AUC, OU, Penn, LSU, LA Tech, UH, Clark Atlanta, Michigan
Dec 1 (Saturday) - Associates
Schools - Harvard, Columbia, Kellogg, NYU, Chicago, Wharton, Howard MBA, Yale, Thunderbird, Stern, MIT, Cornell, Duke, SMU, UNC
By participating in these interviewing opportunities you will become key to the selection process that will ultimately become your talent pool.  In each Decision Meeting we will also track which business units/departments wish to bring a certain candidate into their area.  This will give you the chance to hand-pick your new talent.  Please confirm to me via e-mail the dates your team members will participate 
Thanks 
Tana Cashion
EGM & EIM  Career Development
Associate & Analyst Program
Since you are the lead, I assume that you have an idea from Dave on what he is looking for.  Since Dave referenced ENW, I assume that we will include roles with regard to IT development projects.  Do you think that he also wants to pick up definition of Infrastructure roles as well?  --Sally 
Guys, given our continued need to be crisp and clear on our work product and a clear view to increasing efficiencies, particularily in the back and mid office, I think it would be a good exercise to clearly map out roles and responsibilities between ENW and the EES Services Group in some amount of detail.  Dan will take the lead in this activity.  I would hope that we could have this mapped out fairly quickly without a great deal of internal time.
Thanks for all the hard work.
Delainey
Anything we can do on this?  Thanks.  --Sally 
Bob, 
We all realize these are difficult times and we must all adjust and work together but I would like to make you aware of the recent support changes that pose some issues for Logistics.  We are told that the Solution Center is not available after 7:00 p.m.  Monday through Friday nor are they available on the weekend.  We are continuing to schedule gas in Logistics albeit on a limited basis during these after hours so is there anyway IT can manage to provide some level of support?
We appreciate your efforts to work with us to develop a solution 
Tammy Lee-Jaquet 
713-853-5375 
tammy.jaquet@ 
Can you please provide the following information on invitees to the series of breakfast meetings:
(example noted below from today's meeting)
Name			Title		Group 				Direct Supervisor
Jeff Gossett		Director		Operations - Gas Risk (EA)	Bob Hall 
La Metrice Dopson	Sr. Director	IT Infrastructure			Jenny Rub 
Mark, Greg and I need to have this information the day before the scheduled breakfast meeting.  The group description may be the most difficult to get, but you can look at this as a good way for you to get to know the leadership team within ENW and what they do.  I will be glad to help you with the details - just let me know.   Noting each employee's direct supervisor will just make it that much easier for us to understand where everyone fits into the organization 
I would also like to have this information for the breakfast meeting that was held this morning.  Thanks 
--Sally 
Can I also take a look at the total list of employees that will be invited to the breakfast meetings?  The list that I used last week for Senior Directors and above for the Tuesday lunch meeting was not completely up-to-date.  I just want to be sure that we are not leaving anyone out.  Thanks. 
Operator error - I misspelled your name.  Probably too late to include.  Sorry, I didn't see the failed delivery attempt until today.  Been kind of hectic at Enron!  --Sally 
Please do the same thing with e-mails from MIke Jordan.  thanks. 
I forwarded to you most of the ibuyit stuff still in my e-mail.  Please check all to see if they have been approved.  From this point forward, I don't want to automatically approve anything without my seeing it.  Please scan the rest of my e-mails to see if there is an ibuyit request that I failed to forward to you for you to check.  Please be sure that anything that has already been approved is deleted.  Thanks. 
Please go through my e-mails and print everything from Melissa Becker, put it in a folder (all should relate to follow up on the Accounting offsite in Galveston) for me.  I need to review that stuff and figure out when the next follow up meeting is going to be with either Rick and/or Melissa.  They have asked me to chair one of the follow up issues.  Some of the e-mails from Melissa relate to volunteers for my team.  I think there is also one saved voice mail with a volunteer's name.  Can you create a list (with contact numbers) of all volunteers from e-mails and voice mails to date?  Thanks.  Then please delete all e-mails from Melissa 
Also, please go through my e-mails and print everything that relates to Center for Houston's Future.  I need to review these.  Most is from Marilyn Schoppe, but a few are from others, but reference CHF.  Then delete all of these e-mails 
E-mails from Lexi Elliott regarding recruiting.  Please print all so that I can review them.  Please delete all e-mails after printing.  Thanks 
This effort plus my clean up today should help shrink the e-mails that remain.  Thanks.  --Sally 
I forwarded to you most of the ibuyit stuff still in my e-mail.  Please check all to see if they have been approved.  From this point forward, I don't want to automatically approve anything without my seeing it.  Please scan the rest of my e-mails to see if there is an ibuyit request that I failed to forward to you for you to check.  Please be sure that anything that has already been approved is deleted.  Thanks. 
Please go through my e-mails and print everything from Melissa Becker, put it in a folder (all should relate to follow up on the Accounting offsite in Galveston) for me.  I need to review that stuff and figure out when the next follow up meeting is going to be with either Rick and/or Melissa.  They have asked me to chair one of the follow up issues.  Some of the e-mails from Melissa relate to volunteers for my team.  I think there is also one saved voice mail with a volunteer's name.  Can you create a list (with contact numbers) of all volunteers from e-mails and voice mails to date?  Thanks.  Then please delete all e-mails from Melissa 
Also, please go through my e-mails and print everything that relates to Center for Houston's Future.  I need to review these.  Most is from Marilyn Schoppe, but a few are from others, but reference CHF.  Then delete all of these e-mails 
E-mails from Lexi Elliott regarding recruiting.  Please print all so that I can review them.  Please delete all e-mails after printing.  Thanks 
This effort plus my clean up today should help shrink the e-mails that remain.  Thanks.  --Sally 
FYI...Sally 
Hi Sally,
I got your fax today.  I'll ask the National Council BOD to reapproval your
chapter's note cards for sale to the public.
I'll be in touch the week of November 5th after I return from Los Angeles.
Please let me know if you have any questions
Take Care, Kathy Hoyt
National Council Ways & Means VP
Approval still needed?  I do want to review anything at this point.  -Sally 
You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.
Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727
Only a week and a half to reply to you - I apologize!   The artickale was great.  In fact, today I have resent the notice with the hot link to my direct reports.  Since we all get so many e-mails, I wanted to be certain that this wasn't overlooked.  I pointed out to them that ENN had broadened its cover to include operations as well as technology, and that they should look for upcoming articles 
Sounds as if your son had a strong start at Kleb as well.  This second six weeks is proving to be a little more challenging for Amanda - or her effort may have gotten diverted 
I am copying my assistant on this note so that we can get lunch on the calendar.  --Sally  
I was at Kleb yesterday and found Amanda on the All A's Honor Roll; the apple didn't fall far from the tree!  I found my son on the All A's and one or two B's honor roll.  Did you see your article in Enron Net Works News (ENN)?  Have you received any comments?  Tom Gros read it and enjoyed it.  The webtrends reports indicate strong readership on the piece!  Look for the continuing series on Energy Operations in upcoming issues at  
Laura Johnson
713-853-9361
cell:  713-962-3732
Need to use this in contact list that I believe Tina put together for ENW 
Please note my new Cell # 832-274-0236
Steve
approval still needed 
You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.
Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727
I am just a little tardy in working my way through e-mails!  I understand that you will be joining Beth Apollo's risk team in EES soon.  A win-win situation for everyone involved, I believe.  Please let me know when you will next be in town - would love to see you.  --Sally 
Sally
Hope all is going well in your new role as COO (and they are not working you too hard 
As you know the European Office is currently undergoing a restructuring with voluntary redundancies etc.
I am currently working in EBS Europe as controller for Mid/Back Office - I have responsibilities for the following functions:-
- Contract Mgt / Documentation
- Risk Mgt
- Settlements
- Trade Accounting & Financial Reporting
This covers basically the whole of the Mid/Back office function.
Now EBS in Europe is not looking in good shape at the moment (with only 3 trades completed last month, and the whole of the Telecoms industry in a bit of a recession - with no indicators asto when this will change), so I think now is the time to start looking at other opportunities that may be available in other Enron business units.
As you may already know I have 9 years experience in Enron (7 yrs PQE since qualifying as a Accountant) gained in Finance, Structuring, new business set-ups (Gas, Continental Power, J-Block, EBS).
I have already spoken to Fernley Dyson & Barry Pearce as to what roles may be available in Enron (they are both getting back to me) and was wondering if you had knowledge of any other roles, given my particular skill-set both here in Europe and the US.
If you can't think of anything it doesn't matter - just though I would drop you a note on the off-chance.
But if you can think of any areas or have the names of people I could contact I would be most grateful
Thanks
Neil
Doing fine - still in the boat.  At what is truly the eleventh hour, I seem to be getting calls about taking the Netco operations role.  Despite my statement of disinterest, there are those who would like to have one more conversation when the purchaser is known and a real role could be discussed. 
I have met with Fallon several times over the last several days, but each meeting has specifically focused on information needs for E&Y relative to the estate or conference calls related to the transition services agreement with Netco.  Jim seems busy with these issues 
I am meeting with Janet D. tomorrow morning at 8:00 to give her an update on an infrastructure plan.  I have Bob Hall researching the details and status of the Peoples JV, Bridgeline and wholesale and retail power positions in California (he is coordinating with Beth Apollo and team on the retail side).  These details will help us flesh out the right support if these are some of the first assets that will be managed to create a go-forward company 
I enjoyed the dinner Tuesday night and had the opportunity to visit over dinner with a couple of people that I had not known before.  Seems like a good group.  --Sally 
How are you doing? Still with us in the little boat 
Have you and Jim talked about setting up the infrastructure?
Delainey
I won't be able to attend the meeting on Friday.   I have an eye doctor's appointment at 9:30, so it is also unlikely that I will be able to call in, unless I am pleasantly surprised and he is running on time!  I will take the dial in number with me to the appointment in the event that I am somewhere in the process that allows me to dial in.  --Sally 
Dave Delainey has asked that everyone please plan to attend a followup meeting tomorrow, Friday, January 11, 2002.
Date:		January 11, 2002
Friday
Time:		10:00 am (cst)
Location: 	30C1
Topic:		Followup
For those of you that are out of town or traveling, a dail-in has been arranaged:
Dial-in:	888-282-9640
Passcode:	13289 
Kay Chapman
Executive Assistant
Office: 713-853-0643
Fax:    713-646-3702
Approval still required?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  --Sally  (I do want to see all of these right now) 
You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.
Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727
Yes, it has only taken me 23 days to respond, but yes I would like to get this report.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Do you want to receive this weekly headcount report from HR?  Recaps weekly hires, terminations.
TS
Your term report attached.
Sandy
Attached is this weeks headcount report.  If you have any questions please feel free to give me a call @ x3-3445
Cecilia 
In case you missed this, just wanted you to see that this Enron Net Works publication that to date has focused only on the IT organization has now been broadened in scope.  The hot link to the site should work, and if you click on Features and then Energy Operations you will see the article referred to below.  The editor has spoken to a couple of you also.  Her plan is to get with each one of you and to run a series of articles about Operations.  --Sally  
Have you seen the latest edition of Enron Net Works News?  See what our new Chief Operating Officer has to say about Energy Operations, help us welcome the new Vice President of ENW HR, find out why MKM is the name for the information game, and take a peak at CRM Enron style.  All this and more at enn.enron.com 
Meeting content for the October 5th ENW All-Employee meeting will be posted on ENN within a few days after the meeting.  You will receive a follow-up message concerning online access to the content of the meeting. 
NOTE:  In the event that you are unable to execute the above link, please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser.
Let's save this in case I have to send out something to all management committee members.  Thanks. --Sally 
Cleaning out e-mails.  Does this still need approval?  --Sally 
You are receiving this message because an eProcurement purchase request
requires your action.  You are identified as an Approver based on the
reporting structure of your organization and monetary approval limits.
Please review, and approve or reject the items in your eProcurement
Inbox by logging into eProcurement at
Tip:  User ID & Password are your PID & Password (same as
your eHRonline and Payables logon information).  Your initial
Password is Enron1 or your birth date YYYYMMDD.
Access quick reference cards and step-by-step documentation from
Access online, interactive eProcurement courses from
For help, call ISC Customer Care at 713-345-4727
Yes - at 3:40 pm.  Will try to leave by 4:00 or so.  --Sally 
are you at work?
Thanks for finding this!  I have printed it on a color copier, so I will have it with me as an example - am actually pretty close to being finished 
Had a fun visit with Cara and Anna.  What a cutie Anna is!  And what a good baby - still haven't heard a cry, or at least not one like my kids could produce!  They left after breakfast this morning, while most of us were at church.  Meagan stayed home to work on essays for college applications 
So sorry to hear about the car wreck.  Glad that you two are okay, but what an inconvenience.  Hope that the other guys insurance covers everything.  --Sally 
Sally, found this over the weekend...for ideas and inspiration 
Sally, found this over the weekend...for ideas and inspiration 
Please be aware that there will be a number of risk management people in at the weekend, running important scenarios and position reports. Please make sure you are contactable if problems occur. Send your contact numbers to Sally.
Thanks
MRP
Declines in Houston and replacements are noted below:
Declined				Replaced by 
Chris Chang (Financial Settlements)		Gordon Heaney
Kelli Little (Gas Risk Management)		Matt Olney
Anna Kulic (Gas Risk Management)		Monte Jones
Susan Scott (Gas Scheduling)			Shannon Groenwald
I do not have updated information on acceptances or declines from Portland or Calgary Operations at this time. --Sally 
Sally,
We are trying to track declines and I wanted to make sure I have all the accurate information. I know that we had at least three declines:
Chris Chang
Kelli Little
Sladana Kuclic
I know that we made an offer to Shannon Groenwald(sp) but I am not sure who declined so we could make an offer to her. Please let me know these names. Thanks Sally!
Mandy
I worlked with Jeff Gosset, Stacey White and Bob Hall today on their input for proposed promotions for Operations.  Tana Cashion has the recommended names and salary increases.  Do you need anything else?  Description of their respoinsibilities, rationale for promotion recommendation, etc.?  Let me know 
I mentioned to Tana that letters had been given to both Jeff Gossett and Bob Superty in late November or December stating that they would be promoted from Director to Senior Director at the first of the year.  We have Jeff covered, but with the change in Bob Superty's reporting relationship, I want to be certain that his promotion doesn't fall through the cracks.  Tana was somehow unaware of these letters, although they were prepared by HR.  As you review the entire list of proposed promotions, please be check to make sure that Bob Superty's name was submitted by Scott Neal for a promotion 
Thanks.  --Sally 
I know you are both busy.  Lots of push back from London on Doorstep Reviews.  I recognize that our world is pretty crazy right now.  However, it is London's normal stance to push back on the reviews and work to the change the timing.  I think that they view being a subject of a Doorstep review as an elective procedure on their part 
Next week I will follow up with you to get your thoughts on Doorstep efforts during the 4th quarter.  Wanted you to see my reply to Fernley below.  --Sally 
In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues 
In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter 
Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 
The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.
I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.
Thanks
Fernley
It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.
Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.
James
We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?
Thanks,
Stacey
Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?
Thanks
Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?
James,
Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.
Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.
Stacey
Please see exchange below.  Can you send me current plans - who, when, where and what - for London reviews?  I would put a several day moratorium on contacting London regarding upcoming Doorstep review plans until I get back with you.  Thanks.  --Sally 
I know that in our meeting with Rick and Rick we talked about being creative on London reviews and leveraging what is being done by EAS - maybe directing them on additional activities and doing some leg work by video conference.  What happened to that effort?  Sounds as if from the London e-mails that we stepped right back to flying people around the world 
In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues 
In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter 
Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 
The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.
I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.
Thanks
Fernley
It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.
Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.
James
We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?
Thanks,
Stacey
Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?
Thanks
Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?
James,
Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.
Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.
Stacey
In an October 3 update meeting with Rick Buy and Rick Causey on Doorstep reviews, both were very supportive of the efforts to date this year.  Since we were in the midst of the budgeting process, we wanted their view on the continuation of Doorstep Reviews, and they resoundingly agreed that the effort is valuable to Enron and that they wanted to be certain that the effort continues 
In reviewing the plans for 4th quarter, one of our issues was the willingness of key staff members to travel long distances in light of the September 11th terrorists attacks.  We were in agreement on postponing some of the planned 4th quarter reviews until early 2002.  Planned reviews for the Metals business and certain other EEL lines of business were reaffirmed by Buy and Causey for completion in the 4th quarter 
Certainly life on October 26 feels different today at Enron than it did on October 3.  I understand multiple demands on staff members currently and the additional demands of the budgeting process, and in your case, the voluntary redundancy program.  In the next few days I will again review the 4th quarter plans for Doorstep reviews with Buy and Causey, sharing with them your concerns.  I will let you know the outcome of those conversations.  If there is still a strong desire to complete these reviews this year, we will work creatively to leverage work that is being done through the EAS process and minimize both travel and time involved.  -Sally 
The EAS work takes priority over Doorstep - we need the AA opinion.
I'm afraid that Doorstep is way down my list of priorities at this time - I certainly do not want other things to suffer.
Thanks
Fernley
It's official, we are being door stepped. The Houston plan is to do all of Power and all of the Structures (although when I spoke to Stacey she seemed a little unsure of her plan for structures). Also from what Stacey said the Gas door step will be following shortly.
Stacey and Kristin Albrecht aim to be here for the whole week starting first thing on Monday the 5th. EAS here are already in the loop as they have been various conversations. Obviously with all the additional work we are being asked to do at the moment something will have to give. I aim to speak to Paul Bromley to agree whether the EAS or doorstep work takes priority and to get him to clearly explain which areas will be covered by the doorstep and which by the EAS process since I will be very unhappy if we fail to avoid duplication. In addition, we will also need to make commercial aware of a reduced capacity to perform analytical tasks as well as model review and gap analysis work etc.
James
We will not be there next week so that should be fine.  Are the complex derivatives group and 'structured book' run by Paul Darcy the same thing?  If yes, then we are planning on reviewing that area.  Should I contact Paul Darcy directly?  If no, what is the complex derivatives group?
Thanks,
Stacey
Also in addition can you please confirm that you are not doing the complex derivatives group which is run totally separately in both personnel and risk terms ?
Thanks
Are you here next week then because I am due to be away for some of that time ?
James,
Just a quick note and request regarding our UK & Continental Power Doorstep review we will be performing.  Please provide a list of books, curves and deal types used for UK & Continental Power.  In addition, please send information on any large, structured, out of the norm transactions and any transactions that are calculated outside of the core trading system.
Please provide this information early next week.  Look forward to seeing you.
Stacey
I won't sent this to you daily, but this is what we are providing to Treasury each day.  FYI --Sally 
Sally - as discussed in the meeting today attached is the consolidated list of cash flows for tomorrow.  This forecast includes all expected activity with the exception of NYMEX broker wires and OTC margins which are not available until approximately 6:30 a.m. tomorrow. Those numbers will be given to Paul Garcia as soon as they are known. I gave a copy of this spreadsheet to Paul and Mary Perkins about 6:15; they have my home and cell # if they need additional information tonight.  If you have any questions about the data please let me know 
Thanks,
Leslie
Thanks for letting me know about this.  I have copied Bob Hall, since he manages daily operations for EA I know that he would want to be aware of critical issues, particularly at this time.  I will also use this as an illustration with the rest of my team during a staff meeting tomorrow morning so that my direct reports who manage operations across all commodities will be aware of the potential risks created with manual wires.  --Sally 
Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever 
Teresa,
Pursuant to a discussion you had with Debbie Brackett last month regarding manual wires not process through SAP impacts the return of collateral a great deal.   It is very important that these manual wires be processed immediately in order for us to receive the correct feeds from SAP and calculate the correct net exposures for each counterparty.
Today, Melissa Ratnala confirmed that we made a manual payment to Reliant Energy Services on October 10th in the amount of $57MM.  Unfortunately, we were not advised of the payment and it was not reflected in the SAP feeds.  This resulted in Reliant holding $57MM collateral for an additional 12 days.  The management of cash collateral is extremely important and we need accurate information, in order to manage our daily cash position 
Please advise of any other counterparty that manual wires were made 
How can we resolve this issue promptly?
Thanks,
Veronica Gonzalez
Credit Analyst
Enron Corp.
Phone: (713) 853-0511
Fax: (713) 853-9476
Let's talk tomorrow about how we get everyone on the ball and thinking 
Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever 
Teresa,
Pursuant to a discussion you had with Debbie Brackett last month regarding manual wires not process through SAP impacts the return of collateral a great deal.   It is very important that these manual wires be processed immediately in order for us to receive the correct feeds from SAP and calculate the correct net exposures for each counterparty.
Today, Melissa Ratnala confirmed that we made a manual payment to Reliant Energy Services on October 10th in the amount of $57MM.  Unfortunately, we were not advised of the payment and it was not reflected in the SAP feeds.  This resulted in Reliant holding $57MM collateral for an additional 12 days.  The management of cash collateral is extremely important and we need accurate information, in order to manage our daily cash position 
Please advise of any other counterparty that manual wires were made 
How can we resolve this issue promptly?
Thanks,
Veronica Gonzalez
Credit Analyst
Enron Corp.
Phone: (713) 853-0511
Fax: (713) 853-9476
Please print attachement on cashflows for me - then delete my e-mail.  Thanks. 
revised
File has been converted to USD.  An October 01 amount was aslo added to the ENA tab for the USD Prepay section 
Clara
Clara Carrington
Financial Trading
Manager - Rate and Currency Risk Mgmt
Direct Tel: (713) 853-9224
Email:  Clara.Carringotn@
Please print message and attachment for me.  Thanks.  --Sally (then message can be deleted) 
I attach an Excel file with some statistics on minority owned businesses in
Harris County.  A few interesting facts that we can conclude from the
charts are:
Minorities represent 57% of Harris County population.
Minorities own 23% of the businesses which have employees (i.e.,
ignoring one-person businesses).
Minority firms on average each have 40% as many employees firms of all
ownerships in Harris County.
Minority owned businesses generate 5% of all the sales of Harris County
based firms.
Revenue per employee is about half as great in minority owned businesses
as in all businesses and compensation per employee (at around $18,700
each) is about 60% as great at minority firms as at all firms.
Something that is not disclosed in the numbers but which would be
interesting to know is how much higher a fraction of company employees are
minorities in minority owned businesses.  Does anyone have any information
on that subject?
A couple of other interesting points that I have come across include:
Texas is second among the states in the fraction of firms that are
minority owned (California is first).
Harris County is third among all counties in the U.S. in the fraction
that its minority owned firms compose of  all statewide minority owned
firms.
We can discuss the implications of all this information when we are
together again next week.
(See attached file: Harris County Minority Businesses.xls)
- Harris County Minority Businesses.xls 
Major budget focus for today beginning in a few minutes is to have our act together for the Delainey/Dietrich EES review tomorrow - Anthony Dayao, Beth Apollo and Kerry Roper will join me for a walk through. =20
=20
Finalizing EIM budget will likely not get done today.  Can give you the details on why later today.  Will become obvious.=20
=20
Just meet with Shankman and McConnell.  Not ready to finalize EGM budget yet.  They say that their commercial guys are waiting for Jeff Johnson to get with them on details of IT development projects.  I think that Jeff has been out for a few days, but I did see him on the 3rd floor when I was down there with Shankman and McConnell.  I will leave him a voice mail message to get an update on outstanding issues from his point of view.  Jeff and Mike want to have their stuff finalized by Friday.  I will convey that timeline to Jeff Johnson.=20
=20
After EES budget prep meeting this afternoon, next tall order of business is expanding our receivables monetization beyond EA to other commodities.  High priorty and very short time fuse on this one, for reasons that should be obvious.  I will have all of the Operations leads and settlements leads together this afternoon, along with Ramesh Rao and others in IT who may be required to help us extract necessary info. =20
=20
Nice way of telling you, Greg, that I understand your desire for a page of footnotes with budget explanations for Whalley, and that in my opinion that falls at the end of the list behind some of these other things today.  I will work with Kerry on this.  I can tell you, however, that updates on budgets are not top on anyone's lists today, including Whalley's.  We will honor your commitment to get him updated information, and will provide as much detail as possible.  Best approach given the state of business today may be to provide him with the high level overview (that one page of expense and capital), state where we are in the review process with each business unit, and highlight reductions in expense and capital to date.   We can continue to provide updates to Whalley as the EES, EIM, EGM and EBS (yes, I need to coordinate with Mark P. when he is back on some changes here - confidential at this point).  Don't know how useful detailed footnotes will be for Whalley before we truly finalize the various business unit budgets.  --Sally=20
Some things that jump out at me on the Whalley packet page labelled Global Support Dollars - 2002 Plan vs. 2001 Forecast Variance dated 10/23/01
=20
Under EGM, increase of 5,573 in operations expense and increase of 16,159 in IT development expense.  Doesnt that sound like a big jump?
=20
What made EIMs infrastructure go up 2,334?
=20
How is energy operations for EES down 9,092?
=20
What did EES spend capital on in 2001 to make the capital IT infrastructure variance be down 19,726?
=20
What is going on at Corp. with a positive IT infrastructure variance of 13,924?
=20
On the front page or Whalley summary page, why did depreciation go from 62,028 to 30,124 to 57,843.  I know some of what you said Kerry but we need to make sure that Enron knew the 2001 depreciation number in the 2001 plan and that 62,028 did get depreciated accurately and that it just so happened to turn out that only 30,124 got done on our books.
=20
You get the point.  I think this is what Whalley will do too with the entire packet on all pages.  I know the numbers are right, they just beg alot of questions so make sure we have an updated, very accurate cheat sheet with all the explanations so when he gets the packet today, he can follow it!
=20
I assume everything ties that should.
=20
Thanks.
=20
GP
=20
=20
=20
Data only:  Enron Board met this morning; afternoon management committee meeting had been planned for today beginning at 2:30; that afternoon session postponed; short meeting with management committee was held an hour ago.  Call me later if you want details.  --Sally 
I won't be able to attend the meeting on Friday.   I have an eye doctor's appointment at 9:30, so it is also unlikely that I will be able to call in, unless I am pleasantly surprised and he is running on time!  I will take the dial in number with me to the appointment in the event that I am somewhere in the process that allows me to dial in.  --Sally 
Dave Delainey has asked that everyone please plan to attend a followup meeting tomorrow, Friday, January 11, 2002.
Date:		January 11, 2002
Friday
Time:		10:00 am (cst)
Location: 	30C1
Topic:		Followup
For those of you that are out of town or traveling, a dail-in has been arranaged:
Dial-in:	888-282-9640
Passcode:	13289 
Kay Chapman
Executive Assistant
Office: 713-853-0643
Fax:    713-646-3702
In the lunch meeting that I held yesterday, I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on ways to improve employee morale at present.  I can always count on Bob Superty to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request - and to act!  Here are his ideas.  My thought is to get together an informal team (doesn't even have to be announced or publicized) to continue to generate ideas that could make a difference to employee morale right now and to make some of these things happen.  Any thoughts?  --Sally 
Sally, some thoughts/ideas that I thought about after your meeting 
Lets promote the positive - some very exciting things are happening such as the move to the new building, lets make sure we get the PR out there to talk about the new features, move in plans, etc. I know security is tight but how about a mini open house. At this point it would do us good to go beyond the "Building Guy". I know I get excited whenever I'm over there. 
Things like vendors in the lobby to push new technology etc. I believe it's important to keep that almost "electric" atmosphere that surrounds the company. Lets show our employees that our outside business relationships are as strong as ever and our vendors/business partners still view Enron as someone they are eager to continue doing business with. I always get charged up when the lobby is full of activity. Keeps the pulse of Enron at a high level. Get some fun things out there, things the employees can purchase, electronic devices are always attractive. Work out a decent discount to make it exciting. Give it a holiday twist. Even if it costs us a few bucks to make that happen might be worth it. 
Make a push to host more industry meetings (GISB is one that I can help with). Lets get our counterparties in here and let them know nothing has changed. We can include mini tours of the new building to get the word back on the street about how we might be down but boy are we poised to grow, grow and grow some more. 
I mentioned to you that I believe it's important for the Executive team to show up often to reassure our employees that yes there are real, caring people running this company. Maybe some impromptu floor meetings to talk about recent events. Let them feel like there is a real connection. Make it personal and regular. 
Thanks for listening, the sense from my group has been okay. Lots of concerns but nobody running out the door at this point. I'll keep you posted. 
Bob Superty
I am forwarding this message to you sent to me by Bob Superty.  Bob is the director of Gas Logistics for Enron Americas, and attended the lunch meeting that I held yesterday.  I asked all in attendance to let me know if they had ideas on things that could be done to improve employee morale.  I can always count on Bob to give thoughtful consideration to this type of request.  Here are his ideas.  Some of these I can orchestrate for my operations team and the broader Enron Net Works employee base.  Some of these suggestions could impact a broader base of employees.  I would be happy to lead any or all of these efforts on an Enron-wide basis is you think that would be appropriate.  I could certainly use some help, however 
You may already have a venue for this, but maybe it would be a good idea to put together a small team of interested individuals (like Bob Superty) who could make suggestions in the short run on ideas that could improve employee morale.  Not a formalized committee, and not even one that would have to be announced or publicized.  Just an ad hoc group to make a difference now.  Maybe this doesn't have to be corporate wide.  Maybe each business unit could put together an ad hoc group, if they feel that it is appropriate for their business unit, and maybe these various ad hoc groups could just share ideas.  This might be even more effective with buy-in and initiative from the business units, rather than the feel of a corporate overlay.  As I am typing, I am thinking that maybe we will pilot this in Enron Net Works and simply share what we are doing with others 
Your thoughts?  --Sally 
Sally, some thoughts/ideas that I thought about after your meeting 
Lets promote the positive - some very exciting things are happening such as the move to the new building, lets make sure we get the PR out there to talk about the new features, move in plans, etc. I know security is tight but how about a mini open house. At this point it would do us good to go beyond the "Building Guy". I know I get excited whenever I'm over there. 
Things like vendors in the lobby to push new technology etc. I believe it's important to keep that almost "electric" atmosphere that surrounds the company. Lets show our employees that our outside business relationships are as strong as ever and our vendors/business partners still view Enron as someone they are eager to continue doing business with. I always get charged up when the lobby is full of activity. Keeps the pulse of Enron at a high level. Get some fun things out there, things the employees can purchase, electronic devices are always attractive. Work out a decent discount to make it exciting. Give it a holiday twist. Even if it costs us a few bucks to make that happen might be worth it. 
Make a push to host more industry meetings (GISB is one that I can help with). Lets get our counterparties in here and let them know nothing has changed. We can include mini tours of the new building to get the word back on the street about how we might be down but boy are we poised to grow, grow and grow some more. 
I mentioned to you that I believe it's important for the Executive team to show up often to reassure our employees that yes there are real, caring people running this company. Maybe some impromptu floor meetings to talk about recent events. Let them feel like there is a real connection. Make it personal and regular. 
Thanks for listening, the sense from my group has been okay. Lots of concerns but nobody running out the door at this point. I'll keep you posted. 
Bob Superty
I got frustrated in trying to put together yesterday's lunch  - our list of senior directors and above in Net Works seemed incomplete.  I thought that Murray was a senior director, and realized that his name was not on the list.  I asked Christina to verify his title and to find out if he was in Houston this week so that he could be included.  I didn't understand why he wasn't on the list.  Does he report to you?  Hope that I didn't start a series of events that is wrong.  I thought that he did report to you and that that had been the case for several months.  So I didn't understand why HR's records were not correct.  --Sally 
fyi..
Thanks to all.  I'll follow up w/the processing center.
h
It's been done.
Blanca
Mary, 
Murray should report directly to Beth Apollo in SAP.   I was made aware of this today by Christina Valdez.   Would you please forward a SAP Web Based Form indicating the change in supervisors for Murray from Tim Belden to Beth Apollo as soon as possible and let us know when the form is submitted so I can confirm that it has been processed into the system?
Thanks for your help in this matter.
h
Didn't notice this e-mail yesterday!! --Sally 
Opps forgot to add the article.
Here it is 
Sorry again,
Chelsey
- NCL NEWSLETTER.doc 
I am so glad that you joined us for dinner, as well.  I noticed that the Dean jokingly said that the scholarship checks were "in the mail".  The University does send those checks to the students, so please let me know if you have not received that 
It was a pleasure again to visit with you over dinner.  Please keep me posted on your plans after graduation 
Sally Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
713-853-5926
sally.beck@
Hi Sally 
I hope you are having a great w/e Thank you very much for organizing the dinner the other night.  I enjoyed myself a lot and it was good meeting you again.
Take care and all the best in your new appointment. 
Warm Soo Pang 
EIM's budget meeting with Lay/Whalley/Frevert has been moved from Wednesday, October 24 to Monday, November 5.  Kerry Roper sent you an e-mail message today with revised dates for budget reviews 
McMahon is out of town today, and Ray Bowen's preference is to push the review of our revised ENW budget for EIM back to Wednesday (tomorrow).  I am coordinating with Kent Castleman on this meeting with Ray and will give you an update tomorrow after the meeting with Ray.  Kent believes that our current allocations are now acceptable to EIM.  They will okay the current EOL allocation, but are also very interested in the revised allocation methodology 
Brent has had to unexpectedly drive to Austin this afternoon to lecture to a class at UT - a Rick Causey commitment that Rick asked Brent to fill today.  When Brent is back tomorrow we will regroup on the EGM budget with the intent of sign-off from Mike and Jeff by end of day tomorrow or Thursday 
Whalley budget update - I reviewed this with Kerry today.  I suggested that on the Whalley recap sheet that we footnote that numbers were as of 10/22/01, and represented final agreement on EA charges, and revised charges (subject to final sign-off) for EIM.  The footnote should also say final reviews with EES and EGM are expected this week, so ENW charges to those business units are still preliminary.  I also suggested to Kerry that we footnote for Whalley the break-out and total (expense and capital) of budget reductions since our review with Whalley 10 days ago.  --Sally 
If you can make a call from where you are, let mw know and I will give you a download on both the all-employee meeting and our lunch meeting.  --Sally 
Feel free also to call me during my commute home tonight (613-417-1591) or at home tonight (281-370-8568 
Happy birthday tomorrow! --Sally 
Pumpkin recipe dip attached 
Absolutely - I would love for you to continue on the newsletter for next year.  Perhaps you would consider being the official Editor for next year?  That is the job that you are really doing!
Meagan sent her application in to OU today.  It's one of four schools to which she will apply, so nothing definitive yet.  But it is nice to get one out the door!  --Sally 
My assistant is faxing the two pages regarding news from national 
Sally - We can probably use the pumpkin dip recipe; with so many ads we may need 2 pull-out pages (calendar/minutes being one).  Plus, it would be great for everyone to have it for the upcoming holidays.
Faxing or email will be the best way to get info to me today - it's back-to-back dentist appointments, manicures (my indulgence!), tumbling, cheerleading, etc. so I will out more than I'm in.
I really enjoy the newsletter and will be happy to remain in this position for next year (if you'd like me to!).  With my advertising/journalism background - although it's been a lot of years since I've used it very much - this is just my "thing".  And with such rapid changes in technology, it's a challenge to learn new skills!
Have a great day, and I'll look for the additional info - Thanks!  Robin
I will mail the checks and money to Barb.  There was one other item that I was going to deliver to you.  One of the women who had prepared snacks for the last general meeting turnedin the recipe for her pumpkin dip.  She said that many people were asking her for it, and if we had room, maybe we could publish it in the newsletter.  I told her that we would have to see how much official material we have from the chapter and if we wind up with a needed "filler".  Let me know if you do need a filler, and I can send the recipe via an attachment.  Feel free to call me at work - 713-853-5926.  I have the recipe in my briefcase. 
Glad Nancy got back to you on the food drive - or lack there of!
At fall regional training, I attended a Communications session - they provided a list by month of desired national information (from the national website) to be included in our newsletters.  Had planned to drop that off as well.  I am still at home right now, but I can fax that to you when I get to the office a little later  
Thanks again for all of your hard work!!! --Sally 
Sally - sorry I didn't get back to you tonight; it was late when we got home from post-volleyball dinner and then the kids were on the phone - and internet until now.  It's been a long day to start the week!
We have a lot of ads this month (9)!  They will be "scattered" throughout the newsletter rather than all being placed on the back page, as they won't all fit in the half page.  If you'd like to mail the checks to Barb Lindsey (5523 Grosvenor Square, Houston 77069), that would be fine.  I don't keep the pink sheets once the newsletter is mailed out.
Nancy sent me a message that there will not be an official food drive at the Holiday Tea, and no announcement in the newsletter.  She indicates that we'll focus on the book drive for The Bridges, and Adopt-A-Family, and that, with the Sr. Presentation fees and tea fees all due in one month, it would be too much to do a food drive, too.  However, she said that if food items arrive we'll deliver them to NAM or TEAM.  If that's not still correct, please let me know.
Thanks!  Robin
P.S.  Boomer Sooner - Go OU!
Information forwarded below indicates that through October 22, we have not seen a drop off in deal counts executed through EnronOnline for derivatives trading.  Please let me know if you need additional information.  --Sally Beck (x35926) 
Sally - if you need additional data let me know.  As Torrey notes it looks as though the recent media reports have had no impact on the financial trading activity.  Thanks, Leslie
Hi Leslie,
As per our conversation, I have attached the graphs and trend data for the "top ten" counterparties. These graphs and data represent the EOL deal counts for each counterparty, by business day, since 9/24 and are based on Activity Reports run from the EOL database.
The trends are great, as all of the major financial counterparties are either doing business as usual, or actually increasing their activity with us slightly.
I will be in the office by 7AM tomorrow, so please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Torrey Moorer 
EnronOnline Product Control Group 
(713) 853-6218 
Attached is a document relating to confirmations and settlements functions, opportunities, and key dates.  Let me know what changes you would like to see and we can incorporate into the document.  Thanks, Leslie
Robin 
Several people gave me ad requests for the November newsletter.  I have had a crazy day at the office - should actually have been travelling to OU to interview students today.  Here are the ad contents.  I will try to call you on my way home and see if it is convenient to drop by the forms and the money.  In case I miss you, here are the contents:
Ashley Stone
Congratulations on being 
voted "Wittiest" at Klein.
We always knew you were!
Love, 
Mom, Dad and Stefani 
_________________________________
Congratulations!
Pam Martin
National Merit Commended Student
Love, 
Mom and Dad
_________________________________
Happy 17th Birthday
Kim (her mom didn't put a last name, but we may want to - I am blank, she is the daughter of Barbara ??????, our historian) 
With love and friendship'
Vivian and Lori Young 
_________________________________
Happy 13th Birthday
Chelsey Klingsporn (check spelling of name in directory - her mom paid for ad, but did not fill out a pink slip)
Love, 
Mom and Dad 
_________________________________
Other newsletter items:
Nancy Ramsey wanted to mention that sympathy goes out to Theresa and (her daughter's name?) on the death of their mother-in-law and grandmother
There will be a food drive for TEAM and NAM at the December tea - Claire Loria was to check with philanthropy chairs to find out if certain items would be needed by the TEAM and NAM food pantries - did she send you that detail? 
--Sally 
Hello, everyone! 
You have a reprieve this month!  I'll won't be working on the newletter until 10/22, so if you'd email me your report by 10/21, I'll  be working on it early next week - Thanks!  Robin
713-417-1591
It's about 6:45 pm right now - I need to spend 15 minutes or so on open items on my desk, then I will be headed home.  Commute takes about 35 minutes this time of night.  Try me in the car about 7:15 pm tonight and I can fill you in during my commute.  Feel free to call me at home tonight as well.  Best after 9:30 pm - 281-370-8568.  Other option will be during my commute tomorrow morning.  Try me in the car about 7:15 am.  --Sally 
Sally what's your cell number, I'd like to hear what was said in the MD meeting.
This is mid-day info from EOL trades today, compared to a full day recap for the same time last month.  We can recap for you at end of day, if you would like.  We chose counterparties that execute energy derivative transactions via EOL who have debt ratings that are higher than those of Enron. We can give you a complete recap at end of day 
Bill Bradford in Credit would be the likely party to be fielding questions from counterparties on credit questions.  If you have not talked with him, I would suggest that you do so 
Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
713-853-5926
sally.beck@
Counterparty				9/21/01		10/22/01
J Aaron					47		145
Coral Energy				23		59
Bank Of America			11		31
BNP Paribas				4		21
Deutsche Bank				8		5	
AIG Energy Trading			2		4
Chase Manhattan			13		2
I will be at the Hyatt tomorrow for the all-employee meeting and I hope that each one of you will plan to attend as well.  Certainly with current press coverage and market reaction last week and today, there will be many questions for Ken, Greg and Mark to address tomorrow.  It will be important for all of us as members of the senior leadership team of ENW to be familiar with tomorrow's discussion at the all-employee meeting 
To provide a follow-up opportunity to discuss what we hear in tomorrow's all-employee meeting, I invite you to attend an informal lunch meeting with me in ECS 4990 beginning at 12:00 noon.  This will give us the chance to clarify what we have heard and to collectively anticipate the reactions and additional questions that employees may have.  It will be important particularly now to be visible and accessible to our teams.  --Sally 
Please let Christina Valdez know today (x39106 or e-mail) if you will be at lunch on Tuesday so that we can place an order 
I want to remind you about our All-Employee Meeting this Tuesday, Oct. 23, at 10 a.m. Houston time at the Hyatt Regency.  We obviously have a lot to talk about.  Last week we reported third quarter earnings.  We have also been the subject of media reports discussing transactions with LJM, a related party previously managed by our chief financial officer.  Today, we announced that we received a request for information from the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding related party transactions.
I know you will have a number of questions about these issues and events, which I will address.   As usual, I will be as candid as I can.  I will do my best to provide answers and talk about where we go from here.  I encourage each of you to attend or tune in tomorrow.
This is mid-day info from EOL trades today, compared to a full day recap for the same time last month.  We can recap for you at end of day, if you would like.  We chose counterparties that execute energy derivative transactions via EOL who have debt ratings that are higher than those of Enron. We can give you a complete recap at end of day 
Bill Bradford in Credit would be the likely party to be fielding questions from counterparties on credit questions.  If you have not talked with him, I would suggest that you do so 
Sally W. Beck 
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
713-853-5926
sally.beck@
Counterparty				9/21/01		10/22/01
J Aaron					47		145
Coral Energy				23		59
Bank Of America			11		31
BNP Paribas				4		21
Deutsche Bank				8		5	
AIG Energy Trading			2		4
Chase Manhattan			13		2
Tuesday - 10:00 to 12:00 - is the all-employee meeting at the Hyatt.  Given negative publicity over the last several days and the dramatic market reaction (stock price today down to $20), the meeting tomorrow should be well attended and I would expect that the questions will be quite candid.  MD's had a meeting this morning with Lay, Whalley and Frevert, and we made suggestions on what should be covered in the all-employee meeting 
I have dropped out of my recruiting trip to Oklahoma tomorrow so that I can be present at the Hyatt meeting.  Since Mark and Greg are both travelling, I think that it is important to both Ken Lay and employees for us to have a visible prescence at the meeting.  As a follow up, I am pulling together a group of senior leaders within ENW at noon for an informal lunch (in the conference room without door handles!). We will discuss what we heard at the all-employee meeting and how to anticipate employee questions and deal with the possibililty of low morale.  I will stress the importance of visible, consistant leadership at this time, and will ask all to do their part on this.  I discussed this with Greg Piper this morning, and he suppports this effort.
Who do you want to have attend the lunch folllow-up meeting?  I need to send a note ASAP today to get this on everyone's calendar.  Beth Perlman suggested that we included Senior Directors and above.  Are you two okay with this?  --Sally 
Thanks for taking the lead on this.  Let me know if I can help.  --Sally 
ALL-
You will all be getting an invitation to a project greentlight meeting.  I would like to get together and discuss the logistics of what the committee will do.  Please think about:
1.  How often we should meet
2.  How to hold people accountable for projects
3.  Setting up timelines for where the committee thinks we should be at benchmark times.  (maybe each quarter end)
4.  Reporting progress to Sally and Rick Buy
I am sure there are many other things which I have left out, which you guys may want to add.  I appreciate everyone' s attention to this project both now and going forward.
Thanks,
Jeff
Do you want to have Jenny Rub join us for this budget meeting to review IT Infrastructure costs?  She owns that piece of the ENW budget.  Let me know.  Another option is that Anthony and I could cover those costs, with the option to contact Jenny if more detail is required.  --Sally 
Reminder:  Your 2002 Business Plan Meeting is scheduled as follows:
Wholesale Services - 2002 Business Plan Meeting 
Date:	Thursday - October 25, 2001
Time:	1:00p to 3:00p 
Place:	EB 872
Attendees		
Sally Beck
Anthony Dayao
Beth Apollo
Dave Delainey 
Janet Dietrich 
Dan Leff
Wade Stubblefield 
Thank you.
I am going to miss the reception on Sunday evening and interviews on Monday.  I will arrive on Monday night and will interview on Tuesday.  Look forward to seeing you then.  --Sally 
Hello OU Team 
Is anyone else on the Continental 1117 (6:50PM arrival) flight this Sunday? If so, please let me know if you would be interested in sharing a rental car.  Thanks - Tana
Thanks, Jeff.  I will get you more info for you and your team in early November.  --Sally 
Golf Tournament names for gas risk management
Jeff Gossett	x37306		Hcp: 10
Errol Mclaughlin	x58274		Hcp: 36
O'neal Winfree	x39686		Hcp: 36
Kam Keiser	x35781		Hcp: 36 
Can you please provide info to Sally.
thanks
bob
RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start
Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks 
Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 
Foursomes
Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services
Brent Price (1)
Kevin Sweeney (1)
Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 
Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks 
Sally - if you want to suggest changes to the presentation tonite please call me at home 281-476-4408 or cell 713-907-6554. I apologize for misscommunication as to my piece of this activity.  You should have been copied on the org chart I did last week for NETCO; if not please let me know.  Thanks, Leslie
Thanks for the info, Bob.  I will get you more details on the tournament in early November.  --Sally 
Sally here is the information for the Logistics foursome:
George Smith, Tel #  - 713-853-6993, Handicap - 20
Darren Farmer, Tel # - 713-853-6905, Handicap - 30
Charlie Muzzy, Tel # - 713-853-1520, Handicap - 25
Bob Superty, Tel # - 713-853-0957, Handicap - 36
Can you please provide info to Sally.
thanks
bob
RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start
Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks 
Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 
Foursomes
Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services
Brent Price (1)
Kevin Sweeney (1)
Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 
Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks 
I will be there.  I will fill you and Mark in on what we hear.  --Sally=20
+
All yours.  Mark and I are out.
GP
Please plan to attend the Quarterly Managing Director Meeting scheduled for Monday, October 22.  An agenda will be distributed at the meeting.=20
Meeting details are as follows:
Monday, October 22
8:30 - Noon
Hyatt Regency
Dogwood Room (located on the 3rd floor)
A video connection will be made from the London office.
Please call if you have any questions.
Joannie
3-1769
Is this for all assistants within ENW?  How many are there?  I would certainly be glad to split the cost with Mark and Greg.  --Sally 
Sally -
Tina had asked if you want to split three ways for Assistants Christmas gifts this year?
Christina
Ladies,
Attached is a spreadsheet showing the cost for each of the Tiffany items you want to see.  Included are the 15% discount, 100 minimum quantity, tax.  It's also assuming that I can negotiate free shipping.  I think we need to stay under $10,000.  Even if we end up splitting it 3 ways, I would be afraid to go much higher.  Given that, I'll ask Leslie with Tiffany to bring everything under $100.
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070
Since I was undecided on this meeting, I did not RSVP.  You may have already done so for me.  I do want to let them know that I plan to attend now.  Thanks.  --Sally=20
I do see Piper on the invitation list. =20
Please plan to attend the Quarterly Managing Director Meeting scheduled for Monday, October 22.  An agenda will be distributed at the meeting.=20
Meeting details are as follows:
Monday, October 22
8:30 - Noon
Hyatt Regency
Dogwood Room (located on the 3rd floor)
A video connection will be made from the London office.
Please call if you have any questions.
Joannie
3-1769
To give you more free time on the weekend 
Shona:  Does this impact you?  Does anyone in your group plan to be in over the weekend 
Enron Center South will be closed this Saturday from noon to 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.  Please pass this information on to everyone in your group.
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070
RE:  Golf Tournament at Ravenaux Country Club, Monday, November 19th 
11:00 am Registration and Range Balls; 12:00 Noon Shotgun Start
Please send me the list players for each foursome, along with their handicaps and phone numbers by Friday this week?   Thanks 
Will provide more information for all players prior to tournament. 
Foursomes
Beth Apollo (2):  EES and Global Services
Brent Price (1)
Kevin Sweeney (1)
Bob Hall (2):  Risk and Logistics 
Chantelle:  Brent has given me names of players for his foursome - Brent, Scott Earnest; John Swinney and Frank Prejean.  Can you get handicaps and phone numbers (Enron) for me?  Thanks 
Please print a color copy for me.  Thanks.  Also, forward to Bob Hall - I can never be sure that attachments forward correctly.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Ramesh and I combined our pieces to form an explanatory for the items in our worlds. 
The numbers shown here, are the Direct Project costs and do not reflect fully loaded costs.
I'll be in early in the morning, if you need to see this differently... I'm assuming its mainly to show how we got to the significant cuts/changes 
Stephen Stock
Enron Americas Front Office IT
Tel : 713-345-8980
Cell : 832-274-0236
The following individuals from The University of Texas at Austin have agreed to join us honoring Enron/UT MBA Scholar Recipients Holland Brown, Christopher Cashman, and Soo Pang Tang:
Dean Bob May, McComb School of Business
Dr. Linda Golden, Professor of Marketing
Dr. Ehud Ronn, Director of Energy Finance 
Dr. Angela Dorsey, Assistant Director of Energy Finance
Dr. Beverly Hadaway, Director of EDS Financial Trading & Technical Center
!
Sally
713.417.1591 (cell 
Probably should have sent this to you as well as Brent.  --Sally 
What's the story on this one?  Who can best answer the four questions posed by Wanda?  How soon can we have answers?  Interestingly, I have a 4:00 PM meeting today with Rick Buy, David Port, Wanda Curry, Bill Bradford and Debbie Brackett (rescheduled from last Friday re: Project Greenlight, due to Buy's schedule).  I would like to be more informed than they are at 4:00.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Sally,
FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 
It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.
Thanks,
Wanda
Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156
Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.
Burton & Zakiyyah
UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	
Thanks for forwarding the note to me.  I have asked Shona and Brent to get back with me on answers to your questions.  Shona's team did move this weekend to ECS (as did I), and I am not sure how much additional chaos this has added to her life for today!  I will follow up with her mid -afternoon on details 
I agree with you that this serves as a good case study  - underscores indeed that we need to start some of the projects under Project Greenlight instead of continuing to document problems.  By definition,  to arrive at complete and accurate transfer daily of information from all source systems to RisktRAC, we must know the universe of all books and spreadsheets.  --Sally 
Sally,
FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 
It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.
Thanks,
Wanda
Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156
Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.
Burton & Zakiyyah
UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	
Sorry to cut the conversation short last night, but frankly I was in tears and it didn't make sense to continue the conversation.  Certainly if you feel more comfortable staying at a hotel, you should do what you think is best for you.  We will just be happy to have you with us for whatever time you feel is right for you.   My reaction last night was simply shock, because we had never discussed your staying at a hotel during this visit.  And your lead in to the conversation with "you know we are staying at a hotel...", was such a surprise.  Yes, you stayed at a hotel when you were here for Thanksgiving, but that was with Cindy, Richard, Brigeda, Chris and Cara staying in our home as well.  With just the two of you, and since you had said nothing to the contrary, I assumed that you would be in our home 
What you couldn't know, of course, is the caring time that I have taken over the last several weeks to complete a refresh of the guest room, all with the timing based on having it ready for the two you for this weekend.  But it was this special effort for your visit that made it particularly surprising and then disappointing to me that you will stay at a hotel.  I had it down to the details of new hangers for the closet, a real bed instead of just a frame, I ironed sheets on Sunday night (something that I never do for us!) and have my framer on a tight turn-around on reframing some family pictures to complete a wall in the guest room.  Certainly other guests can enjoy these things, too, but my timing on everything was to make the room even more comfortable and complete for you by the time of your visit. 
I have certainly gotten comfortable today with the idea that you will stay in the hotel, and again, whatever is best for you.  Sounds as if we should make that the "norm" from this point forward, and then expectations will be set ahead of time for everyone 
I do hope that you can come in time for lunch on Friday.  I am planning to take the day off from work, and the plan was that David would join us so that the four of us could have lunch at Champions.  David has taken some office space near Champions, and we had planned to show you that as well.  Then we can rest (you can to do that at the hotel, if that is better for you), before having our nails done at 4:00.  But again, whatever works best for you.  Just let us know.  --Sally 
What's the story on this one?  Who can best answer the four questions posed by Wanda?  How soon can we have answers?  Interestingly, I have a 4:00 PM meeting today with Rick Buy, David Port, Wanda Curry, Bill Bradford and Debbie Brackett (rescheduled from last Friday re: Project Greenlight, due to Buy's schedule).  I would like to be more informed than they are at 4:00.  Thanks.  --Sally 
Sally,
FYI.  This is an example of the issues associated with the risk feeds and the need to document the universe of books that should be sent to RisktRAC on a daily basis.  Both Todd and Shona are working to reconcile RisktRAC positions to the source liquids books, identify the omitted books and make corrections.  The total volume difference is 3.4 million barrels (not certain this is accurate, but material under any circumstance).  I am also not certain how long these positions have not been included.  I believe this issue it limited to VAR only, and that CreditAg has been reporting the credit exposures. 
It would be a good idea to dissect this particular problem to understand the scope of what we need for Project Green Light.  If you would like to discuss this further, let me know.  I would like to ask for the following,  1) how long have these books not been included in RisktRAC,   2) what is the impact on V@R,   3) total volumes not reported,  and 4) reason for omission (I believe it had to do with the portfolio hierarchy).  Please, let me know what you think.
Thanks,
Wanda
Bj?rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Trade Floor: +1 713 345 0338
Mobil:   + 1 281 451 4156
Bill, please see the attached list of books that you are officializing that is not coming into the RisktRAC.
Burton & Zakiyyah
UK-PL-BRENT	
UK-JV-ARB-GOIP	
UK-CRD-DUBAI	
UK-CRD-CLCM	
UK-CRD-BRCM	
UK-CD-CLCM	
UK-CD-BRCM	
UK-BENZ-FIN2	
SGP-RESID-BRNT	
PHYOIL2	
OIL-SPECII-C3	
OIL PRICE - CLCM	
OIL - BRCM	
BLND-BRENT	
Our meeting with EIM is set for Monday, October 12th from 9:00 to 10:30.  Ray Bowen has already reviewed the operations budget with Kevin Sweeney - Ray just initiated that meeting himself with Kevin one day last week, spur of the moment.  But that is the only meeting regarding ENW budgets that has taken place.  I have been working with Kent Castleman (EIM's CAO) since last week to arrange our meeting now set for Monday 
I think that by "agreed plan", McMahon just means that is the amount that at this point EIM is saying they are willing to take.  --Sally 
Hi Sally,
When EIM say 'agreed plan' what does that mean? Have they had any conversations with us yet?
Mark Pickering 
Chief Technology Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
_____  
Re:  Attachment, here it is again......let me know if you receive attachment this time.
Christina
here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have
Kent
here is McMahon's email with the attached file
Kent
I had a discussion with Michael about allocations and the London office I would like to discuss with you 
bruce
Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.
The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.
Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen
The last message in this trail is McMahon's note to the Management Committee members regarding allocations and an attached spreadsheet with his proposed acceptance of allocations.  Just FYI 
I met with Kent Castleman yesterday to get a feel for the areas where McMahon has questions regarding our Net Works budget.  I will pass those along to Brad, Jenny, and Beth today, and will copy you two on that note.  Bowen has already reviewed Kevin Sweeney's budget for Operations.  Kevin reduced his direct costs by $1MM relative to the original budget submitted, and Kent says that Jeff and Ray are fine with that one now.  I don't anticipate much conversation around that on Monday.  --Sally 
here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have
Kent
here is McMahon's email with the attached file
Kent
I had a discussion with Michael about allocations and the London office I would like to discuss with you 
bruce
Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.
The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.
Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen
Angela:
Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send a final list of attendees by the end of today 
Sally W. Beck
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works, LLC
Phone - 713.853.5926
Fax - 713.345.8100
sally.beck@
Per my voice mail, Wanda is still the lead on this initiative.  From our conversation in your office, I had assumed that this would change.  Apparently has not to date 
Rick Buy and I are scheduled to get together tomorrow for an hour.  My intent had been to review operational risk reports and information with him and to suggest an approach for meeting his objectives.  He has added Wanda, Debbie Brackett, Bill Bradford and David Port to the tomorrow's meeting since our first point of discussion will be a joint project that Rick and I are sponsoring.  Unless he pairs down the group in tomorrow's meeting after our first topic, I doubt that we will be able to discuss follow up on our conversation in your office regarding operational risk.  --Sally  
I want to move forward with scheduling the initial meeting of the Operational Risk Management task force.  How does Tuesday, October 16th and the afternoon of Thursday, October 18th look for everyone?  Please let me know your schedule for both of these dates.  Most of the task force members have been identified, with the exception of those from GRMO and IT.  Sally Beck will identify representatives from these two areas.  I would also expect that other individuals may be consulted from time to time as additional expertise or resources or required 
I intend to schedule a two-hour block of time for this meeting.  The agenda will include, at a minimum,  the following topics:
Definition of Operational Risk for  Enron - What's in and What's Out
Preliminary Goals for Operational Risk Management (to be refined by the group)
Develop Common Language
Identify Framework for Monitoring Risk
Role of this task force  - Strategy
Set common objectives for implementation this year and a look forward to 2002
Current Initiatives
Communications Plan 
Open Discussion - Other Ideas from the group 
- Suggestions re other groups/individuals to include on the task force
I am excited about leading this initiative for Enron.  We have a unique opportunity to define operational risk measurement for Enron, develop reporting guidelines, and provide qualitative assessments of operational risk, all of which will be considered during the risk capital allocation process.   But most importantly, we can identify ways to mitigate Enron's exposure to operational risk.  Please call if you would like to discuss any of the above prior to the meeting 
Thanks, 
Wanda Curry
Is this the staff meeting for next Thursday, October 18th?  I will be here that day.  --Sally 
Sally,
Greg won't make the ENW staff meeting.  Will you be there?  If not, I'll cancel it.
Thanks,
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070
What is it that Oxley is looking for in the ENW PRC report that you mentioned 
FYI below.
You mentioned today in the PRC meeting some numbers on VPs across Enron Corp.  I was surprised at the total number of VPs in the company that were not commercial.
ENW has 14 VPs, 1 MD and 3 in the OTC for a total of 18 employees in ENW at or above VP across commercial, commercial support, specialized technical and technical.
Of the 14 VPs, 5 are specialized technical, 2 are commercial and 7 are commercial support.
Although I have a large number of employees to look at in the coming months for both budget and PRC, I do not have very many at senior levels.
We will have an ENW PRC report as per your request from the meeting today by next Wednesday.
GP
Marla Barnard
Vice President - Human Resources
Enron Net Works and Enron Broadband Services
713-345-8158
Cell:  713-898-3083
Through Friday, October 12 at 5:00 pm I will be in ECN 2748.  I will move to ECS over the weekend, so if you do not get my packet to me before 5:00 on Friday, please call my assistant (Christina Valdez x39106) to get my new location for Monday 
Please email me your locations so I may deliver your packets in a timely manner.
thx!
alyse
All -
Attached is the event sheet for interviews next week, including all confirmation numbers and event times.  Please double-check your arrival/departure dates and let Alyse know (ext. 5-7339) by tomorrow afternoon if any changes need to be made.
I will see you all next week.
Thanks again for all your help!
Lexi
3-4585
Attached is an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund Scholarships.  This is Enron's third year to award scholarships to three outstanding students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to recognize the students.  Dean May will be in attendance, as well as other faculty members from the business school, including Ehud Ronn, Director of UT's Center for Energy Finance and Research 
Since each of you will be in Austin to interview on campus on Tuesday, or will be arriving Tuesday to interview on Wednesday, I hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday, October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  Please RSVP to me by Friday.  I will send you a complete list of attendees on Monday.  Call me if you have any questions.  --Sally 
Absolutely, we would enjoy having Angela Dorsey join us for dinner.  I am glad that you made the suggestion.  Please extend the invitation to her now so that she can reserve the date on her calendar, and if you will send me her e-mail address we will send her an invitation as well 
Thanks for the congratulations.  Yes, the title is an new one - announced just a few weeks ago 
I look forward to seeing you next Tuesday evening.  --Sally  
Sally:
This is our third year to work jointly with many of you
in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding
students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights
to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to
recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I
hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday,
October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.
As I have in previous years, I look forward to joining you, your colleagues
and mine at the reception and dinner.
Subject to understandable space constraints, may I be so bold as to suggest
you consider inviting my Center for Energy Finance Assistant Director
Angela Dorsey, who has been closely involved with all UT energy finance
activities?
I take this opportunity to congratulate you on what I believe is, at least
to me, your new title.
,
Ehud Ronn
Professor of Finance and Jack S. Josey Professor in Energy Studies
Director, Center for Energy Finance Education and Research
McCombs School of Business
University of Texas at Austin
Austin, TX. 78712-1179
Voice:  (512) 471-5853
FAX:  (512) 471-5073
Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu
I have almost completely lost my voice today and am also running a fever.  I have coordinated with Bob Hall this morning and he will attend the 10:00 meeting in ECN 30C1.  He will be able to give a good overview of operations and will be able to coordinate any other information needs they may have.  All that I could do at this point is cough and nod! 
I could certainly answer any questions for the Euros via e-mail, if needed, over the weekend.  Call me at home (281-370-8568) and I will be glad to do so  
I do expect to be in the office on Monday - hopefully with a voice.  --Sally 
Can you keep a running list of attendees and RSVP's?  Thanks 
Sally--I look forward to seeing you again and will be there.  Linda Golden
At 04:13 PM 10/10/2001 -0500, you wrote:
Attached please find an invitation to attend a dinner hosted by Enron to
honor this year's recipients of the Enron MBA Excellence Fund
Scholarships.  This is our third year to work jointly with many of you
in the business school to award these scholarships to outstanding
students in their second year of the MBA program. One of the highlights
to those of us involved from Enron is the dinner that we host to
recognize the students and to renew associations with many of you.  I
hope that you will be able to join us at The Josephine House on Tuesday,
October 16 for cocktails at 7:00pm and dinner at 7:30pm.  In attendance
from Enron will be Rick Causey and me, plus a few others from our senior
management team who will be in Austin conducting our on-campus
interviews for Enron's Analyst Program.  I will send each of you a final
list of attendees by the end of this week.