The bird on the other hand has got to be an informant. He has
 mastered their frightful tongue (something akin to mole speak and
 speaks with them regularly. I am certain he reports my every move.
 Due to his current placement in the metal room, his safety is assured.
 But I can wait, it is only a matter of time 
I spoke with Bill about this and he agreed it was a good idea.
Susan Flynn
08/04/99 02:41 PM
Tanya   - Is it possible that Credit could include the restrictions listed 
on the Executed Master Agreement list (see current version in attachment 
below) on your department's  Credit Watch List?    In one of our group 
meetings, we were discussing this idea.   We thought it might more sense to 
include the information on an existing report, instead of creating another 
report.    Please let me know 
Susan Flynn
08/04/99 02:32 PM
Please send the attached list to all ECT North America as a WORD DOCUMENT 
today, Wednesday, August 4, 1999.   The subject should read as follows:   ECT 
North America Executed Master Agreements.   The text should read as 
follows:   See the attached list of executed Master Agreements (covering U.S. 
and Canada financial transactions only).
In order to complete the approved list of counterparties fo the new online 
trading system I need a list of master agreements you have negotiated that do 
not have all the necessary representations (e.g. trade option exemption) and 
definition references to permit trading energy commodity derivatives.  Friday 
noon would be soon enough.
Thanks,
Mark
This might be good for you to go to.
Corporate Administrative Services
Join us for the first Travel Service Forum sponsored by the Travel Agency in 
the Park.  Please mark your calendar as follows:
Date:  Wednesday, August 18, 1999  
Time:  10:00am - 11:00am      -or-     2:00pm - 3:00pm
Location  EB 5c2
Topics addressed at this forum will include travel savings opportunities and 
travel transaction service charges, but more importantly, TAP and Enron 
Travel Management are looking for suggestions from travelers and travel 
arrangers concerning additional services that would make booking travel 
easier.  We will also discuss services that are currently provided that 
travel arrangers may not be aware of.
We welcome all travel questions.  Send your questions to Tracy Ramsey via 
e-mail by Friday, August 13th.   All questions will be answered at the 
forum.  Answers will also be distributed via e-mail for those who cannot 
attend.
Our intent is for this forum to be interactive.  Service comments and 
suggestions are encouraged.  A pair of airline tickets for travel within the 
US 48 will be rewarded for both the best and worst service stories (no 
fiction allowed).  E-mail, or fax (713-646-5951) your service experience to 
Tracy Ramsey before August 13th 
Forum participants please r.s.v.p to Cheryl Slone via e-mail 
cslone@ect.enron.com
Space is limited to 75 per session.
We look forward to seeing you on August 18th 
Laurel Adams
08/02/99 01:50 PM
Mark,
Please review and let me know if this format is acceptable.  Robina informed 
me that the Delaware Trust is to be called Wilton Trust, and I assumed that 
the date of the master would be the date of the first trade.
Mark Evans
08/04/99 04:15 AM
Paul,
Thanks.
Mark
Bobby Bajaj
04/08/99 09:53
Mark, you will note we actually asked for the debt Put Company to be changed 
to ECTR Corp. a couple of weeks ago.
Bobby
Mark Evans
04/08/99 09:50
Can anybody tell me where this company fits in to the Enron group structure? 
Who are its shareholders and when was it incorporated. Is it definitely a 
Delaware Corp?
Can you please let me know asap.
Thanks
Mark
Dear all,
As already promised to some of you, attached is a copy of the transaction
summary (very big picture) which we prepared for the purpose of distributing
among the senior lenders.  It includes a structure chart.
Please note that, also as already indicated to some of you, ECT Europe Inc.
is to play no part in the transaction.  In this respect both the attached
summary/chart and the documentation are out of date.
This will need to be taken account of when preparing your opinions.
Kind  ,  Paul Coleman.
ID: CC992140300
Please extract the attached file.
SLAUGHTER AND MAY, 35 Basinghall Street, London EC2V 5DB.  Telephone: 0171
600 1200
This E-Mail message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged
information.  If you are not named above as an addressee it may be unlawful
for you to read, copy, distribute, disclose or otherwise use the information
in this E-Mail message.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
E-Mail message please telephone or E-Mail us immediately.
A list of the partners and their professional qualifications is available
for inspection at the above address.  The partners are either solicitors or
registered foreign lawyers.
- CC992140.DOC
Looks good to me.  Enjoy!
Marie Heard on 12/03/98 09:08:31 AM
I would like to schedule Tuesday, December 15 through Friday, December 18 as 
vacation.  Please let me know if there is a problem.
Thanks!
Marie
Please print this out for me.
Margaret Santos
30/07/99 08:49 PM
DEAR COLLEAGUES,
SOME CHANGES WERE MADE AT OUR S?O PAULO PHONE LIST.
IF YOU HAVE A PRINTED LIST (DATE 07/13/99), PLEASE, PRINT THE UPDATED ONE.
I'M ATTACHING TWO FILES: PHONE LIST and ASSISTANTS (with the names of the 
bosses and their respective assistants)
FROM NOW ON, THE CHANGES WILL BE MADE EVERY LAST day of each month.
THANK YOU ALL 
(See attached file: PHONE_LIST.xls)                                 (See
attached file: ASSISTANTS.xls)
MARGARET SANTOS
Receptionist - S?o Paulo
- PHONE_LIST.xls - ASSISTANTS.xls
Laurel:
Apologies for my delay in responding to you.  Carol St. Clair is helping me 
with this transaction now.  She will get back to you on the confirms.  Please 
copy her on future e-mails.
Mark
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, 
it's just possible you haven't fully grasped the situation.
I'm off to London tomorrow (after a stopover day in NYC and back next Wed but T will be around all weekend.  Are you guys here or traveling again?
I will not be available for the call on Friday.
Janet H Moore
08/05/99 10:39 AM
Kim Zachary
08/05/99 10:08 AM
There will be a conference call on Project Tornado on Friday, August 6th from 
9:00am to 12:00 Noon (Central time).  The call-in number is: 800-649-2862, 
confirmation #: 1525263 and the host is Larry Lawyer.  If you can not 
participate please let me know as soon as possible.  Thanks.
Kim Zachary
713-853-1971
Here are the revised North American documents.  Those with "(credit)" in the 
document name contain the letter of credit language.  I suggest that you not 
consider the EGLI and ELFI documents as final until we get sign-off from 
Credit as to the "Buyer posts" language which I suspect they contain 
Mark
I like to leave for London at least a day earlier than absolutely necessary 
so I have a day to get adjusted to the time change - otherwise you get off 
the plane and go straight to the office (with a shower on the way if you're 
lucky) and I'm exhausted at that point.  I don't ever sleep well on the 
plane.  This time I'm leaving on Friday afternoon to stop in NY for a party 
Friday night and then leaving for London from there on Sat. night.  Since the 
company pays for business class, there's no savings for going over the 
weekend.  I could get a free companion ticket for T but he's never been able 
to get off work at the same time I have to go.
The rest of our August is a bit hectic, too.  Next weekend T has a swim meet 
in San Francisco and I leave that Mon. night to spend the rest of the week in 
S. America. The following weekend we had tentatively set a trip to Laguna 
Beach but I think it's been canceled for lack of funds if not just so I can 
catch my breath.  We leave on our big trip to Europe (Germany, Belgium & the 
Netherlands) on the 26th and don't get home til 9/12.
I have to pack tonight so I think we'll pass on the film.  I hope we get a 
chance to get together some time in the next few weeks - maybe a weeknight 
dinner some time since the weekends look pretty full?
It strikes me that it would be appropriate to offer this service without the 
application fee and deposit to Platinum Elite members and Presidents Club 
members.  If not, the fact that ANY spaces are being removed from the already 
inadequate supply will only infuriate me, not make me happy. 
As a frequent traveler in the Houston area, Continental Airlines would
like to tell you about a new guaranteed parking service at Bush
Intercontinental Airport (IAH) being introduced by the City of Houston
Aviation Department.
The IAH Sure Park is a members-only service that guarantees you a parking
space on a secure floor (2nd level) via a private entrance in the C East
Garage, along with a private expedited exit.  The C East Garage is
adjacent to Terminal C and parking will be available 24 hours a day, 365
days a year.   There is a one-time application fee of $200 along with a
$50 refundable deposit for the access card.  When you use the IAH SurePark
facility, the charge is $15 per 24 hour period.  For more information or
to obtain a membership application, please call the Houston Airport
Management office at 281-230-3006 or e-mail your request to
iahsurepark@has.ci.houston.tx.us.
IAH Sure Park is a service managed in whole by the City of Houston
Aviation Department and is offered on a first come, first served basis.
Thanks for the update - I can't say I'm too sorry about any delay since I 
haven't had a spare moment to look at them yet anyway.  This project moves so 
fast and there's so much to do it's scary!
Hey Marc - what time is your soiree tomorrow?
Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not 
contain the necessary elements for trding energy commodity derivatives?  In 
particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption 
representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions.
Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not 
contain the necessary elements for trading energy commodity derivatives?  In 
particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption 
representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions.
Hey Yao!  How are you doing these days?  We never see you anymore.  I'm going 
over to London on Saturday - any chance you'll be in that part of the world?
On a business note, we are getting set up to trade energy commodities and 
derivatives online and one of the things we have to do is figure out what we 
can trade with each potential counterparty.  Do you remember negotiating any 
master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for 
trading energy commodity derivatives?  In particular I'm thinking about 
things like the trade option exemption representations and the commodity 
derivatives definitions provisions. 
Thanks!
Mark
Thanks Marcus - I'll give you a call when I'm in London next week.
Carol St Clair
08/06/99 08:44 AM
Mark:
The only one that I have done recently is the one for Petrous LLC which does 
not contain the trade option exemption rep from them.
Carol
Sara Shackleton
08/06/99 08:56 AM
1.  Finance deals for total return swaps may not have had such language.
2.  A couple of masters may have excluded trade option exemption with 
respect to counterparty or used our "deemed" language.
3.  Maybe some of Shari's weather masters excluded commodity items.
4.  Credit Lyonnais AAA Master didn't address commodities.  Are there 
other AAA masters and/or bank masters like this?
5.  The paralegals may remember something.
Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not 
contain the necessary elements for trading energy commodity derivatives?  In 
particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption 
representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions.
Shari Stack
08/05/99 05:28 PM
As requested:
1. American Re Capital Markets Inc.-   No T.O. Exemption or Commodity 
Language/ Meant only for Weather Deals
2. Dakota LLC: Deal Specific
3. Greenfield Holdings Co. Limited: Deal Specific
4. Greenfield Shipping Company Limited (ECTRIC): Deal Specific
5. Enserco LLC: Deal Specific
6. Mellon Bank: No T.O. Exemption or Commodity Language/Only for IR, FX and 
Currency Options
7. Midland Bank plc: No T.O. Exemption or Commodity Language/Only for IR, FX 
and Currency Options
8. Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. (ECT): Negotiated in '92 - has no  T.O. 
Exemption Language
9. National Westminster Bank plc: Negotiated in '94- has no  T.O. Exemption 
Language but is being amended to include FX and Currency Options
10. Papier Masson Ltee (ECT Canada): Deal Specific
11. Panther LLC: Deal Specific
12. PXRE Corporation:  No T.O. Exemption or Commodity Language/ Meant only 
for Weather Deals
13. St. Paul Re (Bermuda) Ltd.:  No T.O. Exemption or Commodity Language/ 
Meant only for Weather Deals
14. Teesside  Power Financing Limited (RMT): Deal Specific
15. UBS AG (ECT Inv.):   No T.O. Exemption or Commodity Language/Meant for 
Equity Derivatives only
16. Westdeutsche Landesbank Giro.:  No T.O. Exemption or Commodity 
Language/Only for IR, FX, Currency Options & FRA's
Please let me know how you want to be updated on future restricted Agreements.
Yao Apasu@_DEVELOPMENT
08/06/99 03:22 AM
Hey Mark,
Nice to hear from you. Sorry we missed all those appointments. I even missed 
the happy hour with Tana and Marie. How long are you going to be in London. 
There is no chance I'll be there before the 15th. I was scheduled to be back 
in Houston  next Monday but it looks like I am spending the next week in 
Abuja, Nigeria. Let me know what your plans are for the following week. 
I don't recall any such deviations from the norm, on the business note , that 
is. The agreements were pretty much standard. You did such a great job, I 
wouldn't want to temper with perfection, would I? Miss you all. Say hi to the 
rest of the gang for me.
yao
Hey Yao!  How are you doing these days?  We never see you anymore.  I'm going 
over to London on Saturday - any chance you'll be in that part of the world?
On a business note, we are getting set up to trade energy commodities and 
derivatives online and one of the things we have to do is figure out what we 
can trade with each potential counterparty.  Do you remember negotiating any 
master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for 
trading energy commodity derivatives?  In particular I'm thinking about 
things like the trade option exemption representations and the commodity 
derivatives definitions provisions. 
Thanks!
Mark
Mary Weatherstone on 08/06/99 03:58:19 PM
Per my conversation with Trisha Hughes the following is the proper coding for 
the Enron OnLine Project (EOL).
Company: 460
RC:  1491
W.O.:  E14911
Please use the rest of the proper coding all all other categories such as 
detail class, etc.
If you have any questions, please contact Trisha Hughes or myself.
Thanks,
Mary
Jodi Dziadek
08/02/99 03:02 PM
Anthony B Dayao
07/27/99 04:32 PM
The original W.O. # assigned E14911 on Co. 460 is the correct work order to 
use.   Please let me know if you have any questions.
Veronda Willis
853-7994
David G Mally
07/12/99 12:30 PM
Please use your normal coding for account major, account sub, detail class.
Please add OEXP in the cost catalog description:  OEXP covers all expenses 
except for payroll including meals, travel, and hotel (for your expense 
reports).
This work order is being set up in the ATES payroll system.  It will be 
available for this pay period.
I hope this change has not inconvenienced anyone.
,
Dave
The following work order has been set-up to track expenses related to the 
on-line project.  Travel expenses, other expenses, timesheets need to be 
coded to the appropriate cost category within this work order.
Company # 460   W.O. # E14911
,
Dave
Unfortunately, you have the wrong e-mail address for me.  My correct address 
is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com.
It's not clear to me which form you want - we have (i) an "Annex A" which we 
use like a general terms and conditions to attach to a one-off confirm (i.e. 
where there is no master agreement in place) and is sometimes called the 
"Omnibus" (because it's a single form for any type of commodity derivative 
which replaced a multitude of separate forms) or (ii) a "Schedule" which is 
attached to the ISDA form agreement to make it our version of the ISDA master 
which can then have a collateral support annex attached.  Just to make it a 
little more complicated, we also have our own form of master agreement which 
we use with less sophisticated counterparties and where we need to translate 
the document into another language (which we don't want to do with the ISDA  Just let me know which one you want & I'll have Tana e-mail it to you.  This 
stuff is all covered in Tana's short-course on ECT derivatives documentation 
- maybe you'd like to sit in on it when she comes over?
Scott Sefton
12/08/98 03:45 AM
I flubbed in my last message. I don't want the deemed ISDA, I want the full 
form Annex A. Thanks!
I'm headed to South America next week.  Any particular issues you think I 
need to be aware of or anything you want me to look into?
The proposed changes to the Risk Management Policy have been approved today 
as requested without amendement by the Board of Directors.
The changes can be implemented as of close of business today (8/10/99).  I 
will forward the revised policy to you asap.
Please let me know if there are others that you wish to inform of those 
changes.
FYI - the next Board meeting is to be held October 12th.  The deadline for 
submission of materials is Monday September 27th.
Thanks 
Ted
Cindy - I won't be able to make the 8/17 meeting.  I will be at the 8/25 
meeting.
The Monthly Audit Meeting will be held in two parts this month because of the 
number of issues on the agenda.  Please note the dates/times/locations below 
(the August 17 meeting is new; the August 25 meeting is the regularly 
scheduled meeting you should already have on your calendars).
Tuesday, August 17, 9 am - 10 am in EB 30C2
Wednesday, August 25, 9 am - 10 am in EB 32C1
Here is the North American legal issues list I prepared for Mark.  He 
actually called me down to ask for it yesterday (my first day back no less Obviously I've kept it to just the major areas where there might be residual 
legal risk.  He seemed satisfied enough with the format.  I explained that I 
had mentioned his request to you and that you were working on a European 
version which might turn out to be somewhat longer since you have so many 
jurisdictions to deal with.
The Online Trading IT people have sent us a revised version of the long 
descriptions and a document spelling out the "rules" for how they are put 
together.  Louise is asking for our final comments by close of business on 
next Wednesday (August 18th).  Since I will be out of town then, please 
forward your comments and/or approvals directly to Mark Dilworth.  Questions 
can be directed to Mark Dilworth, Marcello Romano or Louise Kitchen, all on 
the online trading team.
Mark Dilworth
08/12/99 12:25:19 PM
Mark, 
Attached are:
A word document detailing the 'rules' by which product long descriptions are 
structured. 
A spreadsheet containing a tab for each data attribute. 
The spreadsheet first page (LONGS) includes examples of the long descriptions 
for a product out of each product type group (Canadian Gas, NA Gas etc (these are in column V) - please note ANDY there are no definitions for Coal 
or Emissions locations. 
On each of the subsequent sheets are the long description sentences for each 
underlying data attribute that can contribute to a product (including one for 
each product type) for legal review. 
The product type long description sheet also indicates which GTCs are 
required. 
Please let me know if you have any queries - if I am not available Marcello 
is in the right time zone, and is familiar with all aspects of the procduct 
descriptions. 
Mark
Please note that my correct e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com 
I understand that there may be a few additional changes but these are the 
revisions from our meeting on Monday.
David Forster
08/10/99 08:49 PM
Attached are copies of the documents which have been revised in accordance 
with our meeting last Monday. Each document can be viewed in "native" or 
redline format to highlight the changes.
I'm not sure if outside counsel needs to see these, or just be told by inside 
counsel that the changes have been made - I'll leave it to you to forward in 
the morning if required.
The Help Guide contains a new Glossary of Terms, but we will be adding (and 
subtracting) to this tomorrow. We will send a revised glossary when complete.
Dave
Mark H. has asked me to let him know exactly what we will be sending out on 
9/13.  Would it be accurate to say it will be no more than a flashy brochure 
with the recently circulated content together with a blank password 
application all in a very exciting package of some kind?
Joao 
I'm making another business trip to Brazil - this time just to Sao Paolo I'll be there Tuesday to Thursday of this week.  Any chance you will be 
nearby?  I tried to arrange a meeting in Rio too but unfortunately our office 
there is quite small and the only people I need to see will be in Sao Paolo 
then.  I also still get to London every once in a while.  Let me know when 
you are there - maybe we can have dinner.
Mark
Dear Mr. Taylor,
I am in receipt of your email immediately below concerning your password
change.
Unfortunately, the information you provide in not sufficient enough for us
to retrieve your account in our database.  What I will need from you is the
subscribers full name, mailing address, account number if available, and
your userid.
Once the requested information is provided, I can then process your request.
Thank you for your patience and understanding, and I look forward to your
reply.
Sincerely,
Michael Singh
Subscriber Services
Institutional Investor Newsletters
Phone: (212) 224-3001
Fax: (212) 224-3491
Email: singhm@iinews.com
I have been unable to find on the web site the facility for changing
my
online password.  If I am just missing it, please let me know where
to
find the correct page.  Otherwise, can you please change my password
to
"swapland".  Thank you very much for your assistance.
Mark Taylor
Please Note - these are NOT ready to be uploaded to the system!  There are 
blanks for the weather agencies for the European deals - these are not 
referenced in the earlier UK drafts and I don't know who the appropriate 
agencies are.  I have not spelled out the data sources for the European 
transactions either.
Mark
Please e-mail these forms to Scott.
Scott Sefton
12/08/98 10:15 AM
I'd like the Omnibus and the short form of master. Thanks!
It's not clear to me which form you want - we have (i) an "Annex A" which we 
use like a general terms and conditions to attach to a one-off confirm (i.e. 
where there is no master agreement in place) and is sometimes called the 
"Omnibus" (because it's a single form for any type of commodity derivative 
which replaced a multitude of separate forms) or (ii) a "Schedule" which is 
attached to the ISDA form agreement to make it our version of the ISDA master 
which can then have a collateral support annex attached.  Just to make it a 
little more complicated, we also have our own form of master agreement which 
we use with less sophisticated counterparties and where we need to translate 
the document into another language (which we don't want to do with the ISDA  Just let me know which one you want & I'll have Tana e-mail it to you.  This 
stuff is all covered in Tana's short-course on ECT derivatives documentation 
- maybe you'd like to sit in on it when she comes over?
Scott Sefton
12/08/98 03:45 AM
I flubbed in my last message. I don't want the deemed ISDA, I want the full 
form Annex A. Thanks!
Mark -  Would you be available to sit down with me Monday morning (say 
beginning at 10:30) to go over the spreadsheet?  I have quite a few comments 
on the financial transaction items that I was able to understand and several 
questions on areas I haven't yet been able to decipher.  I am particularly 
concerned about the Weather Products generally and the Floating Prices for 
all financial products (the Index tab).  If you could let me or my assistant 
know so I can work out my calendar for the day I'd appreciate it (I've 
blocked out 2 hours but it might not take that long).  Unfortunately I'm 
leaving town mid-afternoon so I have to get these wrapped up.  I'm at x37459.
Thanks!
Mark
p.s. - It might make sense to have somebody from the Confirmation Desk come 
too - what do you think?
Here is the spreadsheet with my comments to date.
The letter looks fine to me  (one typo on the last page where the "O" in 
EnronOnline is not capitalized).
I have suggested that Mark Dilworth, one of the guys responsible for the web 
site development, schedule some time with each of you to discuss the latest 
Long Descriptions spreadsheet.  He can walk you through exactly how it works 
for your commodities so you can make informed comments.
The addition of Paris is news to me so we may have to make a few extra 
modifications I had not anticipated.  Once you get the info why don't you 
take a crack at making the necessary changes & let me know.  It may be pretty 
obvious but I think I can walk you through it on the phone if it's not.
Louise Kitchen
08/17/99 02:03 AM
Thanks
Michael Corbally
17/08/99 02:53
Louise,
In case you didn't get my voicemail we have been through the GTC's Everything is fine with the exception of some blanks to be filled in 
concerning some European meteorological reporting agences (equivalent of the 
UK Met Office and US NWS) and the data sources.
US is complete and as we have deals in UK and France this should be 
finalised with Mark's paralegal tomorrow.  On roll-out we only envisage US 
and UK cities, Paris and Oslo so we're only awaiting Norway info as a matter 
of urgency.  We're working Stewart Peter to get this info and the same for 
the other European cities for when they're added over time.
,
Mike.
Louise Kitchen
08/16/99 07:47 AM
I think Mark is leaving for South America today - can you two co-ordinate to 
get it done today.
Thanks Mike
Louise
Michael Corbally
16/08/99 13:44
Consider it done!  Will get back to Mark with comments before the end of the 
day.
Mike.
Who knows if this is true or not, but it is bizarre.
__________________________________________________________
Stick with this.....it's worth it!  This is the strangest thing I've ever
heard.  The series of events that had to have taken place in order for
this
to happen are astounding!  At the 1994 annual awards dinner given for
Forensic Science, AAFS president Dr. Don Harper Mills astounded his
audience
with the legal complications of a bizarre death:  On March 23, 1994, the
medical examiner viewed the body of Ronald Opus and concluded that he
died
from a shotgun wound to the head.  Mr. Opus had jumped from the top of a
ten-story building intending to commit suicide.  He left a note to that
effect indicating his despondency.  As he fell past the ninth floor his
life
was interrupted by a shotgun blast passing through a window which killed
him
instantly.  Neither the shooter nor the dead man was aware that a safety
net
had been installed just below at the eighth floor level to protect some
building workers and that Ronald Opus would not have been able to
complete
his suicide the way he planned.  "Ordinarily," Dr. Mills continued, "A
person who sets out to commit suicide and ultimately succeeds even though
the mechanism might not be what he intended" is still defined as
committing
suicide.  That Mr. Opus was shot during what would apparently have been
an
unsuccessful suicide attempt because of the safety net, caused the
medical
examiner to feel that he had a homicide on his hands.  The room on the
ninth
floor where the shotgun blast emanated was occupied by an elderly man and
his wife.  They were arguing vigorously, and he was threatening her with
a
shotgun.  The man was so upset when he pulled the trigger that he
completely
missed his wife and the pellets went through the window striking Mr. Opus
as
he passed by outside.  When someone, intending to kill person "A," kills
person "B" instead; someone is still guilty of murder.  When confronted
with
a murder charge the old man and his wife were both adamant; they both
said
they thought the shotgun was unloaded.  The old man said it was his
long-standing habit to threaten his wife with the unloaded shotgun.  He
had
no intention to murder her.  Therefore, the killing of Mr. Opus appeared
to
be an accident; that is, the gun had been accidentally loaded.  The
continuing investigation turned up a witness who saw the old couple's son
loading the shotgun about six weeks prior to the fatal accident.  It
transpired that the old lady had cut off her son's financial support and
the
son, knowing the propensity of his father to use the shotgun
threateningly,
loaded the gun with the expectation that his father would shoot his
mother.
The case now reverts back to one of murder on the part of the son.  Now
comes the final twist!  Further investigation revealed that the couple's
son
was in fact, Ronald Opus.  He had become increasingly despondent over his
failed attempt to engineer his mother's murder.  This led him to jump off
the ten-story building on March 23rd, only to be killed by the shotgun
blast
passing through the ninth floor window.  The son had actually murdered
himself so the medical examiner closed the case and declared it a
suicide.
I won't be able to attend the forum since I am travelling but do have a 
suggestion that would make TAP a bit more attractive.  When a traveller is 
placed on a "wait list" the agency should check back with the provider 
regularly and often to see if the wait can be cleared.  If you wait for the 
provider to get back to you, as appears to be TAP's policy, the chances are 
significantly reduced since the provider will almost invariably clear the 
person on the phone before anyone on the list.  Other agents have done this 
for me, I have done this for myself, and it works.
Tana - please send a copy of the Stikeman memo to Peter Keohane.
Thanks!
Mark
Sorry Paige - I was in South America last week - will respond today.
Sorry for not getting back to you sooner (I was out of town last weeek unfortunately, I have a 2:00 already on my calendar but am available later If you want to meet with Alan & Jeff first and see me afterwards, that's ok 
with me.
Tara Sweitzer
08/19/99 01:22 PM
Torrey, and myself would like to set-up a time for Monday to discuss a few 
EOL issues that we feel pertinent to the Legal Department. If you could let 
me know if  the afternoon ( 2:00) works for you I would greatly appreciate 
it. Once I hear from you I will set-up a room for us all to meet. 
Thank you for your time, TARA SWEITZER
Any idea what database he's talking about?
Paul Simons
12/09/98 03:40 AM
Brynjar
It was good seeing you on home ground the other day.
This is just a brief note to remind you of ECT Legal Department's policy 
regarding trading documents.
As you know, all trading documents must be approved by Legal before they can 
be used.  We maintain on a database in London all approved forms of trading 
documents and this database needs to be promptly up-dated as new market 
documents surface.
As our "first line of defence" it is very likely that you will encounter new 
trading forms before anyone else in the organisation. I would therefore ask 
you please to send to Martin Rosell any non-approved form of trading document 
(whether in the form of a broker confirm, an amendment to the NPTA Terms etc) 
as soon as you receive it. This will enable Martin to implement the approval 
process as quickly as possible.
Many thanks, as always, for your help.
Paul
Any objection to having David Gilberg fill in for me on this?
Awais Omar
08/20/99 05:15 AM
All,
please review the timetable detailed below for the delivery and final reviews 
of the commercial and Help Guide.
Important dates:-
Monday 23rd August have to review the screen shots to be used in the Help 
Guide.
Weekend beginnning Friday 27th August we will have a full commercial to 
review complete with navigation and all modules and segments.  We have to 
review this during that weekend and provide comments by COB Monday 30th on 
this so it is ready for delivery to us by Thursday 2nd September.
We get Beta Help Guide to do our UAT on.  To provide comments back on Monday 
6th September to Agency.  So this weekend is again very importatnt to review 
the Help Guide completely.
Justin, Mark
I will let you know of the site etc for the commercial and Help Guide can 
you please ensure you schedule time to at least review the commercial which 
you have not seen before during the times detailed above.
Let me know if you have any comments on the timetable ASAP so I can get back 
to Agency today re any amendments.
Thanks
Awais
Hi Awais,
Per our discussion yesterday, following is the schedule for testing:
Commercial
Final review on Friday, 27 August
Final comments to Agency Monday, 30 August COB
Delivery to  Enron Thursday, 2 September
Help Guide
Rough screen shot review Monday Monday, 23 August
Beta site to Enron to test Thursday, 2 September
Beta site to Dallas for integration Thursday, 2 September
Comments to Agency Monday 6 September 9 a.m.
Delivery to Dallas for final integration Thursday, 9 September
Please let me know if you foresee any scheduling conflicts. Will
follow-up next week with instructions and url for bug tracker.
Cheers,
Lisa
I'll be on vacation then - see you in September!
I see what you mean, and I can't explain the bcc - unfortunately, unless they 
use "mtaylo1@ect.enron.com" it doesn't get here.  It must just disappear into 
cyberspace.  Thanks for continuing to send them on.
Mark
Please note that my e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com.  If you use 
mtaylor it goes to someone else and may or may not get forwarded to me later.
Paige - I can be more argumentative here but if it's not going to make any 
difference in the outcome, I don't really see the point.  Let me know if you 
disagree.
While a commodity forward contract which contains an asymmetrical default 
provision clearly does not have the characteristic of net settlement, we do 
not believe that Statement 133 is appropriately applied to any contract which 
requires the making and taking of delivery of a physical commodity absent a 
default, regardless of whether the default results in a termination payment 
which may be payable to the defaulting party.  An event of default and 
resulting termination of a commodity contract can have far reaching negative 
implications for the defaulting party well beyond the terms of the contract 
itself (e.g. damage to reputation and credit, triggering of cross-defaults, 
etc 
Attached please find a copy of some of the current open issues that must be 
resolved prior to printing the Offering Memorandum.
I'm almost certain you continue to receive these without my forwarding them 
to you.  They show up to me as a bcc:, however I believe they also get to you 
under "mtaylor@ect.enron.com".  I don't know why it would come to me as a 
bcc.  It must have something to do with your ect address.
Mitch
Attached please find a copy of the Offering Memorandum for Project Tornado, 
marked to show changes from the previously distributed version.  I have also 
included a clean copy for your convenience.
This is an interim draft, but in the interest of keeping to the timetable we 
wanted to distribute it tonight.
Please fax any comments to (212) 451-7679.
If you have any questions please call me at (212) 735-3152.
Mark - It looks like the new version (that I received from Andrew last week) 
does not contain the comments I had already made.  Have those been lost 
somewhere?
Marie - would you please check with Credit and see if you can help with this 
issue.
Thanks,
Mark
Barbara N Gray
08/24/99 12:32 PM
Robert C Williams@_DEVELOPMENT
08/24/99 10:06 AM
Can you find out if we're about to do a deal or are currently doing a deal 
with Owens-Corning?  We are in litigation with them in Brazil.  Thanks.
The October days are fine with me.  I will be out that week in November so 
I'd appreciate it if you could coordinate with Sara and Shari to make sure 
we'll have adequate coverage.
Carol St Clair
08/24/99 10:09 AM
Mark:
With you permission, I would like to take the following vacation days which 
should use up most of my remaining time:
October 1 - 1/2 day
October 15 - 1/2 day
November 22,23 24
Carol
I've been through both documents and can not find my comments.  I wonder if 
there is a later draft somewhere?
Janet H Moore
08/24/99 02:32 PM
There will be meetings in Houston at Enron to discuss the new draft of the 
Offering Memo and the To Do Checklist as follows:
1.  Wednesday, August 25th, 2pm-7pm, in EB2868; and
2.  Thursday, August 26th, 8AM-10:30AM in EB 27c1, and continuing after 
10:30AM in EB2868.
The Wednesday afternoon meeting is the MOST CRITICAL because Larry, John 
Osborne of Skadden, and a few others are only available to meet on Wednesday. 
Please make every effort to attend.  In addition, please review prior to the 
meeting not only the revised OM, but also the checklist, a revised version of 
which will be distributed later today to include Bob Baird's and my addition 
thoughts.
For those flying in from NYC, when you reach the Enron Building, please have 
Enron Security call Larry's assistant, Kim Zachery, at 853-1971, who will 
meet you on the 28th floor.  In her absence, please have Security contact my 
assistant, Chaundra Woods, at 345-7621. 
Here is the spreadsheet with my comments to date.
Here are some comments (in italics) on the open issues list.
Attached please find a copy of some of the current open issues that must be 
resolved prior to printing the Offering Memorandum.
- THINGS.DOC - THINGS.DOC
Michael Corbally
08/25/99 08:54 AM
Mark,
In layman terms is there anything I need to be concerned about re the 
inclusion of the tax language?
Mike.
Louise Kitchen
08/24/99 06:49 PM
We have agreed (subject to Mike's agreement) to put in the tax language in 
the contract for all weather ones - as we haven't loaded them yet.
L
- HDD Swap (credit) Version 3.doc
Yes but gtc's not confirmed as complete set and long descriptions not yet 
reviewed.
David Forster
08/25/99 03:06 PM
Mark,
Before we say "Auf Wiedersehen", I wanted to catch up on some housekeeping.
Could you please confirm that you have now signed off on each of the 
following items for NA:
- NA GTC's
- NA ETA
- NA PA
- Brochure contents (including letters)
- Website Contents (including help and FAQ's)
- General legal relationship and structure of the website and the contracts.
- Long and Short descriptions 
Thanks,
Dave
Mike 
In a word - no.  We'll add it in and you don't need to worry.
Mark
Michael Corbally
08/25/99 08:54 AM
Mark,
In layman terms is there anything I need to be concerned about re the 
inclusion of the tax language?
Mike.
Louise Kitchen
08/24/99 06:49 PM
We have agreed (subject to Mike's agreement) to put in the tax language in 
the contract for all weather ones - as we haven't loaded them yet.
L
- HDD Swap (credit) Version 3.doc
Could you please send Tana the list of countries from which online trading of 
derivatives with ECT is permissible.  She is trying to complete the 
Counterparty spreadsheet for Louise.
Thanks!
Mark
Looks good to me.
Bob Bowen
08/25/99 12:01 PM
I reviewed the ECT confirmation templates today and found that a reference is 
made to a telephone conversation on most of the templates for transactions 
under a ECT Master Agreement. 
The offending sentence is as follows:
"This is a confirmation of the following Transaction entered into with you 
pursuant to a telephone conversation on  
I would like to change it to read as follows, with your approval:
"This is a confirmation of the following Transaction entered into between us 
on This change will allow the current templates to handle both telephone and 
internet trading.
Please advise.
Per our meeting, attached are the revised drafts of the weather GTC's 
incorporating the tax language and completing the  Reporting Service, 
Reporting Agency and Data Source information.
Do you want to set up a time to meet tomorrow?  How does 10 a.m. look for 
you?
I haven't received anything yet - and have a meeting I have to go to now I'll check back in an hour or so.
Fiona 
Welcome to the Legal Dept.!  I think Taffy was coordinating with you 
regarding my dinner with Mark this week,  Unfortunately, my trip was canceled 
at the very last minute this afternoon.  Mark is already aware of the change 
but he may now have an open slot for dinner on Wed 
I'm sorry I won't be able to meet you this week but will look forward to it 
on my next trip over.
Mark
Fiona Lavelle
09/08/99 09:05 AM
Hello Mark
Just to let you know, I have replaced Meagan, she has moved on to another 
department.
Mark would like to meet you for dinner on either Monday or Wednesday night 
next week.
I am doing his itenerary and would appreciate it if you could e-mail me and 
let me know what suits you.  I am of course assuming that you will be in 
London next week.
Thanks
Fiona
I'm in EB3889.
Mark Dilworth
09/13/99 06:15 PM
great - what's your office?
m
Do you want to set up a time to meet tomorrow?  How does 10 a.m. look for you?
Hey Dave!
Thanks for your note.  Believe it or not, it actually is "good to be back And thanks to Louise's timely intervention, I actually get to stay in Houston 
this week instead of coming over to London for the ISDA meetings.
We discussed the need to have the lawyers review the long descriptions 
yesterday and Mark Dilworth is checking on whether or not all the lawyers 
actually have access to the necessary programs on their machines.  He and I 
are meeting later this morning to talk about several of the items in your 
note and we have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow morning to show all the 
lawyers involved how to use the system to review the long descriptions.
The other topics I had on my list to keep moving this week are the matching 
of GTC's with products and continued progress on the Counterparty spreadsheet.
Harry Collins is the emissions guy.  I'm assuming he'll be part of this 
process tomorrow and I'll ask him to take a close look at the long 
descriptions and how the mesh with the GTC's.
Finally, I agree with you on the GTC variables issue.  My plan is to ask the 
lawyers involved to focus on this as they review the long descriptions for 
which they are responsible.  With me here to answer questions that may result 
in more progress but I'm still not convinced that's enough.  I hope to be 
able to spend some of my own time looking at these as you have over the last 
couple of weeks but realistically I don't think that will happen very soon Maybe you can help me prioritize:  should I look first at areas with 
predicted high volume or areas where we have the least confidence in the 
quality of work to date?
Talk to you soon.
Mark
David Forster
09/14/99 07:06 AM
Mark,
Welcome back!
I am wondering if you could lend a hand on a few areas on the legal side of 
EnronOnline:
1) GTC Cross reference (see prior email)
2) Product Long Descriptions - these are now available in the same format as 
the customer will see - i.e. all put together by the system, as opposed to 
individual sentences in a spreadsheet. The traders should have set up all of 
the products which were required for the simulation (I haven't confirmed 
this). These products would be a good place to start and should provide a 
representative sample for the lawyers to look at. There are a few changes 
coming, as requested by Louise Hansen, Stacy Dickson and Janice Moore which I 
have not yet incorporated (but hope to within the next 2 days or so otherwise, the other products should be OK as they contain text derived from 
the spreadsheets which the lawyers have approved.
It would be helpful if you could organize for each of the lawyers to access 
the Product Manager, so they can see the long descriptions for the Products. 
Someone in the Product Control Group should be able to show you how to access 
the long descriptions in the Product Manager 
3) Emissions - Are you the emissions guy? I haven't actually discussed these 
with anyone - not sure if the lawyer list I have includes the person who 
should be looking after this?
Mark Taylor
Leslie Hansen
Jeff Hodge
Janice Moore
Alan Aronowitz
Harry Collins
Stacy Dickson 
4) I still do not have a warm and fuzzy feeling that the GTC variables have 
been properly cross-referenced to the spreadsheets, and that the two work 
together to form a cohesive whole. I might just be paranoid, but I think this 
area needs closer examination. Perhaps you could spot-check a couple of GTC's 
against the products and see what you think?
Thanks for your help
Dave
Thanks for the itinerary.  Please note that my e-mail address begins with 
mtaylo1, not mtaylor (which goes to Mitch Taylor).
Please note that Mark Dilworth's demonstration scheduled for tomorrow morning 
(11:00 EB2601a) will not be of the entire EnronOnline system but will focus 
on the portion of the system that builds the long descriptions.  The system 
now builds the entire long description from the various elements - most of 
which we have already reviewed - and displays them as they will be viewed by 
counterparties online.  It is particularly important that the lawyers 
responsible for the long descriptions and the GTC's attend so that we can 
complete the review process.  If you can not attend, please let me know so we 
can set up a time for Mark to show you how to access the system.
Thanks,
Mark
Dave:
One item that was left open after my meeting with Mark D. this morning was 
what the Index should look like and how much input we have had from the 
confirm desk.  My inclination was that the index should be the same language 
that we currently use in the confirmation on the theory that the GTC taken 
together with the long description should result in a complete, unambiguous 
contract.  Mark felt that the index should provide a more complete 
description than the short description abbreviation but that the full legal 
text could wait for the paper confirm.
Given Mark's view as to how this field should be dealt with, it may be that 
the confirm desk has in fact looked at all of these and said they look fine 
as far as they go and has not attempted to correct them with the full legal 
language.
Mark said he would be contacting you himself but I thought it might make 
sense to give you my version as well.
What are your thoughts?  If you'd like to discuss, I will be in by 9:00 
tomorrow but have a meeting at 10 and then the meeting with all of the 
lawyers and Mark to discuss the further long description review at 11 
Mark
It may be that you don't need to be there at all.  This relates to the online 
trading system that is being built and the legal review of various pieces of 
the system.  If you haven't been involved yet, it probably means that 
somebody else (maybe Wayne, Harry or Janice?) is responsible for the 
commodities you handle.  The project is only confidential in that we're 
trying to minimize information outside of Enron about it.  There's no problem 
talking about it internally.  You're certainly welcome to attend if you want 
to find out more about it, but if somebody else in your group is already 
covering things, you don't need to worry about it.
Mark
Barton Clark
09/14/99 03:12 PM
I have a meeting at 10:00 am that could interfere with the presentation, but 
I won't know for sure until I see how long the meeting lasts. It has been 
difficult to schedule and the originators are very anxious that it take 
place, so I don't think I can cancel it. I confess I don't understand what 
the presentation is about, and your message did not make sense to me. Perhaps 
because I have not been involved in trading transactions. Can you give me a 
clue without breaching the confidential nature of the project/demonstration?
Dave - could you please give me a call about this - I think it would be 
easier to explain over the phone.  I have an interview scheduled at 9:30 but 
am at your disposal after that.
Mark
David Forster
09/16/99 02:16 AM
Tana,
State of incorporation has been captured for a large number of the 
counterparties and has been used as the basis for the determination of 
financial trading status by our tax group.
If we are going to prevent a utility/gov/pension fund from trading financial 
products because of state law and we have state of incorporation, we should 
ensure that the entity we are barring is at least in the same state as the 
law in question.
If this has not been the case, one way to update the information would be to 
list the states which have restrictive legislation and then apply the list to 
the companies for which we have state of incorporation information. An Excel 
Vlookup would accomplish this quite quickly. This is not perfect, but would 
at least ensure that utilities in states without the legislation are not 
barred - although I recognize it might bar some companies in states where the 
legislation may be so specific as not to preclude the trading of financial 
products for some utilities under certain circumstances.
Frank: Could you please forward an updated list of state of incorporation 
information to Tana?
One last point (thanks, Bob): If a particular state has restrictive 
legislation, is it our obligation to prevent the utility from trading 
financial products, or does the obligation rest with the utility? i.e. is 
there any reason for us to be barring them, or can we simply give them the 
ability to transact financial products with EnronOnline and rely on their 
internal controls? If we don't have any legal obligation to police, I'm 
reluctant to do anything which would imply we are assuming this 
responsibility.
Mark: Can you comment on this last point?
Thanks,
Dave
Our review of the counterparty list is not considering, for the most part, 
state of incorporation.  The biggest consideration with derivatives is the 
country of incorporation (and additionally, the country(ies) in which trading 
will take place).  For the bulk of our swap counterparties, i.e. energy 
companies, state law currently isn't an in issue on approval of swap 
trading.  It is more of an issues with governmentals, utilities, insurance 
companies, pension funds and the like, and we do not capture that information 
until we are in active neogtiation with a counterparty.  With utilities, you 
cannot make a general assumption that any particular state law that applies 
to one utility will apply to another.  Each utility need to be looked at 
individually to see which state or federal law may apply to that counterparty.
The bulk of you customer list is not financial counterparties we are in 
active negotiation with, so we are not capturing state of incorporation.  I 
know the Global Contracts Group has been trying to capture that information You may want to talk to Mary Gosnell.
Just a 'heads up' - there is now no doubt that there will need to be some 
major revisions to the index language.  I am meeting with some of the folks 
from the confirm desks this afternoon to get them started on a further 
review.  Can you please arrange to have the following people given access to 
the Product Manager:
Jeff Sorenson
Dale Neuner
Bob Bowen
Lynn Shivers
Kevin Sweeney
David Forster
09/21/99 07:52 PM
Language as discussed.
Please review and respond as to whether or not you want to adopt something 
similar for US products.
Thanks,
Dave
Justin Boyd
06/09/99 21:00
Dave and Romano,
Here's the language we drafted.  I've put it in a word document because the 
financial option text doesn't fit into the PAI box. As you can see the 
financial option was a bit trickier than the physical options!
Edmund (and Justin).
Hey guy - Ted's going swimming & can be there a little after after 8:30 I'll be at the gym until 8.  Any chance that would fit into your schedule?
FYI
Robert Quick
09/22/99 07:27 AM
The Netherlands power origination team have concluded the first of the 
so-called transmission deals with the above counterparty. This is a sale and 
buy back structure whereby Enron sells on a border basis to a Dutch 
distribution company who then sells back to Enron a proportion of the power 
on a free on Koppelnet basis. The Koppelnet is the Dutch grid.
The deals are designed to secure as much cross border capacity to take 
advantage of the still significant arbitrage between power prices within the 
Netherlands and those outside. At the moment the grid operator, TenneT, 
allocates transmission capacity on a pro rata basis without charge. This has 
led to significant gaming of the system with huge oversubscription for cross 
border capacity, and the structure we have developed in Enron has been 
designed to take advantage of the system and still stay within the rules laid 
down by TenneT and the regulator, the DTe. Should anyone like to have a copy 
of the 2 transaction agreements, then pls call me. 
We are in negotaitions with other distribution companies in relation to this 
structure.
tks 
Here's my revised version - let me know what you think.
Taffy Milligan
09/22/99 04:53 PM
Mark 
Attached, per your request, is Revised Gas Option Language
Frank - I think Harry Collins is tracking this down.  If it isn't settled to 
your satisfaction by Thursday, please let me know.
Mark
Frank L Davis
09/20/99 04:23 PM
Mark,
I notice that we have GTC's for EGLI Liquids(without collateral) and ELFI 
Crude-Products-Petchems (without collateral), but we do not have GTC's for 
EGLI Liquids (with collateral) or ELFI Crude-Products-Petchems (with 
collateral).   Is this correct? 
Please let me know your thoughts.
Thanks!
Frank
x37235
FYI
Anita Fam
09/20/99 06:37 AM
All -
I'll be on leave from this coming Thursday 23 September through to next 
Friday 1 October.  Matthias Lee will be providing all the legal support for 
all the physical and financial trading matters and general Singapore-office 
related matters during my absence.  However, you may call me on my handphone 
(tel: 9670-4134) should you need to reach me urgently.
Thanks,
Anita
I'll be there.
Suzanne Adams
09/17/99 04:15 PM
The above-referenced meeting is still scheduled for Friday, October 1, 1999, 
but the time has changed.  In order for the people in London to participate, 
we have moved the start time to 11:00 a.m., and the meeting will be held in 
EB30C1.  Lunch will be served.
Please let me know via email if you will attend, so we'll have an accurate 
headcount. 
Anita Fam
09/06/99 09:36 PM
All -
Just to let you know, a new attorney has joined 'Lonesome Ole Me' here in 
Singapore as of yesterday.  His name is Matthias Lee and he will be providing 
the support for the physical and financial trading side of things here in 
Singapore as well as any general support which the folks here in Singapore 
may require if they pertain to Singapore law issues 
For your info, Matt will be reporting to Alan Aronowitz.
Thanks,
Anita
Thanks for your note 
If you are still trying to decide about shore excursions, I was just 
remembering my trip and have the following observations:
I found the volcano on the Big Island to be marginally interesting, not 
particularly pretty, and from where I was staying (Kona), a very long day.
Kauai was very beautiful - the Na Pali coast is particularly spectacular 
(that coast and the nearby beaches are where South Pacific was filmed) but it 
is quite rugged and nearly inaccessible as I remember it except on foot or by 
boat.  I would highly recommend seeing it by boat if that option is 
available, otherwise, you can just drive up to the end of the road and get a 
pretty good view.  There is also a river boat trip I didn't get to take so I 
can't recommend it - it was popular with visitors.
I didn't make it to Maui but I've always thought it would be fun to go to the 
top of the mountain to watch the sunrise (in a car or bus) and then ride down 
the hill on a bicycle 
There was a bay near Honolulu on Oahu (near Diamond Head) where I did my 
first-ever snorkeling.  It was very popular (crowded) but a lot of fun and 
while there were plenty of fish to see the reef itself was pretty dead (not a 
lot of pretty coral).
I found the web site for the dolphin lab where I worked but a quick look 
didn't indicate they have a visitors center.  You might call them when you 
are there if you have the extra time and want to go  
As far as your clothes are concerned, since you won't have to carry them 
yourselves, why not  take them all!
Have a great trip!
Love, Mark
The language works for me as long as the long description describes 
multi-month options as a series of multiple options.
David Forster
09/23/99 04:24 PM
Mark,
the only physical option in the U.S. at the moment is emissions. Are you 
happy to amend the emissions language in a manner similar to what Justin and 
Edmund proposed for UK gas physical options?
Dave
Here's my revised version - let me know what you think.
Taffy Milligan
09/22/99 04:53 PM
Mark 
Attached, per your request, is Revised Gas Option Language
test message
I tried.
I have had cats all my life and NEVER had this problem!!
Will think on it as no immediate solution - perhaps some sort of net
tied under the lowest branches....but if she is clever she will probably try
to jump onto it at its outside edges              AT least there is one other member of the family who definitely
is having a merry Christmas!
From all of us at Ticonderoga Farms.
Any suggestions on how to discourage the cat from climbing up inside the
Christmas tree?  Of course, we put the wooden and plastic ornaments on
the lower branches so they won't be damaged when the cat plays with them
but when she climbs up inside the tree the upper branches wave about and
I'm afraid the glass ornaments up there will be shaken off.