Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of. The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed. In the event that this deal does not close, then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have 
Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk... plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals. 
In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book ( by Mark Whitt ) and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly.
I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone..
Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call.
BT 
Let's talk it through.
What kind of CIG pricing can a PRB producer get for selling gas in the Powder if you were to buy gas at Deadhorse and Glenrock?
Thanks,
Paul
Please review and share your comments and concerns.
Mark,  Attached are the latest.
Theresa Staab and I would like to come to Houston on Monday and spend some time with you and Jason on Tuesday.  We need to discuss some specifics on the purchase proposal such as how you want each netback to be determined, logistics and documentation.
Let me know what time would work for you on Tuesday.  We probably need a fair amount of time.
Tyrell and I are working on a monetization structure for your gathering system.  Can you tell me if the Oil and Gas Division was able to keep the gains associated with the rollout of the hedges?  We think we might have a structure worth looking at.
P.S. Dan and I would like to call you on Friday in   to the Ft Union capacity.  Some time in the afternoon.
Please find the attached.
Brian, After talking to our legal department it seems that in order to effectuate the wellhead purchase we will need assignment of the Williams contract instead of being agent.  This is important because we will have title to the gas at Durango.  Therefore we need to have the contract assigned to us.  Can you talk to Williams ASAP and see if that is a problem?
Thanks
Mark
Based on last night's mids, it looks like our mini book valuation/reconciliation is pretty tight.
Phil
please add tbutt@pioneeroil-co.com
Please find the attached Firm Contract
At Gerald's request, I am forwarding a Sample Master Agreement.  As you may know, we currently have a GISB in place with Platte River. 
dp
Debra Perlingiere
That is cool.
Now here is fine one!
Paul, 
Thanks for writing, This is definitely a source for amusement. I too have been playing with this for a short time (about a week). I don't use my computer that often in my work, so I'm kind of new at this stuff. I don't even know how to put my picture in my profile. 
Sometimes I think I moved to the sleepiest town in Colorado. Everytime I tell someone where I live they say "Superior? Where's That My favorite Italian Restaurant is in Broomfield, Original Pizza on Midway. Have you been there? 
Yeah lets meet. A drive around the city sounds great and a drink always  helps. 
Wait, How do I know your not the freakish type that might try and take advantage of me. After all, you know this city better than I do. Humm, This Could be Trouble. 
Why don't you give me a call and I can try to size you up on the phone. 
Home # 303-543-1108   Cell# 720-313-4857 
Talk to ya soon 
Anne. 
IMPORTANT TIPS TO REMAIN ANONYMOUS AT Love@AOL by Match.com: 
If you use the "reply" button to respond to this message, please take the following steps:
1.  DELETE ALL TEXT from the body of your message, including header information which may include your actual email address.
2.  REMOVE ANY AUTOMATIC SIGNATURES which may include your personal contact information.
You may also contact this person from their Love@AOL by Match.com profile by clicking "Contact this person" and composing your message directly from the site. 
Love@AOL by Match.com does not monitor private email between members, nor are we liable for the content of these messages. All members are bound by our Love@AOL by Match.com Service Agreement. 
Please find the attached draft version of our proposed gas supply structure.  We have focused on minimizing your fixed charges while still giving you the right to call on up to 30,000 mmbtu/d of Firm Cheyenne supplies.  In addition, Enron will manage your transportation and imbalances associated with your PSCO transportation contracts.  Obviously we will need to see those contracts prior to finalizing this transaction in order to assure we can meet those obligations.  In addition, I am sure we will need to "tweak" this proposal to meet you physical requirements (volumes, terms etc.)  Please give me a call once you have had a chance to review the attached.
Mark Whitt
303-575-6473
Mark--here's the article that I mentioned this morning.  Interesting stuff on the long term power contracts
FYI.  Appears that the two sides may be crawling toward renegotiation. 
Best, 
Jeff 
Battle lines drawn over long-term power deals 
SD Union Tribune, 10.07.01 
In a perverse sign that normalcy is returning, the state's power crisis roared back to life last week with the California Public Utilities Commission as the focus. 
This time the state utilities commission pulled off a feat few could have anticipated, even from a long-running crisis that has caused blackouts and soaring electricity costs. 
In a span of three hours last week, the five-member panel went from being applauded by consumer groups and blasted by industry interests to being vilified by consumer advocates and applauded by business. 
Consumer advocates celebrated when the PUC refused to rubber stamp state-negotiated long-term power contracts, a move the governor said stalled the $12.5 billion bond offering needed to cover past power purchases. 
But business leaders and the governor cheered the PUC for approving a $3.3 billion rescue of Southern California Edison, which consumer advocates criticized as an unauthorized bailout. 
As massive as the Edison deal is, it may be less likely to affect customers of SDG&E than the second reality that emerged last week: Despite the PUC action on the contracts, Californians still face the burden of paying more than $40 billion over the next two decades for overpriced and possibly unneeded electricity. 
Or maybe not. 
While electricity providers continue to defend the long-term power contracts as fair and key to resolving the state's electricity crisis, consumer groups and others have launched a major offensive to get the contracts revised, renegotiated or canceled. 
Critics argue that the deals were negotiated while the state's economy was reeling, blackouts were striking and federal regulators were insisting that the state had to tie up the bulk of its electricity needs through long-term deals. 
Duress alleged 
Consumer advocates say the long-term contracts bind California to power purchases at more than double current market prices and force the state to buy power it does not need. 
"We should not be stuck with these agreements because conditions have changed so dramatically," said Bill Ahern, a senior analyst with Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports magazine. "We did these agreements under duress, and it is better for the generators and us to negotiate what all believe is a good deal 
Ahern also said an investigation of possible conflicts of interest for at least one member of the state team that negotiated the contracts could lead to their invalidation. 
Michael Shames, executive director of the Utility Consumers' Action Network in San Diego, notes that much of the power to be delivered under the agreements will come from new plants yet to be built in California. 
"The state has the ability through the siting process to modify those contracts," Shames said. The motivation to do so could grow soon, he added. 
"Especially in an election year, the question will be whether elected officials and the public will tolerate the (cost) of these contracts," Shames said. 
Shames noted that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission pressed California to lock up much of its power under long-term contracts, because it argued that excessive reliance on short-term purchases was a major contributor to the power crisis. 
Now it appears the cost of that solution could exceed the cost of the short-term crisis, Shames said. 
Beyond the growing political pressure, San Diego attorney Michael Aguirre is arguing in appellate court that Gov. Gray Davis overstepped his legal authority by declaring an emergency and signing the long-term agreements in the first place. 
He says California's electricity deals violate state law regarding purchasing practices. 
"To circumvent that law by calling it an emergency does not pass legal muster," said Aguirre, who is suing electricity providers for overcharging. "There were other means to manage the emergency 
The PUC also says the state locked itself into too much power for too long a period. 
"First and foremost, we should try to renegotiate, try to get shorter terms," said Gary Cohen, general counsel for the PUC.
Willingness to deal 
At least two major suppliers have indicated a willingness to discuss the matter, Cohen said. The PUC also will continue to press for changes to the agreements with FERC. 
The federal commission regulates wholesale power markets and is legally mandated to ensure prices are "just and reasonable." FERC is considering refunds for prices paid by California in spot power markets during the crisis. 
Cohen argues that if spot prices are subject to refunds, long-term contracts should be subject to similar relief. The PUC has made several filings pressing this point, but has received no response from FERC. 
For his part, the governor declines to call for renegotiation of the contracts. 
"In order to renegotiate we would have to have the generator come to us, and they have not done so," said Steve Maviglio, the governor's spokesman. "We would be pleased to sit down and renegotiate. But we have not been approached by anyone 
Some experts believe Davis wants to break the contracts more than he is willing to say, but he must maintain credibility with the providers with whom he signed agreements. The same people speculate that the governor, who blasted the PUC last week for failing to help implement the agreements, may have privately welcomed the commission's action as a step toward revising the agreements. 
Power providers, meanwhile, continue to support the agreements. 
"The contracts are good for the state and helped stabilize the market," said William Highlander, director of public relations for Calpine Corp. 
The San Jose company is the largest provider under the controversial agreements, with some $13 billion in contracts. Calpine hopes to provide much of that power from new plants it is building within California. 
Sempra says contract fair 
The company has not been approached by the state to revise its agreements, said Highlander, and he declined to say how Calpine would respond to such an overture. 
San Diego-based Sempra Energy, another major provider under the agreements, also insists its contracts provide power at fair rates to the state. 
Michael Niggli, president of Sempra Energy Resources, said his company will provide power for about 4 to 5 cents per kilowatt hour, based upon current natural gas prices. 
"It's pretty tough to say, 'Let's renegotiate the lowest price contract,' " Niggli said. 
But V. John White, director of the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies, said Sempra's contract and others lock the state into power that consumers are unlikely to need, and too much of the electricity comes from non-renewable sources. 
White says state consumers are being held hostage by some unnecessary posturing. 
"There are indications from several generators that a call to renegotiate would be responded to," White said. "The generators say nobody asked us. The governor says nobody has volunteered. 
"But the opportunity is there at this moment to renegotiate. Why don't we ask  State authority buying more power for 2002 
Critics say it's too costly, perhaps unnecessary and may be sold off later at a loss 
OC Register, 10.07.01 
SACRAMENTO -- California's new power agency is rushing to buy more electricity for next summer, even as the state has come under fire for buying too much costly power and then having to sell it at bargain prices. 
Moreover, another state agency says the state will have enough power - because of existing contracts and conservation - to get through the hottest of summers next year. 
The new power purchases, which are being negotiated by the California Public Power and Financing Authority, could add as much as 3,000 megawatts of power to California - enough for about 2.3 million homes - by June. That would be in addition to the existing $43 billion in long-term agreements the state has already inked with power generators. 
Many observers - even those supportive of the power authority's goal to increase cleaner, alternative energy sources in the state - are balking at the agency's rapid pace, saying consumers will end up paying more in the long run. 
"We're dumping power and (authority Chairman) David Freeman is buying more power. What's up with that? It's absolutely ludicrous,'' said Harry Snyder, executive director of Consumers' Union, which publishes Consumer Reports. 
A draft report by the California Energy Commission shows the state already has plenty of power for next year. 
Without the extra power being negotiated by the power authority, even in a very hot summer, the state would have about 6,000 extra megawatts during peak periods, when it needs 63,800 megawatts, about a 9 percent cushion. That is if all power plants came online as expected and residents continued to conserve as they are. 
In a normal summer, such as this year's, the state would have 10,000 extra megawatts above the average 59,000 megawatts it needs, roughly a 17 percent surplus. 
Power authority officials counter that those surplus figures are estimates that depend on people conserving at the rate they did this summer. "The more we own of our own supply, the more we can control the market,'' said state Treasurer Phil Angelides, an authority board member. 
Said Freeman: "We are thinking our way through what we should do for next summer. That why we get paid the big bucks New contracts would increase 'green' power 
In addition, at least one-third of the new energy the power authority is trying to buy - 1,000 megawatts - would come from solar, wind and other renewable energy providers, officials said. 
Such generators were left out when the state signed its initial round of contracts. Bringing on 1,000 more megawatts would increase the portion of the state's energy derived from renewable resources to 13 percent. The long-term goal is 17 percent. 
The remaining power purchased under the new contracts, perhaps 2,000 megawatts, would be from so-called "peaker'' plants - less efficient jet-engine-like generators that are turned on only during emergency shortages. 
The emphasis on these natural gas plants irks many environmentalists, but proponents of them say these would be a new generation of gas peakers. While not preferable to conventional generating plants, they would pollute less than the peakers currently being pressed into service. If California can build new, more efficient ones, it can retire the old polluting ones, the argument goes. 
Nonetheless, critics fear the state, rushing into new negotiations, will leave ratepayers with more expensive power contracts. They note that the authority hasn't completed an assessment on exactly how much power it really needs and what it wants for the state's power portfolio. That assessment won't be done until February. 
"I hope they have a basis on which they've determined they need those (3,000) megawatts of contracts,'' said Lenny Goldberg, a lobbyist for The Utility Reform Network, a consumer watchdog group. 
Businesses worry new pacts will hurt them 
Even the state's businesses are critical. 
They believe that the more expensive long-term power there is under state contract, the less likely lawmakers are to businesses go into the open market to buy the cheaper electricity they think they can get there. 
Lawmakers, they believe, will want to force businesses to continue to buy power under the contracts they've negotiated because if the businesses were allowed to pull out, residential customers alone would be left paying the higher prices that those contracts dictate. 
Lawmakers are reluctant to put any more burdens on the average consumer, who they feel are the unintended victims of a severely flawed deregulation system. 
"I would just as soon not see them negotiate any more contracts,'' said Jack Stewart, president of the California Manufacturers and Technology Association. 
The state power authority was signed into law in May to build its own plants, help others finance them and compete with the private power companies. Leading the $5 million-a-year agency is Freeman, the former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and one of Davis' closest advisers during the energy crisis. 
The Legislature's auditors are casting a critical eye at the power authority and will hold hearings next month. 
"It's not an investigation,'' said Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Felton, chairman of the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. But "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law 
Keeley's committee is looking into the planned purchases and he said he could not yet conclude whether the power authority's actions could help or hurt the state. 
Freeman said onlookers have been too quick to criticize the state's work. 
"The plain truth is we had blackouts last winter. We did what we could. We kept the rates stable and lights on,'' Freeman said. "Criticism is real easy with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight 
Call and we can discuss.  We are open to a videoconference as well.
303-674-5459
Just a reminder.  Please fix your parts on the hot list and send them back to me.
Thanks,
Mara
Updated
Could everyone please update this El Paso Capacity marketing sheet and send the updates back to me so I can have it ready for the meeting today.
Thanks,
Mara 
How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers?
Both mom and baby (Logan) are doing much better
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
I missed being there 
I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15
yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was
great, so was the fishing.
Mark - whaaaa sup.  I did not see an attachment - was it big 
That is awsome!
Yes, I will ask someone from Denver office to create package... Gas Management, Market Intelligence.. gas flows.. etc.
BT 
Timely note, and once again I am already hard at work prospecting for you up here.
They are getting ready to drill CBM this fall. I've been meeting with them on this and actually set them up to do a deal with ATS on production/revenue/lease acctg in the US (next mtg Oct 9 in Calgary).  I gave them a presentation a few weeks ago on the general things we and ATS can do for them in Denver/Dallas.  I want to send them something more specific about all we can do in the Rockies on the gas mktg side.  I'll also build in some data on Hanover for them so will draw that from Producer One.
Can I get some general slides about all the good things Mark and the gang do in Denver.
Timing is next few days.  I'd like to get this to them by sometime Friday if possible (not the end of the world if it's early next week Thanks.
Eric, did Suncor every get any drilling completed in the Rockies 
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
I missed being there 
I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15
yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was
great, so was the fishing.
Mark - whaaaa sup.  I did not see an attachment - was it big 
That is awsome!
I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15 yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was great, so was the fishing.
Mark - whaaaa sup.  I did not see an attachment - was it big 
That is awsome!
I am so sorry about Jack.  It is very difficult for me to accept that he is gone.  He was a very special man to me as I was growing up.  Jack was as much like an Uncle to me as any of my blood relatives.  He always represented the pillar of strength while still being able to to be one of the most loving and compassionate people I have ever known.  To me Jack was everything a man was supposed to be 
It always made me proud to talk to Jack about my football games and later on the oil and gas business.  It was neat that in a way I was following a similiar path in life to the one that Jack had taken.  And when my daughter was born I began to see how he must of felt about his three wonderful daughters, who I still consider to be like sisters to me.  I was so excited when Little Jack was born this year because I knew how proud and excited he must have been to finally have his boy.  I hope someday I have the opportunity to tell him what a special man his Grandpa was. 
The thing I always will remember about Jack was that when he walked into a room, he filled it up, not because of his size, but because of his enormous personality and lust for life.  He could always put a smile on your face. The world has lost a very special man.
I know this is hard for you and the girls.  It is hard for me to write this without breaking up. I Love you guys and wish I was there with you.
Love
Mark Whitt
Updated
Will everyone please update this hot list and send it back to me.  I think that we are going to have a meeting today.
Thanks,
Mara 
A hot dog at Enron Field cost. $3.00
I know shares are going for 36 cents a piece, but if I buy in bulk, will
y'all give them to me at 3 for $1 ?
I am so sorry about Jack.  It is very difficult for me to accept that he is gone.  He was a very special man to me as I was growing up.  Jack was as much like an Uncle to me as any of my blood relatives.  He always represented the pillar of strength while still being able to to be one of the most loving and compassionate people I have ever known.  To me Jack was everything a man was supposed to be 
It always made me proud to talk to Jack about my football games and later on the oil and gas business.  It was neat that in a way I was following a similiar path in life to the one that Jack had taken.  And when my daughter was born I began to see how he must of felt about his three wonderful daughters, who I still consider to be like sisters to me.  I was so excited when Little Jack was born this year because I knew how proud and excited he must have been to finally have his boy.  I hope someday I have the opportunity to tell him what a special man his Grandpa was. 
The thing I always will remember about Jack was that when he walked into a room, he filled it up, not because of his size, but because of his enormous personality and lust for life.  He could always put a smile on your face. The world has lost a very special man.
I know this is hard for you and the girls.  It is hard for me to write this without breaking up. I Love you guys and wish I was there with you.
Love
Mark Whitt
I did but I didn't activate it.  So I thought it wasn't any good anymore and threw it away.
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.
Carolyn Graham
Enron NetWorks LLC
Vendor Management
713-345-8008
Mark and Scott,
Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.
If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.
Thanks.
Jim Griffin
Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing
Montana Power Company
40 East Broadway
Butte, MT  59701
Phone:  406-497-2806
Fax:      406-497-2054
Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com  
I have forwarded this to our credit department.
Mr. Whitt
Attached is a letter regarding the above-referenced matter.  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call.
Patricia Flanigan
Bear Paw Energy, LLC
1400 16th Street, Suite 310
Denver CO  80202
Phone: 720-946-3661
Fax:  720-946-3710
tricia.flanigan@
Please also fax this letter to our credit war room in Houston.  The # is 303-646-3227.
Mark,
Please disregard the comments on the fax cover sheet just sent to you. You should have received with the cover sheet the Notice letter from Crestone Energy Ventures, LLC regarding the Master Services Agreement. If you did not receive that letter, please notify me as soon as possible. 
Janet Place
Sorry you are correct. 713 is correct.  It has been a long week.
Thanks
Mark
Please verify the Houston fax number.  Isn't "303" a Denver prefix??  Thanks.
Please also fax this letter to our credit war room in Houston.  The # is 303-646-3227.
Mark,
Please disregard the comments on the fax cover sheet just sent to you. You should have received with the cover sheet the Notice letter from Crestone Energy Ventures, LLC regarding the Master Services Agreement. If you did not receive that letter, please notify me as soon as possible. 
Janet Place
That was friday night.
Great time Sat night.  Thanks for the invite.  How is Christina?
Enjoy!!
You can probably tell bt the name of the website that you should proceed
with caution!
Did he ever have any taste?
It seems Mr. Lattin has little taste.