Sevil,
Stop by any time.
Vince
Vince,
Regarding everything we talked today in all research meeting I was wondering how all these things are going to affect my situation. As we talked couple months ago I was trying to get ready to be employed full time in the new year. So in this case what do you recommend me to do? Shall we stick to what we talked before or shall we wait and see what time is going to bring? It'd be really nice if you could give some kind of direction.
Thanks,
Sevil Yaman
Enron Research Group
713-345-8083
Ian,
Thanks for your message. No change here,
I am doing just fine. I have always kept my common sense
that allows me to recognize insanity when I see one.
Vince
with all the bad news, I hope you are ok.
Vince,
I am pleased to hear you will be returning to MSCF this year, participating
in the Speaker Series on December 7.   Enron has a tremendous reputation in
quantitative finance circles and your obvious interest in our students is
deeply appreciated.  I know, too, our students are very much looking forward
to your visit.
On a separate but definitely related matter, would you consider serving on
our Advisory Board?   You will note our present membership
(  reflects no representation
from an energy firm.  I speak on behalf of the MSCF Steering Committee in
expressing our hope that you would be willing to correct this!
The Advisory Board meets once a year, usually in the late fall in New York.
Its six (or so) members serve for a three year term.  Enron's participation
on the MSCF Board would allow you to influence the direction of the program
to the advantage of the energy companies and give you access to a "first
look" at the "MSCF Resume Book."  From our standpoint, your experience and
counsel would be of tremendous benefit to us as we consider challenges and
opportunities in the MSCF program in the years ahead.
Our 2001 meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, Dec. 12 in mid-town Manhattan.
Would you be willing join us?
Rick
Mr. Richard L. Bryant
Director, Computational Finance Program
Graduate School of Industrial Administration
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
(412) 268-4592/(412) 268-6837 (fax)
rlbryant@andrew.cmu.edu
Praveen,
Change of plans. I shall be able to attend
the meeting of the Advisory Board on Wednesday.
Vince
Dear Vince,
I hope that you would have received by now (through e-mail) the
invitation from the Dean for the Energy Committee and the Advisory Board,
the complete business plan for the Institute, and the list of the energy
committee members. We are very excited to have you on board with us.
Since you will not be able to attend the first meeting, I would like
to arrange a visit by you to the Bauer College sometime in the near future,
at your convenience. In this visit, we would like to summarize the
proceedings of the first meeting, get further input from you, and also show
you the recently completed AIM Trading Center (even prior to the official
opening ceremony in January).   It would be great if we could entertain you
for lunch as part of the visit. Please let me know of some days/time-slots
that are open to you in the next couple of weeks, and we will try and firm
up the visit. Many thanks again.
Best wishes,
Praveen
Praveen Kumar
Chair and Professor of Finance
C.T. Bauer College of Business
334 Melcher Hall
University of Houston
Houston, TX 77204-6021
713-743-4770/713-743-4789 (fax)
- winmail.dat  
As many of you know, I have a provision in my employment contract which provides for a payment of $20 million per year for the remaining term of my contract in the event of a change of control of Enron.  The merger with Dynegy, or a similar transaction with any other company, would trigger this provision on closing.  Assuming the merger with Dynegy is closed within 6-9 months, as we expect, this provision would entitle me to total payments of slightly more than $60 million.
Many CEOs have change of control provisions in their employment contracts and mine has been in place since 1989.  But given the current circumstances facing the company and our employees, I have been giving a lot of thought these last few days to what to do about this payment.  Initially, I thought I would use part of the funds for a foundation for our employees and take the remainder in stock and cash.  However, after talking to a number of employees this afternoon, I have decided that the best course of action would be for me to waive my right to any of this payment.  Therefore, at closing, I will receive no payments under this provision.
I know this action does not remedy the uncertainty that you and your families face.  But please know that I will continue to do everything in my power to serve the best interests of Enron's employees and shareholders.  I am still very proud of what we have built at Enron, and I want to continue working with all of you to correct the problems and restore Enron to its rightful place in the energy industry.
Thank you.
Na wypadek ze to jeszcze do Was nie dotarlo.
Sciskam,
Andrzej  
- podatki 2002_.rtf 
Andrzej,
Bardzo smieszne.
U mnie wszystko OK.
Wicek
Na wypadek ze to jeszcze do Was nie dotarlo.
Sciskam,
Andrzej  
- podatki 2002_.rtf  
Makes sense. The customers were engaging in risk reducing trades to lower
their exposure.
I am curious about the most recent volumes.
Vince
Vince,
I thought you might just like to have this information: several people have been asking about our trading volumes and whether or not they have decreased significantly. According to the graphs in the attached spreadsheet, the only significant drop in EOL trading came on 09/11 and 09/12. In fact, the largest number of transactions on EOL was on 10/23, which is since many of our problems started.
Tom
Tom,
Do you have transactions breakdown by commodity, and volume weighted?
Vince
Vince,
I thought you might just like to have this information: several people have been asking about our trading volumes and whether or not they have decreased significantly. According to the graphs in the attached spreadsheet, the only significant drop in EOL trading came on 09/11 and 09/12. In fact, the largest number of transactions on EOL was on 10/23, which is since many of our problems started.
Tom
Research Team,
Thanks for taking the time yesterday to meet with Gilda and me so that we could begin to address the questions that you have regarding the merger between Enron and Dynegy.  Although I do not yet have any new information for you, yesterday I submitted the following list of questions to the Q&A team, and will hopefully receive an update from them either tomorrow or Friday.
1) If the SEC files lawsuits upon conclusion of the investigation, will that hold up or stop the merger?
2) What are Whalley's responsibilities going to be after the deal is closed?  I know that he is going to be the EVP, but what does that entail?
3) Did we offer some sort of guarantee that we will maintain our current intellectual capital talent base?
4) Will back office functions start merging before the deal closes?  If so, when will this happen?  Chuck Watson made reference to this in the analyst call yesterday morning.
5) For employees who started working this year, will they still be granted options as part of the all employee stock option program?
6) Will all previously granted options vest upon deal closure?  Is there a provision in the plan that stipulates option vesting upon a change of control? 
7) What is going to happen to the current Analysts and Associates?  Will we be reducing their headcount, decreasing recruiting efforts?1
8) What is the timeline for disposing of "non-core" businesses?
9) If you receive a reorganization severance package and opt to sign the waiver, are you precluded from joining the class action law suit?
10) What is going to happen to Enron's educational assistance program?  Currently some active employees are in school, and will we continue to pay for their education?  Also, there are some employees who are in school, but who have committed to return to Enron since we are paying for their education, or have stipulated that we will pay for their education upon return.  How is this program going to change?
Additionally, I have a meeting scheduled with Margaret Daffin tomorrow to discuss concerns regarding Visa's and Green card's.  I will send an email tomorrow with answers to the FAQ's  
If any of you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me or just stop by my office.  It is such a privilege to be able to work with you and your extraordinary and fabulous team, and my door is open for each and every one of you.
Thanks,
Anne
John,
Can you send me the directions to your building?
You can cc my home E-mail address vkaminski@aol.com.
Thanks
=20
Today, Enron hosted a conference call to give investors a current overview of the company. Here's an update of what we discussed during the call.
We told investors that we're doing everything we can to protect their interests and to regain their confidence. Our focus remains on our credit quality, balance sheet and liquidity, which are essential for our continued success and expansion of our wholesale businesses.
It took more than a few weeks to get where we are today. Here's a snapshot of significant events that led to our current situation:
-- In hindsight, we definitely made some very bad investments in our non-core businesses over the past several years. Those include investments in Azurix, India and Brazil. They have performed far worse that we could have ever imagined when we made these investments;
-- Because of these bad investments, we've become over-leveraged as a company. The negative impact of those investments was exacerbated through the extensive use of debt capital both on and off our balance sheet;
-- We also entered into related party transactions that led to a loss of investor confidence, which has been very damaging;
-- We've been criticized for our lack of transparency and our hard-to-understand financial and operating disclosures; and
-- On top of it all, we discovered errors in our financial statements, as discussed in our 8-K filing last week, that required a restatement of previously reported earnings.
We've taken a new look at our businesses and have separated them into three areas: core businesses, non-core businesses, and businesses under review.
Core Businesses
Our core businesses remain strong and consistent sources of significant earnings and cash flows for the company. They're our competitive advantage. These include:
-- Natural gas pipeline businesses;
-- Gas and power businesses in North America and Europe;
-- Retail businesses in North America and Europe; and
-- Coal businesses in North America and Europe.
The events of the past few weeks have had a temporary negative impact on our projected fourth quarter profitability. It's too early to tell at this time what impact this might have on our operating results. We are considering these actions now so that we can quickly return to normal business in 2002.
I also remain optimistic that the actions we've taken over the past couple of weeks have addressed our customer and counterparty credit and liquidity concerns. According to our business unit leaders, we have definitely seen improvement in our counterparty relationships.
Non-Core Businesses
Our non-core businesses include our global assets group and our broadband division. We have invested more than $8 billion in these businesses, and the return from them has been dismal.
We have an aggressive program in place to exit these businesses and expect that the sale of these businesses will generate billions of dollars in cash that we can use to repay debt and reinvest in our core businesses. We already have more than $800 million in assets contracted for sale this year. They include CEG Rio, a gas LDC in Brazil; EcoElectrica, a power plant and LNG receiving terminal in Puerto Rico; and asset sales of offshore oil and gas properties in India. The approximately $2.9 billion Portland General sale is also on target to close in late 2002 pending regulatory approvals.
Businesses Under Review
These businesses are comprised of those operations outside our power and gas wholesale businesses and include global and industrial markets. While several of these businesses have very strong future prospects, we need to determine if their capital requirements and near-term growth prospects are sufficient enough in terms of earnings and cash generation.
Reviewing our businesses this way will help determine where we need to make reductions to our work force. More information will follow as soon as it becomes available.
Credit Rating/10-Q Filing
We continue to meet regularly with credit rating agencies and believe that our liquidity enhancements and scheduled asset sales will strengthen our balance sheet and maintain our investment grade credit rating. Our current credit ratings by the three major rating agencies are as follows:
-- Moody's at Baa3       "Under Review for Further Downgrade"
-- Fitch at BBB-             "Evolving Status"
-- S&P at BBB-              "CreditWatch Negative"
We also discussed our existing financial vehicles, including Osprey, Marlin and Yosemite, in further detail. We told investors that we will file our 10-Q five days late due to our current activities. It will be filed on Nov. 19.
We will continue to have updates with investors over the coming weeks as well as our frequent updates with you. The full transcript of our conference call will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in the next few days. It will also be posted on our web site at www.enron.com/corp/investors under "SEC Filings."
=20
=20
In connection with the proposed transactions, Dynegy and Enron will file a joint proxy statement/prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors and security holders are urged to carefully read the joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding the proposed transactions when it becomes available, because it will contain important information. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (when it is available) and other documents containing information about Dynegy and Enron, without charge, at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and the SEC filings that will be incorporated by reference in the joint proxy statement/prospectus may also be obtained for free by directing a request to either: Investor Relations, Dynegy Inc., 1000 Louisiana, Suite 5800, Houston, TX 77002, Phone: (713) 507-6466, Fax: (713) 767-6652; or Investor Relations, Enron Corp., Enron Building, 1400 Smith Street, Houston, TX 77002, Phone: (713) 853-3956, Fax: (713) 646-3302.
In addition, the identity of the persons who, under SEC rules, may be considered "participants in the solicitation" of Dynegy and Enron shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions, and any description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, are available in an SEC filing under Schedule 14A made by each of Dynegy and Enron.
Vince, thanks for your update. I am sorry hear that the people in your group
will be affected as well.
Please keep me in the loop as you get time to work on your future
activities.
One of the areas where I would like to creat a new business line is in
Enterprise Cash flow analysis.
It will be a software (middleware) play that will link up with existing
financial tools to assess and manage cash delta to various exposures
(commodity price, volume, weather, interest rate & spread, FX, etc There are plenty of tools out there claiming to do this but I don't think
they have the risk management and financial analysis background to build an
effective tool. Also, without consulting support going along with it the
client would not be able to assess the exposure.  It can provide reliability
analysis type of drill down from what can go wrong to simulation of down
grade events, etc 
The tool could be used to host a site where publically traded company's
financial information can be extracted out of EDGAR and Cash flow risk
indicator can be publihsed 
I am thinking that there must be a grant (matching based on a company
seeding this activity) that could be used to do the initial development. It
could come from SEC, AIMR, FAS, etc...  I know there are plenty of cash flow
at risk (CAR) and profit at risk (PAR) tools out there but I think I can
take that old concept and deliver the product that is useful and provides
relevant information.  The presentation of the software is as important as
its functionality.  Quicken came up with its product, which was not that new
but it worked and easy to use 
The resources I am talking about is myself and a software programer to start
with and adding another junior analyst later.
Let me know if I am missing something here.
Hi Ravi,
A quick update. I got your messages. Our old group will be dissolved next
Tuesday and I am extremely busy processing all the documents.
Nothing happened yet on the other side: I don't have time
to act on it.
I shall call you when we get through this ordeal.
Vince
Preliminary numbers for your MGMT 656: Energy Derivatives 001: 39
I should have a preliminary roster out to you by the beginning of next week. Of course, you can expect these numbers to fluctuate for a while. Let me know if you have any issues.
- Pam (713-348-6223)
Kai,
Thanks for your message. I am glad you landed
in a very good company.
No decision yet. The first priority for me
is to make sure the members of the group have a
soft landing. Then I shall decide what I want to do next.
Vince
 Vince,