- FARTINGI.AVI
- RFC-822.TXT
val.generes@ac.com on 08/25/2000 07:29:24 AM
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would
have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
(Hardly seems worth it)
If you fart consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough
gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
(Now that's more like it)
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes. (In my next life I want
to be a pig) (How'd they figure this out, and why?)
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
(Still can't get over that pig thing)
(Don't try this at home...maybe at work?)
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for
pleasure.  (Is that why Flipper was always smiling?)
(And pigs get 30-minute orgasms? Doesn't seem fair)
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
(Hmmmmmmmmm 
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than
left-handed people do.
(If you're ambidextrous do you split the difference?)
The ant can lift 50 times its own weight, can pull 30 times
its own weight and always falls over on its right side when
intoxicated.
(From drinking little bottles of (Did taxpayers pay for this research 
Polar bears are left handed.
(Who knew....? Who cares? How'd they find out, did they
ask them?)
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
(What can be so tasty on the bottom of the pond?)
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a
human jumping the length of a football field.
(30 minutes...can you imagine?? And why pigs?)
A cockroach will live nine days without it's head, before
it starves to death.
(Creepy)
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is
attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping
the male's head off.
(Honey, I'm home. What the (Well, at least pigs get a break there 
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
(In my next life I still want to be a pig ... quality over
quantity)
Butterflies taste with their feet.
(Oh, Geez)  (That's almost as bad as catfish)
An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
(I know some people like that.)
Starfish don't have brains.
(I know some people like that too.)
After reading all these, all I can say is Lucky Pigs 
Toni-
Here is the resume I left you a message about.  Get back to me when you get a 
chance.
Thank you, 
Matt Lenhart
i told her that you were interested in her
sure.  maybe.
put it in the paper dog
marquis.  i like volcanoes better.  good day at work?
what does sp mean?
Stacy Chang   Do not try this at home - its more painful then it looks 
- pool.mpg
Stacy Chang   Do not try this at home - its more painful then it looks 
- pool.mpg
you must be on this "best conference" kick b/c your team lost.  sec had a 
down year by their standards, but that isn't the point.  lsu beat a good 
georgia tech team to win the peach bowl.  texas lost to a pac-10 team.  i 
don't need to pump up the lsu's conference b/c we won our bowl game.  i will 
pay you, but it is pretty sad that you are cheering for an arch rival that 
smoked you guys in dallas 
Stacy Chang   Do not try this at home - its more painful then it looks 
- pool.mpg
just open an account at www.wsex.com
Hey guys and gals, just a reminder that we  are?less than a week away from 
kickoff and I see that you have not joined  in the office pool.? By now you 
should have received the directions on how  to join the pool.? There is still 
plenty of time but I still advise not to  wait to long just incase you have 
any problems.
?
We are at over 40 players as long as each of you  join up.? Let me know if 
you have changed your mind so I can take you off  my list (at least for this 
year).
?
Hope all is going well and I'll look for you on the  page.
?
Brook
this is a league where you pick all 16 games on the spread each week and if 
you get the most games correct you win $$.  it is only 50
looks like the flight will depart,  but they cannot give me info until 
tomorrow.  the flights today are taking off.  i arrive at 8:55.
i get in thurs night.  we can go out either fri or sat or both 
this guy is a regular carl lewis
Matthew Lenhart
08/25/2000 02:55 PM
Stacy Chang   Do not try this at home - its more painful then it looks 
- pool.mpg
i see your brother in law doing some trades on line with us
8-3.  tenn.  sucks.  we roll them 
i leave for denver on thurs 
lsu owns texas.  did we not beat you at basketball and baseball in their most 
important collegiate tournaments?  why does everyone from ut think they have 
such a storied program?  you haven't won in decades.  your current coach has 
proved he can't win big games.  you guys will be ranked high (as you were 
this year), but you won't hold that ranking.  texas has the easiest schedule 
and they will manage to lose an early one as usual.  all i heard last year at 
this time was that 2000 was supposed to be the year, but look how that turned 
out.  you guys should be a little more competitive next year against ou good luck.
i heard you were anyway
we can get drinks wed if you would like. let me know when a good time is.
i get back monday night.  we can get a drink next week.  that actually works 
out better for me anyway.  what are you doing this weekend.
i haven't found out about my test yet.  i am pretty sure i failed.  i didn't 
study enough 
i called her and she still isn't there.  i wonder if she still has a job 
here.
she still works here.  she is probably on vacation or something.  i am sure 
she will get right back to daddy when she gets in town.  she sounds hot.
i am going to denver.  i will be ready for it next week 
i am going to denver tomorrow.  i am excited to get home for a couple of 
days.  how did you know i went to the black swan?  i saw some girl who was at 
that wedding we went to and she lives in your apt. complex.
i had manning but i traded him away b/c i had no backs.  now i have vodka 
collins starting for me.
did you talk to max?  what night should we go out?  if we only go out 1 night 
i vote sat.  if we go out both that is cool too.  what time is cu/csu?
i am going to go out.  give me a call at home or on my cell.
csu is the underdog and i would bet that they get punished.  tell max to stay 
out of the ghetto.  property there doesn't appreciate.
thanks for the email.  i am hopefully taking off tomorrow night, but i am not 
sure b/c  i am flying united.  it will be good to be home for a few days vegas was fun.  i went for a bachelor party.  some of my friends are starting 
to fall.  i hope billie's mom is okay.  i will talk to you soon 
love matt
what the fuck are the highlands
isn't that where the vatos live
i have that work trip on oct. 21st.  is there another weekend that you could 
come to n.o.?
disregard my last email.  we might not be going on that weekend.
i called united and it sounds like my flight will fly.  see you tonight.
i can go that weekend.
Bryan Hull
08/31/2000 01:30 PM
Enjoy 
- salsshort.mpg
is that your babe
we couldn't get in.  the line wasn't moving so we went to the hub.  i tried 
to call your cell phone and leave a message.  i got your message late last 
night about the movie.  my cell phone was upstairs and i couldn't hear it 
ringing.  how was mercury room?
Bryan Hull
08/31/2000 01:30 PM
Enjoy 
- salsshort.mpg
nothing more sexy than a girl that can dance
what is going on?  i don't think we need your tickets.  if you want me to try 
to sell them there i will.  how was labor day weekend for you?  what did you 
do?
can you foward me the rules for that loser league?
can you send down your rockies forecast again?  i need to look at your 
numbers for the winter again.
thanks
matt
that game was great.  i was so impressed with griese & gary & the whole 
office.  the defense is a major concern.  i am torn between being impressed 
with what they did on the road in a hostile environment or being freaked out 
b/c of that defense.  st. louis had a good defense last year.  i hope their 
defense is still good b/c that would say a lot about our offense.
how was your labor day.
37176
the defense couldn't even stop them.  they have no place to go but up.  i am 
concerned about the d.  you need that to win in the playoffs.
olandis gary tore his acl.  he is out for the season.
nope.  we can hit the town this weekend.  i like that place the hub.  they 
play good music.
how did that happen.  i thought there was all mo's and no ho's.
who is that
Eric told me to shoot you an email to bid on a free agent.  I want to bid $5 
on Mike Anderson of the Broncos.  Let me know what else I need to do 
Thanks,
Matt
during the 3rd quarter
do i need to just send you a check for $20 or should i just send the $50?  is 
there just a tally at the end of the year with the payouts then?
congratulations!  is that in austin or houston?
denver was nice.  i just played golf and took it easy.  when is your test are you watching the lsu game this weekend?  i think that we are going have a 
bbq somewhere for the game.  i will let you know.
daddy won the first week.
what are you going to be doing?
cram
we will finish top ten next year in the polls
you guys have happy hour every night.  what time are you going thurs?
so are you now an analyst - investment banker?  is your pay better?  are you 
going to work 90 hours a week?
you going?  if it is next weekend sign me up.
only problem is that there is an lsu game sat.
what does he trade
remember this.  we might need to go check it out after  the game.
I hear this is pretty easy action. I guy I play softball with on Mondays
goes to these things. He said you just get hammered and go back to the hotel
and hit it.
HoustonTNDC - www.houstontndc.com
This is your last chance to sign up!!!!Only a few spots are left!
Once they are gone you are SOL
09.09.2000
It is back!!!.....Summer Pajama Pub Crawl
THIS IS THE LAST PJ CRAWL OF 2000
Here is what you get:
Hotel accommodations at the Radisson Astrodome
Limo Bus to all Locations
Free Covers, drink specials at all bars..plus more to come!!
Tickets are $40 and available on-line at The ClubMonkey Store
Special package: PJ Crawl tickets with The Clubmonkey Glass only $45
get a glass for $5 regularly $10 at  
We will also have commemorative t-shirts for the pub crawl check the
Clubmonkey store for details or get them at the event
This event will benefit End Hunger Network. So please bring any
non-perishable items you would like to donate!...you will get a free
Koozie to hold your cold drinks for your charitable donation.
Make your reservations NOW!!!!  This event fills up FAST If you need an alternate payment method send an email to
info@clubmonkey.com
For non-advance tickets.
The price will be $60 at the door, cash only.
*****Check this out*****  The ClubMonkey Glass will be available
The ClubMonkey Glass is:
Drink Specials all the time!!!!!  Get awesome drink specials every day
of the week at all ClubMonkey sponsor bars...Buy on-line or at your
favorite ClubMonkey Sponsor bar....go to
for all the details.
Remember every Wednesday night at Scudiero's is ClubMonkey Night!
We have our very own DJ Jager slammin out all your favorite ass shaking
tunes.
We have $3.00 Well Drinks in your Clubmonkey glass....That is a 16oz well We also have $9.00 longneck buckets!!  Not just domestics...anything!
You can get you ClubMonkey glass at the bar.
Come join us starting every Wednesday starting at 8pm.
Scudiero's 817 W. Dallas  713.490.0235
Thanks
The Monkey
For more info on anything just reply to this message
Also to be removed from this mailing list please reply to this message
with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line
______________________________________________________________________
To unsubscribe, write to HoustonTNDC-unsubscribe@listbot.com
BEST PRICES ON THE NET AT IMANDI.COM
Cheapest prices on new cars, insurance, airfare, maids, custom pc's,
mortgages, moving and more! Tell us what you want. We locate it for
free -- across town & across the country.
i heard it was good.  i think we might check it out after the game.
bbq at tim's or something and then lets go to the crawl thing.
i am going to tonight.