(END) DOW JONES NEWS  07-06-01
   03:14 PM- - 03 14 PM EDT 07-06-01
 
Howdy:
If Dorothy sent something, I haven't received it.
Best,
Jeff
Really appreciate it.  Thanks very much for the help.  I'll leave you a 
message should anything come up. Enjoy the Giants game.  Hope they do better 
tomorrow than they did today.
Best,
Jeff
Here is a stab at draft legislative language for the core/noncore portion 
(i.e., section 1) of the agreeement.  See you later today.
Best,
Jeff
FYI.  Note discussion of Ed, Enron and the 21st Century Energy Project at end 
of article.
Best, Jeff
Campaign funds will pay for spots 
Robert Salladay, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau
Saturday, July 7, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
Sacramento -- Gov. Gray Davis will begin a series of radio ads next week 
defending his handling of the energy crisis -- further proof that political 
campaigning has become a permanent sport. 
Davis political adviser Garry South said the ads are designed to fill an 
"information void" among Californians about what the state has accomplished. 
But they are playing statewide just as millions of dollars of TV ads financed 
by Republicans and power companies are attacking Davis. 
"The campaign season has started early," said Rob Stutzman, a consultant with 
the state GOP, which has not been involved with the anti-Davis TV spots 
running since June 19. 
Davis' 60-second radio spot takes the form of an "energy update," where the 
governor informs listeners that "we" have licensed 16 new power plants, 
including three Davis opened this month, and that "conservation is the best 
way to fight back against high energy prices Davis' ads convey the same information as a series of state-financed "Flex 
Your Power" ads run by the Department of Consumer Affairs, only those ads 
don't mention Davis. Davis' campaign fund, worth well above $25 million, is 
paying for the $150,000-per-week radio spots to avoid accusations he is using 
state money to finance his political ambitions. 
South dismissed the notion that the radio ads came in response to the TV ads 
that make Davis a target, saying the governor's poll numbers are actually 
going up. He said people laughed at the ads attacking the governor as 
ridiculous, particularly one showing Davis in Red Square. 
"One of the reasons we chose this ('energy update') tack," South said, "is 
that people simply are not in the mood to have some full-out firefight and 
some partisan battle about this problem. They are in a just-the-facts-ma'am 
mood Stutzman said he didn't disagree with South about the ill-timed and partisan 
nature of the TV ads, which are financed out of Washington, D.C., but he said 
the governor is also launching a political firefight of his own. 
"These ads, even though the the first iteration of them sound like public 
service ads, very much are political ads," Stutzman said. "The reason they 
may be poor political ads is they use the governor's voice, and I don't think 
he has any credibility on this issue Davis already has updated his 2002 campaign Web site, www.gray-davis.com, 
which includes an odd-looking caricature of the governor and a photo of Davis 
standing with actor Martin Sheen, who plays a president on the TV show "The 
West Wing." The Sheen photo dominates the home page. 
"What we're trying to do with the Web site is have a little fun with it said South, who declined to say whether Davis would run against President 
Bush in 2004. 
Last month, a conservative group with links to Republicans and energy 
companies began running a series of ads blaming Davis for the energy crisis 
and saying the state was suffering from "Grayouts Time magazine reported last month that hundreds of corporations had 
contributed to the ads attacking Davis, who has accused Texas firms such as 
Reliant Energy of "unconscionable price-gouging Reliant, which donated $10,000 to Davis before the energy crisis, has 
contributed to the anti-Davis advertising effort, according to Time, and the 
American Taxpayers Alliance hopes to raise as much as $25 million to keep the 
ads running in California through July. 
Scott Reed, a former campaign manager for Bob Dole's failed 1996 presidential 
bid, formed the American Taxpayers Alliance in Washington to raise money for 
the 30-second ads. He has refused to name his donors, and did not return a 
call for comment yesterday. 
Even though the 2002 elections are more than a year away, Republicans are 
worried they are losing ground in Congress on Bush's energy policy, and 
Davis' popularity has slipped somewhat in the polls. 
But the ads mounted by both sides also are designed to change public policy. 
Davis recently hired former Clinton-Gore campaign and White House strategists 
Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani, and Davis' public presence and political pull 
dramatically increased. 
Another conservative group, the 21st Century Energy Project, will begin 
running TV ads next week in Washington to promote expansion of the energy 
supply, more drilling and nuclear energy. 
The $500,000, two-week advertising purchase is being coordinated by Ed 
Gillespie, a former campaign strategist for Bush and a consultant for 
Houston's Enron Corp., the world's largest energy trader. 
Gillespie said yesterday his group wants to promote a "conservative, market- 
oriented message" about energy, to counteract environmental groups such as 
the Sierra Club. He said environmentalists aren't addressing the gap between 
supply and demand, except through strict conservation. 
"We're trying to shape the debate, because it's been pretty one-sided so 
far," Gillespie said. 
E-mail Robert Salladay at rsalladay@sfchronicle.com. 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle   Page A - 6 
Apologies folks, but upon re-reading, I caught some ambiguities and 
inaccuracies in the first draft that I sent around.  Sure that  errors 
remain, but this version should at least be somewhat closer.  Changes are in 
strike-out-underline.
Best,
Jeff
"Delaney Hunter"  	07/08/2001 04:14 PM
Please respond to dhunter
All-
I have merged everyone's seperate language into one document - this may be
easier to work from today, especially for those of you on the phone.
Talk to you all at 3:00.
Thanks,
Delaney
- MERGED LEG LANGUAGE.doc
Below is an update from the weekend's activities.
The group negotiating the core/noncore proposal met over the weekend to 
attempt to put the proposal into legislative language/format The product produced thus far is generally sloppy and ill-drafted and the 
individual facilitating the group is working tonite to integrate the comments 
provided and discussions that took place today. He will  distribute a new 
draft by noon tomorrow (PDT).
The plan as it currently stands is to deliver a product to Hertzberg by COB 
tomorrow (Monday).
As expected, some in the group are attempting to "recontract" certain 
portions of the original deal, but those attempts are generally at the margin.
The DWR contracts remain a key impediment to any deal.
Senator Burton has still not definitively committed to a conference committee 
to produce a bill to deliver to Davis.
In addition, the legislation to create a dedicated rate component to service 
the bonds to repay the state budget for power purchased by DWR (and de-link 
the bonds from the DWR contracts) may be on a slower track than folks thought 
initially.
Will have more information tomorrow on where Burton and the bond legislation 
stand.
Best,
Jeff
you have made me very happy.
Since it was only Friday since Delainey directed me to send info directly to 
him, I included him and the others on the last note in order to avoid looking 
like I was disobeying direct orders 48 hours after receiving them.  Hopefully 
we can work something out where you distribute as you deem fit.  Hope it's 
not creating undue headaches.
Best,
Jeff
i'll be participating.  thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Last time I was in Houston, an IT tech deleted everything---I mean 
everything---so I need to hunt it down.  Will do so immediately and get you a 
copy.
Best,
Jeff
Yes.  Thanks very much Maureen and Ginger.  There is a subsequent power point 
presentation that I'm fairly confident I distributed (may have done so after 
I got back from New York, so you might also want to search Steve and Rick's 
in-boxes through the first two weeks of February).  Thanks again for the help.
Best,
Jeff
Richard Shapiro
07/09/2001 01:46 PM
Was'nt there an earlier powerpoint?
Maureen McVicker
07/09/2001 01:43 PM
HERE'S A DRAFT OF THE EXNET PRESENTATION.  I'LL KEEP LOOKING FOR THE FINAL 
VERSION.
I've still got considerable work to do, but wanted to make sure all had a 
chance to review and comment well in advance of finalizing.  I'm giving a 
talk at Exnet on Monday about California.  Attached is a draft of the 
slides.  All comments welcome and appreciated.  I'm continuing to work on 
it.  Thanks very much.
Best,
Jeff
This looks like LA Times/Wall Street Journal material 
=09Steve C Hall/ENRON@Xgate
=0907/09/2001 01:29 PM
=09=09=20
Here is the transcript of the ISO's real-time desk asking Enron real-time=20
trader Ryan Slinger to help the ISO "set" the market-clearing price ("MCP")=20
for replacement energy.  The ISO wanted Enron to help set the MCP for=20
replacement energy at $91.86, because the ISO was upset that the MCP had=20
dropped to a penny, and now market participants were buying the ISO's excess=20
energy a penny (after having sold it to the ISO for $91 the day before).
There are two phone calls.  The first call is the ISO calling to ask us to=20
help it to set the price.  The next call occurs three minutes later and is=20
the ISO calling because we didn't put in the bid.  Our trader told the ISO=20
that he had to "talk to his boss" because he "didn't want to do anything=20
wrong." =20
Note:  I have just learned a complicating detail:  Coincidentally, our desk=20
did put in a bid for $91.86 for Hour 18, which was what the ISO had=20
requested.  However, the bid had been formulated before the ISO called our=20
desk.
Transcription of a telephone conversation between the ISO=01,s Real Time Desk=20
and Enron=01,s Real Time Desk - July 3, 2001, 14:40:50 - 14.43:38
Enron:  Enron, this is David [Porter].
ISO:  Hi David.  This is Allen at the ISO.
Enron:  David: Hi Allen.  How ya doing?
ISO:  Allen:  Hold on one sec.  I=01,ve got to get something.
Unknown:  Stage one at 11.
ISO:  Allen:  Hey, I=01,m on the hour-ahead desk.  Did you guys put a bid in?
Enron:  David:  Yes, hang on one second Allen.
ISO:  Allen:  Yeah.
Enron:  Ryan:  This is Ryan [Slinger].
ISO:  Allen:  Hey Ryan, this is Allen at the ISO hour ahead.  Did you guys=20
put a trade in, replacement [energy]?  Not trade, but a bid?
Enron:  Ryan:  For which hour, for hour 15?
ISO:  Allen:  For hour 16?
Enron:  Ryan:  For hour 16, correct.
ISO:  Allen:  Can you guys continue to put the price at that?
Enron:  Ryan:  At what?  At $91.86?
ISO:  Allen:  Yes
Enron:  Ryan:  Um,=01(.
ISO:  Allen:  This isn=01,t on a recorded line, but we wanted to do that because=20
of some of the things that we are seeing.  It would be good to keep it [the=20
Market Clearing Price for Replacement Energy] at a higher price.  It doesn=01,t=20
matter how many megawatts you  put it at, but we want to clear it at a higher=20
price.
Enron:  Ryan:  Wait, you said we=01,re not on a recorded line, or we are?
ISO:  Allen:  We=01,re not.  No, we=01,re not, okay.  We already talked to the=20
day-ahead research guy and myself, but we saw you guys clear at $91 and we=20
wanted you, if it=01,s possible, to continue to set that, whether it=01,s 20 MW or=20
whatever you want to put in there.
Enron:  Ryan:  Okay, um=01 
ISO:  Allen:  We want to clear it at that because of some issues we are=20
seeing as far as others that are taking advantage of the market.
Enron:  Ryan:  Oh yeah.  Because it had been clearing like at $100, hadn=01,t it?
ISO:  Allen:  Not replacement.
Enron:  Ryan:  Oh, not replacement?
ISO:  Allen:  No.  What happened is that we bought it back=01(.see, the=20
day-ahead was purchased at like $100 and then what happened is that the=20
hour-ahead . . .a bunch of these  people were buying it back for a penny over=20
the [inter] ties.  They were faking it.  So we wanted to keep the price up=20
high.  =20
Allen and Ryan:  Unintelligible.
Enron:  Ryan:  So they were selling it, oh, in the day ahead, and buying it=20
back=01(.
ISO:  Allen:  Buying like 60 bucks. . . trying to make money off of it, then=20
basically they are trying to buy it back at a penny.
Enron:  Ryan:  Oh, that=01,s ridiculous.
ISO:  Allen:  That=01,s really ticking us off and right now 
Enron:  Ryan:  That to me signals, that=01,s probably Powerex, isn=01,t it?
ISO:  Allen:  There=01,s about four of them right now.
Enron:  Ryan:  Shit.
ISO:  Allen:  And for the day-ahead for tomorrow, we didn=01,t, we didn=01,t, we=20
took them out.  Basically, we=01,re not allowing  anything over the ties.
Enron:  Ryan:  I didn=01,t submit one for 17 or =01(.
ISO:  Allen:  That=01,s fine.  They=01,ll probably go to a penny and they=01,ll=20
probably get excited and do a bunch, and we=01,ll hopefully cut them off if you=20
can get the next price and the next market at 80 or 91.
Enron:  Ryan:  Okay.  All right.  Well, I=01,ll see what I can do.
ISO:  Allen:  I appreciate it.  It=01,s actually in the best interest for the=20
State and the ISO [with] what these guys are doing, so we are trying to put a=20
stop to it.
Enron:  Ryan: Okay.
ISO:  Allen.  Thanks, bye.
Transcription of a telephone conversation between the ISO=01,s Real Time Desk=20
and Enron=01,s Real Time Desk - July 3, 2001, 14:46:55 - 14:47:40 (3 minutes=20
later)
Enron:  This is Ryan.
ISO:  Hey Ryan, its Allen.
Enron:  Ryan:  Yeah.
ISO:  Allen:  Hey, did you put it in for the next hour?
Enron:  Ryan:  For hour 16?
ISO:  Allen:  Yeah, no, they already ran 17.
Enron:  Ryan:  Oh, I didn=01,t do 17, no.
ISO:  Allen:  Well, see, we=01,re gonna run, we=01,re gonna run 18 coming up here=20
in the next fifteen minutes.
Enron:  Ryan:  Okay.
ISO:  Allen:  If you have any questions, let me know.  I hope you know this=20
is me from the ISO.  I don=01,t know if you think I=01,m somebody else but you can=20
call me at the hour-ahead desk.
Enron:  Ryan:  Well, I mean, I=01,m talking to my boss right now as far as,=20
because of, you know, I don=01,t want to be doing anything that=01,s wrong.
ISO:  Allen:  Yeah=01(=20
Enron:  Ryan:  Even if it is helping you guys out, if it=01,s wrong, I can=01,t do=20
it.
ISO:  Allen:  I know, but if you continue to bid in at, um, the market, that=01,
s the best thing to do.  For replacement.  All right.
Enron:  Ryan:  Okay, I=01,ll see what I can do.
ISO:  Allen:  Thanks, man.
=20
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
07/09/2001 02:16 PM
Yes.  Thanks very much Maureen and Ginger.  There is a subsequent power point 
presentation that I'm fairly confident I distributed (may have done so after 
I got back from New York, so you might also want to search Steve and Rick's 
in-boxes through the first two weeks of February).  Thanks again for the help.
Best,
Jeff
Richard Shapiro
07/09/2001 01:46 PM
Was'nt there an earlier powerpoint?
Maureen McVicker
07/09/2001 01:43 PM
HERE'S A DRAFT OF THE EXNET PRESENTATION.  I'LL KEEP LOOKING FOR THE FINAL 
VERSION.
I've still got considerable work to do, but wanted to make sure all had a 
chance to review and comment well in advance of finalizing.  I'm giving a 
talk at Exnet on Monday about California.  Attached is a draft of the 
slides.  All comments welcome and appreciated.  I'm continuing to work on 
it.  Thanks very much.
Best,
Jeff
Jennifer Rudolph@EES
07/09/2001 03:28 PM
Great dialog on everything that's wrong with price controls. 
 POWER POINTS:Nevada Suffers FERC Unintended Consequences