- chinese2.jpg
Hello Kenny,
Just a note to say Hello and that I love you .  I enjoyed yesterday 
afternoon.  And I also wanted to thank you for getting up early this morning 
and fixing my coffee and my slim fast.  That meant alot to me, more than you 
know.  Enjoy your day - I will see you after my hair appointment tonight 
Love and Kisses
Sandra
April 8, 2001, 10:45PM
Learn the ins and outs of filing after mid-April 
deadline 
By GARY KLOTT 
Tribune Media 
For the many millions of individuals who have yet 
to file their 2000 income tax returns, there is no
reason to panic. 
If you need more time to file your return, you can 
easily get a filing extension. 
And if you can't afford to pay your tax bill now, 
you can buy more time to pay up. While you may be
subject to interest and penalties for payments 
made after April 16, you can put off the day of
reckoning for months without fear that IRS 
collection agents will come after you. There is even a
loophole in the law that will enable many 
individuals to get an extra month to pay up without being
assessed interest or penalties. 
Nevertheless, April 16 is a critical deadline for 
anyone who has yet to file his tax returns. You'll need
to file either your tax return or an extension 
request by the deadline. And to avoid interest and
penalties, you'll generally need to pay any taxes 
owed by April 16. 
April 16 is also the deadline for making IRA 
contributions for 2000 returns and for making the first
installment of quarterly estimated taxes for 2001. 
Filing extension: If you'd like more time to file 
your return, getting a filing extension is simple. In fact,
the IRS has expanded the options this year for 
obtaining a filing extension. You can now do it by
phone, computer or mail. 
The traditional way to get an extension is to fill 
out IRS Form 4868, "Application for Automatic
Extension of Time to File U.S. Individual Income 
Tax Return" and mail it to the IRS by the April 16
deadline. If you're using tax-preparation software 
or a tax professional, you can file your extension
request by computer. Or you can phone in your 
extension request by calling 888-796-1074. 
If you owe the IRS money, another option for 
requesting an extension is to make the payment by
credit card (American Express, Discover or 
MasterCard) on the Internet or by phone through one
of the two companies the IRS has authorized for 
processing credit card payments. Details on the
option are included in the Form 4868 instructions. 
By making the extension request, the IRS will 
automatically give you four more months, until Aug.
15, to file your return. 
You can get an extension for any reason. No 
explanation is asked for when requesting an extension. 
But be aware that your extension request only 
gives you extra time to file your return, not to pay
your taxes. To avoid interest and possible penalty 
charges, you must estimate how much you owe
and make the payment with your extension request 
by the April 16 deadline. 
Unable to pay: If you can't afford to pay your tax 
bill, you should at least file an extension request by
the April 16 deadline. 
Though you'll be subject to interest and possible 
penalty charges for late payment of your taxes,
you'll avoid being hit with a late-filing penalty, 
which runs a steep five percent a month (up to a
maximum 25 percent 
Installment plan: If you still don't have the cash 
to pay your taxes by the time your extension runs out
on Aug. 15, you can negotiate with the IRS to pay 
your balance due in monthly installments. You
make the request for an installment agreement when 
you file your completed tax return using Form
9465, "Installment Agreement Request 
"Offer in compromise": If you can't afford to pay 
all you owe in taxes, even in installments over a
period of years, you may be able to work out a 
settlement with the IRS. The IRS recently expanded
its "Offer in Compromise" program, in which 
taxpayers in tough financial situations can offer to settle
for less than they owe. Offers are submitted using 
IRS Form 656, "Offer in Compromise 
A loophole offers an extra month to pay up: If all 
you need is an extra month or so to come up with
the cash to pay your tax bill, there is a way you 
may be able to get a short reprieve without being
subject to interest or penalties. 
All you need do is take the IRS up on its offer to 
calculate your tax bill for you. 
If you're eligible for the offer, fill out your 
tax return, stopping short of computing certain totals, and
send it in by April 16. The IRS will compute your 
tax and send you a bill for any tax owed. If you
pay within 30 days of the notice, you won't be 
assessed any penalties or interest. 
To take advantage of the loophole, your taxable 
income must be less than $100,000 and you can't
itemize deductions. The full list of eligibility 
requirements and step-by-step instructions are contained
in IRS Publication 967, "The IRS Will Figure Your 
Tax 
Retirement account contributions: If you hope to 
contribute to an Individual Retirement Account, the
final deadline for 2000 tax-year contributions is 
April 16, even if you obtain a filing extension. 
The deadline is more flexible for self-employed 
retirement plans. Contributions to Keogh or
Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) plans can be 
made up until the due date of your return, which
can be later than April 16 with a filing 
extension. 
Estimated tax deadline: For self-employed workers 
and other individuals who need to make
quarterly estimated tax payments to the IRS, April 
16 also is the deadline for making the first
installment for 2001. 
Too Funny!
No problem really-  Glad I could help
 > Fishing Trip
 > A young guy from Texas moves to California and goes to a big department
 > store looking for a job.  The manager says, "Do you have any sales
 > experience?"    > > The kid says, "Yeah, I was a salesman back home in Texas."
 > Well, the boss liked the kid, so he gave him the job. "You start
tomorrow.
 > I'll come down after we close and see how you did > > His first day on the job was rough but he got through it. After the
store
 > was locked up, the boss came down. "How many sales did you make today?"
 > The kid says, "One." The boss says, "Just one? Our sales people average
20
 > or 30 sales a day. How much was the sale for?"    > > says, "$101,237.64."  Boss says, "$101,237.64? What did you sell him?"
 > Kid says, "First I sold him a small fish hook. Then I sold him a medium
 > fish hook. Then I sold him a larger fish hook. Then I sold him a new
 > fishing rod. Then I asked him where he was going fishing, and he said
down
 > at the coast, so I told him he was gonna need a boat, so we went down to
 > the boat department, and I sold him that twin engine Chris Craft. Then
he
 > said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down
to
 > the automotive department and sold him that 4X4 Blazer."
 > The boss said, "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a
 > boat and truck?"
 > Kid says, "No, he came in here to buy a box of tampons for his wife, and
I
 > said, 'Well, since your weekend's shot, you might as well go fishing   
I am out of town on monday and tuesday i am off (vacation day)   wednesday 
kenny is hunting so yea right now i can only go thursday .  But this is silly 
you and I and susan can get together the week after... Visit wtih your out of 
town friend.
Dear Sandra and Kenney,
?
I wanted thank you both for having me over for  dinner on Friday.? I had a 
great time and I  am so glad that I finally got the chance to meet Kenney 
and  Samantha.?
?
That Samantha is a doll.? She is certainly a  miniature Sandra.? She has that 
bubbly personality just like her  mom.
?
I look forward to seeing you guys again  soon.
?
I am off for Atlanta first thing Monday  morning ?
Pam
Sandra,
???? The email that you sent me last Thursday has bothered me the entire 
weekend.? That is why I am emailing you from home.? I just want you to know 
my true intention of the email I sent you that day.
???? First and foremost,?I invited you and Kenny out for drinks, or a dinner, 
as friends.? I repeat,?"as friends" and nothing more.? I said in that email 
that business does not have to be discussed and?I meant it.? As far as 
the?Enron/Natsource?"deal" that you are talking about.....it had nothing to 
do with the email I sent you.? As far as I know, that "deal" has been in the 
works since September/October between Jack Cogan and Andy Zipper.? So I want 
it to be clear to you that the "deal" had nothing to do with me sending you 
that email.
???? As a matter of fact, the reason why I sent you that email and invited 
you out was because of the last time we spoke.? Remember when I instant 
messaged you?? The reason why I approached you that way was because I thought 
we were close enough friends that I could.? As?I found out, I was wrong However, when I spoke to you that day, on the phone, and asked if I could ask 
you out in the future ( when?I come to Houston).....you said I could.? I have 
planned to come down for weeks.? Even though you choose to not deal with 
Natsource, I still considered you a?friend and thought it would be 
appropriate to ask you out.....and so?I did.
???? As you know, I take things to heart.? I was really upset with 
the?response I got from you.? I am emailing you from home because it bothered 
me so much that I needed to make sure you understood my true intentions.? I 
hope I have done that.
???? Finally, I just want to say that I will not bother you again.? I just 
want you to know that?I have always tried to do the right thing.? I feel as 
though you are questioning everything I say or do and that you believe there 
are?ulterior motives behind my actions.....and it just isn't true!??With 
that, I wish nothing but good things for you and your family.
?
???? good bye,
???????????????? Ray?
Please sign me up for a space in the new garage.
Ray Russin  i have no idea what you are talking about so i'll take this as a no.  like i
said, it was more or less to see each other.......not business.
Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this
time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide
we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to
amaze me.
i am confused---i thought you guys are coming over friday evening for dinner
Well Ray as you might as well have guessed your timing does suck.  All this 
time has gone by and the day Enron does a "deal" with Natsource, you decide 
we should have a drink and share a meal.  You guys will never cease to amaze 
me.
THOUGHT YOU WOULD APPRECIATE MY SITUATION HERE.   NOW YOU TELL ME - HE IS NOT 
MY FRIEND HE IS BROKERING ME FOR MY BUSINESS.  HE DID THIS NOW BECAUSE OF THE 
ENRON NATSOUCE DEAL.  RIGHT?   PLEASE BE HONEST - I TRUST YOU
Ray Russin