Hello Susan - Happy New Year - I hope all is well with you and yours.
The best of luck getting organized 
The Brawner's
15911 Marwick Ct
Houston, Tx 77095
home   281-855-8797
sandra cell  713-594-7369
kenny cell    281-381-7288
scott phone numbers are 853-4723   and i guess his email is scott neal enron .com?  - good luck - love ya
I AM LOL - GAS OR TERDS  0 OKAY OKAY - I AM SORRY - I DIDNT KNOW THAT YOU 
WOULD CONSIDER TRADING PHYSICAL
THEN YES I THINK YOU SHOULD CALL SCOTT
i think part of the problem is only physical jobs are available at enron 
running your own book is something they just dont hire outside the office 
very often.
of course this is the gas side only
hi
just got to my emails - i will call yo on my way home tonight
Jeff,
Just a quick note to say "thank you" for your comments at year end.  I 
sincerely appreciated your comments and support.
I hope your Holidays were safe, healthy, and happy.  Say when am I going to 
see that new home of yours?  You know it is hard to continue to live 
vicariously through you if I don't know what to picture 
Sandra
Thanks - I love you
A Merry Christmas wish to you and yours.  I still miss you much Bill.  Have 
a safe and warm Holiday.
A Woman's  Dictionary??
Airhead (er*hed) n.
What a woman intentionally becomes when pulled over by a  policeman.
Argument (ar*gyou*ment) n.
A discussion that occurs when you're right but he just hasn't  realized it 
yet.
Balance the checkbook (bal*ens da chek*buk)  v.
To go to the cash machine and hit  "inquire".
Bar-be-que (bar*bi*q) n.
You bought the groceries, washed the lettuce, chopped the  tomatoes, diced 
the onions, marinated the meat, cleaned everything up, but  he "made the 
dinner".
Blonde jokes (blond joks) n.
Jokes that are short so men can understand them.
Cantaloupe (kant*e*lope) n.
Gotta get married in a church.
Childbirth (child*brth) n.
You get to go through 36 hours of contractions; he gets to hold  your hand 
and say, "Focus...breath...push...Good Girl!"
Diet Soda (dy*it so*da) n.
A drink you buy at a convenience store to go with a pound of  M&M chocolate 
covered peanuts.
Eternity (e*ter*ni*tee) n.
The last two minutes of a football game.
Exercise (ex*er*siz) v.
To walk up and down a mall, occasionally resting to make a  purchase.
Hair Dresser (hare dres*er) n.
Someone, who is able to create a style, you will never be able  to duplicate 
again. See also "Magician".
Lipstick (lip*stik) n.
On your lips, coloring to enhance the beauty of your mouth. On  his collar, 
coloring only a tramp would wear.
Valentine's Day (val*en*tinez dae)  n.
A day ,when you have dreams of a candlelight  dinner, diamonds, and romance, 
but consider yourself lucky to get a  card.
Waterproof Mascara (wah*tr*pruf mas*kar*ah)  n.
Comes off if you cry, shower, or swim, but  will not come off if you try to 
remove it.
Zillion (zil*yen) n.
The  number of times you ask someone to take out the trash, then end up 
doing  it yourself anyway 	
- spacer.gif
Thanks Tami - I wish I could make it.  You gals have fun .  Send my regrets 
to everyone.
Thank you for the message - i need it today .  It is 2:35 and i am exhausted 
- i need a cig and a beer.  I love you.
Sandra
??
I do not understand what this message is for and why i am receiving  it.
I have no idea what this means. Please explain.
Of course - come by and collect - I dont have my checkbook but you can put me 
down for a $25.00 donation
We  can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the 
hilton in Austin?    Call me today when you get a minute
Susan, 
We had the best time.  Good friends, great experiences, weather , etc.  Now 
we all want to move to  Denver.  I am glad that Bens outfit worked out so 
well.
I thought it was cute and I could picture him wearing it when I purchased 
it.  So are you still planning the retreat weekend?  I am soooo 
jealous.  I would love to go but as I said I can not justify the expense Any consideration to something a little more modestly priced?  Do you already 
have the plans made Call me or write me back.   Hey - I am getting more and more excited about 
NYC.
Sorry I missed the meeting . I just now am reading my E-Mail messages form 
yesterday and today.
Hello.  I dont understnd your response?  Are you talking about the retreat?
sounds great - but i am too conservative.  That is alot of $$ for three 
days.  And it is close to x-mas.   Sorry - maybe later in the year?
I had a nice time at Bens party.  Thank you for being you.
i dont get it
Steve - will you call me, when you get a moment>
Steve,
My opinion of your organization and the way they chose to handle themselves 
in a stressful situation, is such that I prefer not to have any business 
dealings with anyone in the entire organization.  I am sure that Matt and 
Darryl are good people and good brokers.  The bottom line is ( I do not 
believe you are getting)  that I do not want to, and do not plan to do 
business with Natsourse today or in the future.
I have received your E-Mail 
Steve, 
I have likewise done alot of reflecting about our dinner and the events that 
followed.  As of now I have no plans to do business with Natsourse.  You need 
to also be aware that this will include Gulf Coast Basis and Gas Dailys.
Thank You
I have received your e-mail.  Thank you for your thoughts.
I have received your E-Mail.
Great!  I am glad that your trip is postponed - then we will be able to get 
together.  Call me or write when you get thoses details.
Looking forward to your visit.
Sandra
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you .  My mom had some surgery last 
week and I was in and out of the office.  Thursday the 21st is not good for 
me.
Kenny is going hunting (birds)  and I will need to be available for the 
children.  Let me know if there is another evening that will work>
This is the only answer -- specifically for us "sad" individuals.  Love ya MW