--
Hoyt H. Thomas
713.668.3122
David,
Hello, I hope all is well with you.  I was out last week on holiday and am 
just now getting back into the swing of things.
Alan and I have spoken about your contract, and I am getting in touch with 
the CU lawyers to work on an appropriate form for Australia.  I will be keep 
you apprised of the status.
Have a good weekend.
Michelle
Privileged and Confidential
Felicia,
Would you please run a disparate impact analysis for the proposed stock 
options to be granted within Enron Net Works?  I would like this data for the 
purpose of giving legal advice.
Thank you.
Michelle
Dear Mr. Catanzariti:
My name is Michelle Hoogendam Cash, Assistant General Counsel-Enron North 
America Corp.  I was referred to you by David Minns in the Enron Australia 
office. I am attaching a copy of our Employment Agreement Form for your 
review in light of Australian law.  Please review this form and provide me 
with any comments that you may have.
Thank you for your assistance in this matter.
If you have any questions, please give me a call at (713) 853-6401.
I agree.  Thanks for letting them know about my contact.  I emailed them the 
form, so we should be on our way!  Michelle
David Minns@_DEVELOPMENT
08/27/2000 05:42 PM
Thanks for the update - I've spoken to CU and they are expecting to hear from 
you. Apart from a personal interest I would like to get an Australian version 
of the Enron employment contract as a precedent 
Michelle Cash@ECT
26-08-2000 04:18
David,
Hello, I hope all is well with you.  I was out last week on holiday and am 
just now getting back into the swing of things.
Alan and I have spoken about your contract, and I am getting in touch with 
the CU lawyers to work on an appropriate form for Australia.  I will be keep 
you apprised of the status.
Have a good weekend.
Michelle
David, I did not receive the package in interoffice mail.  Could you email it 
to me or re-send it by fax at 646-3490?  Thanks!  Michelle
Did you receive my interoffice mail?  It had an example of the contract 
Bridgeline wants to create for Risk.
Dave
Hoyt,
Under the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act, we must provide demographic 
information to persons over the age of 40 who are offered severance packages 
in exchange for a release.  We need the title/position and the age of the 
persons holding those positions for the persons who were offered a package as 
well as the persons who were not offered a package.  We will provide this 
data to persons over 40 to validate their releases.
Thanks.
Michelle
Attached is an Agreement and Release Form that Michelle would like for you to 
review.  She is on the phone with you now regarding this attachment.
Brian, 
Pat Mackin requested that I forward this on to you.   I think he has a good 
idea here to look at a process for RIF selection.  Currently, it is done on 
an ad-hoc basis, with plans being prepared for each situation 
Pat, do you still have a copy of the one you prepared a while back?  It would 
be an excellent start.
Thanks.
Michelle
FMackin@aol.com on 08/29/2000 12:34:12 PM
Document attached
- RIF Willrich m1.doc
Sheryl, sorry, I had the wrong email address.  Here is the resend.  Michelle
Mailer-Daemon@bracepatt.com on 08/29/2000 04:02:42 PM
The message that you sent was undeliverable to the following:
cgussett@bracepatt.com (user not found)
Possibly truncated original message follows:
16:02:16 -0500
16:04:30 2000 -0500
X-Proxy: keymaster.bracepatt.com protected
Tue, 29 Aug 2000 16:00:17 -0500 (CDT)
29 Aug 2000 16:00:17 -0500 (CDT)
16:00:09 -0500 (CDT)
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ECT
Hello everyone!!
Well, no one is celebrating anything specific, so we haven't had an 
opportunity
for the girls to get together in a while.  Therefore, we have decided to have 
a
NO Excuses Girls Night.
The proposed date is Friday, Sept. 29 -- Are there any major conflicts with 
this
date?
Proposed place is to be determined.  Debbie Rank suggested that a restaurant
would be the easiest.  I offered to have it at my house, but she was concerned
that I would get stuck doing too much and spending too much.  My thought is 
that
if everyone agrees to chip in a bit, we can have it catered, and no one will
I hadn't heard about Alex's offer. That is great!!  He is such a nice guy I'll send details on hen night later.  Michelle
Michelle, consider me a "yes." Sounds like fun.  Also, thanks for Alex
Juden's resume; we extended him an offer.
Hey Cash--I AM going to chicken out of the Lasex surgery--put me down as a
yes.
>> "Michelle Blaine Great idea!! I should be in town because I will be moving on the 30th into
my
new place at the Houstonian. Yippee!!!  Having said that, we'll have the
Christmas bash at my place.
Michelle Cash@ECT
08/29/2000 03:59 PM
Hello everyone!!
Well, no one is celebrating anything specific, so we haven't had an
opportunity
for the girls to get together in a while.  Therefore, we have decided to
have a
NO Excuses Girls Night.
The proposed date is Friday, Sept. 29 -- Are there any major conflicts with
this
date?
Proposed place is to be determined.  Debbie Rank suggested that a restaurant
would be the easiest.  I offered to have it at my house, but she was
concerned
that I would get stuck doing too much and spending too much.  My thought is
that
if everyone agrees to chip in a bit, we can have it catered, and no one will
have to do too much or pay too much.  What do you think about that?
If you are interested, let me know.
Also, this first email is limited to those persons for whom I had email
addresses.  Many others should be added to this list, including:  Mary
Thamm,
Lisa Anouilh, Deanne Noel, Tamberly Thomas, and others whom I am sure to
have
forgotten.  Please forward this on and have everyone get back to me if they
can
attend or have a different suggestion.
My email is:  michelle.cash@.  Phone number 713-853-6401.  More
details
to come 
Michelle
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
please print this and attachment for me.  thanks.  mhc
Attached is the updated timeline.  Please be aware that the original timeline 
has been shortened as a result of the need to present this transaction at the 
October 6/7 ENE board meeting.  Please call me at x37590 with any questions 
or concerns.
Thanks-
Bill
Here are the latest!!!  Michelle
Trey Cash@
09/04/2000 10:20 PM
fyi re:  Lutz.  mhc
Cynthia Barrow@
09/06/2000 06:53 AM
Michelle, looks good.  I don't know the details of this one, but if you get 
the Buyer to agree it is very generous for the employee.  Regarding Pension 
Plan, if you get Dee the list of employees, we can get an idea of the 
unvested amounts by employee.  Since this appears to be an asset sale, Enron 
can either pay this outside of the plan or consider it forfeited.
Thanks
Cb
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/05/2000 08:07 PM
Tim,
Anne Koehler asked me to provide general employment terms for Project Triple 
Lutz.  I have spoken with persons in HR and benefits and have put together 
the following "headlines" for employee matters.  This list is a first cut, 
based upon my discussions with persons I could reach today; thus, it may not 
be exhaustive.  Details of certain issues, as described below, will have to 
be worked out.
Of course, your team may choose to modify/delete items from this list, 
depending on the exact nature of the deal.  In the interest of time, however, 
I am sending this list to our lawyers at V&E to begin drafting the employee 
provisions of the sale agreement, which I understand you would like to see on 
Thursday.  Any modifications based upon your team's comments should not be 
difficult.
The employment provisions may include:
Buyer will hire all employees identified by Seller.
The hired employees will have a title that is at least the same/equivalent as 
their title at Enron for a two-year period after closing.
Buyer will give all hired employees credit for years of service at Enron for 
purposes of participation in Buyer's benefits (though not accruals), thus 
allowing the hired employees to have immediate participation in Buyer's 
benefit and compensation plans (e.g., 401k, vacation eligibility, etc The hired employees will be paid, at a minimum, the same base salary they 
earned at Enron (which would include the merit increase for 2001) for a 
two-year period after closing.
The hired employees will receive the same level of total cash compensation as 
their last year of Enron employment for one full year after closing (the 
buyer can make this happen through base salary, bonus, etc The hired employees will receive benefits (e.g., health insurance, life 
insurance, etc.) that are comparable to those they had in their last year of 
employment with Enron (although we probably will have some discussions over 
our sick leave policy, which is generous).
Buyer will retain severance benefits at Seller's level for one year after 
closing, after which the hired employees will be eligible for severance under 
the Buyer's plans (with credited service).
Before Buyer terminates the employment of a hired employee (other than for 
cause -- to be defined), Buyer shall inform Seller, which will have the right 
to re-employ the employee at Enron, with credited service.
For employees with less than 5 years of service, some concession for unvested 
portion of Cash Balance Plan may be necessary.
Open issues/questions include:
Equity:  What is to be done with unvested equity?  For example, in December, 
every Enron employee will be granted stock options worth 25% of their base 
salary (based on the Black-Scholes valuation).  Also, persons with other 
equity grants may forfeit those grants upon closing.  An evaluation of the 
various plans and participants will be necessary to determine exactly where 
any issues exist, as well as possible resolutions of those issues.  In light 
of the appreciation in Enron's stock, this equity issue may be significant.
Pension:  What will happen to hired employees with potential eligibility 
under Enron's pension plan?
If you have any questions about these issues, please give me a call at x 
3-6401.  If I receive additional feedback, I will let you know.
Thanks.
Michelle
Rick,  It sounds like this may satisfy CURE, but I question whether this is 
an appropriate payment.  I would want to touch base with the lawyers working 
on the deal to find out if there are any implications.  Any other feedback Michelle  
Rick Johnson@
09/05/2000 09:16 PM
Please review and comment on the attached inter-office memorandum, as soon as 
possible.  Thanks Rj
Hoyt -- actually, we need only the New York office -- other locations should 
not be included.  Thanks.  Michelle
Hoyt Thomas@
09/07/2000 08:33 PM
Under the OWBPA or one of the laws similar to it, we have to present 
statistics to the employees over 40 who were offered the package.  Gloria, 
could you pull together two lists: one would have the names, titles and ages 
of everyone offered the package (Mo and the FX guys) and the other list will 
be the names, titles and ages of everyone else in the US in Enron Metals 
(including ST. Louis and Chicago but excluding Los Angeles), the people who 
were not offered it.  I know that we do not have titles for some of the 
Rudolph wolff folks at this time; please try to get their old titles at RW 
from the RW HR guy and we will use them.  We will need to submit this to 
Michelle Cash soon; we have to give that data to Mo before we can finalize 
his package.
Thanks
Hoyt
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/07/2000 10:53 AM
I suggest using the entire New York office as the group.  It really doesn't 
matter because the bulk of the people being offered the packages are under 
40, so our statistics look good either way.  Michelle
Hoyt Thomas@
09/06/2000 06:43 PM
Michelle, you define the NYC office as the group, and not the FX/Bullion 
traders as the group?  would it look better to show a small group, with 
almost all of them terminated, or a big group with only a few terminated?
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/06/2000 05:33 PM
Hoyt,
As we discussed, even though Mo and Penner are not part  of this initial 
round, to be on the safe side, we should provide them with data regarding all 
persons in the group (defined as the New York office) who are provided with a 
release and those who are not.  The data should include age and title of 
persons offered packages, and then a separate list of age and titles of 
persons who are not offered packages.
Once this data is pulled together, I will be happy to review it to ensure 
compliance with the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act, as the DOL has 
interpreted it.
Thanks.
Michelle
Thanks,  I'll be there.  Michelle
Mark Greenberg@
12/05/2000 11:05 AM
Michelle -
The meeting is scheduled for today at 4:00 in EB38C1.  Rick will be calling 
in to the meeting.
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
Michelle Cash@ECT
12/04/2000 09:52 PM
Mark, If this hasn't already taken place, I'd like to participate.  My 
assistant, Twanda Sweet, should have my calendar.  Also, FYI, Rick JOhnson  
will be in town at the end of the week if you want a face-to-face.  MHC
Mark Greenberg@
12/03/2000 01:11 PM
Dee, Jeff, Rick -
I need to set up a meeting between the benefit group and the tax people to 
walk through the structure we want for the purchase of Project Crane.  We 
made a good bit of progress in Toronto over Thursday and Friday on the tax 
structure, but clearly indicated the need to confirm all of this in relation 
to benefit issues.  I would like to have the meeting on Monday sometime, but 
need to coordinate schedules.  As soon as possible, please advise me of your 
respective availabilities so that a meeting can be scheduled, keeping in mind 
the need to have Rick involved.
Thanks.
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
FYI re:  Crane.  Michelle
FMackin@aol.com on 09/08/2000 09:50:51 AM
Attached is my preliminary report based on the information in the data room.
There was not near enough information in the data room, and for the second
time, there was no one from the Seller present at the data room who we could
ask questions of.
There are a couple of areas of concern.  There is still a lot of data to be
furnished.  Much of the documents in the data room was not allowed to be
copied.
I have instructed Paul Blundy, the  attorney contact for our Canadian counsel
to have documents sent to Rick.
Rick, as you receive data that involves benefits, please send it to Dee.
I provided a copy of our Q format to Roland, our Canadian labor counsel, to
format and revise as need to fit the Canadian companies being acquired.  He
seemed to be knowledgeable in labor relations, but will need actuarial help
(as will we) in reviewing the benefit accruals for defined benefit plans.
For the next two weeks, I will have my beeper and will check my phone
messages as I find telephones in the wilderness.
I also provided a hard copy of the attachment to the Enron deal guys before I
left Toronto.
Pat
- Crane DDlgnce Q1.doc
FYI re:  Crane
FMackin@aol.com on 09/08/2000 09:50:51 AM
Attached is my preliminary report based on the information in the data room.
There was not near enough information in the data room, and for the second
time, there was no one from the Seller present at the data room who we could
ask questions of.
There are a couple of areas of concern.  There is still a lot of data to be
furnished.  Much of the documents in the data room was not allowed to be
copied.
I have instructed Paul Blundy, the  attorney contact for our Canadian counsel
to have documents sent to Rick.
Rick, as you receive data that involves benefits, please send it to Dee.
I provided a copy of our Q format to Roland, our Canadian labor counsel, to
format and revise as need to fit the Canadian companies being acquired.  He
seemed to be knowledgeable in labor relations, but will need actuarial help
(as will we) in reviewing the benefit accruals for defined benefit plans.
For the next two weeks, I will have my beeper and will check my phone
messages as I find telephones in the wilderness.
I also provided a hard copy of the attachment to the Enron deal guys before I
left Toronto.
Pat
- Crane DDlgnce Q1.doc
Hello, girls.
If Stacey can do it, so can I!  Here are the latest pictures of Cameron These were taken right before the Baptism of my sister's third (can you 
believe it??) child, so he is all dressed up.
I hope all is well with everyone.
Love, Michelle
Trey Cash@
09/04/2000 10:20 PM
Andrea,
Brian and I were talking about the dissemination of this policy.  It seems as 
if it should come from your group and go out globally.  What do you think?
Michelle
Michelle Cash
09/06/2000 11:43 AM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet
Attached is a revised draft of the Employee Data Protection Policy, which is 
required because of directives by the European Union.
Please provide me with any questions or comments on this policy.
I would appreciate any comments by Monday, September 11, 2000 so that this 
policy can be rolled out quickly.
Thank you.
Michelle Cash
Hoyt, Here is a privileged and confidential legal memorandum regarding the 
Garden State modification of operations.  Let's discuss these issues tomorrow 
or Friday.  Michelle
cpage@phks.com on 09/20/2000 01:04:55 PM
Pat McCarthy asked me to forward the enclosed memo.
- dhvg01!.DOC
Please see the note below, which was forwarded to me by Richard Sanders, on 
Triple Lutz.  Michelle
In case someone calls
Patrick Wade
09/19/2000 03:41 PM
As the data room visits wind down, we have had several requests both 
internally and externally to provide greater detail on a variety of issues IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT ANY ANSWERS TO THESE QUESTIONS, EITHER IN WRITTEN, 
ORAL, OR SPREADSHEET ANALYSIS, GOES TO ME BEFORE IT GOES OUT TO THE 
COUNTERPARTY.  IN ADDITION, ALL CONTACT MUST BE THROUGH LEHMAN BROTHERS. This 
will ensure that we get the counterparty accurate information in a timely 
fashion.  Please call me if you have any questions (3-6396).
Thanks
Patrick
CPage:  Would you please forward this directly to Pat?
Pat, For your information, Chris Tomko has resigned from GSP.  GSP has hired 
a consultant, Hoyt Thomas (who has been working as an Enron HR consultant for 
a few weeks), to handle interim HR responsibilities until GSP hires a new HR 
person.  I suspect that you will be involved in a lot of advice/counselling 
in the next few weeks as this transition occurs.  If you are available on 
Friday, I would like to have a phone introduction of you and Hoyt.   Would 
you please call my assistant, Twanda Sweet, at 713-853-6401, to let her know 
your availability so that she can set up a conference call?  Thanks a lot.
Twanda, would you please set this up when Pat calls?
Michelle
cpage@phks.com on 09/20/2000 01:04:55 PM
Pat McCarthy asked me to forward the enclosed memo.
- dhvg01!.DOC
great, Andrea, shall we discuss rollout asap?  Thanks!!  Michelle
Brian Schaffer@
09/18/2000 09:55 AM
I'm comfortable with this approach.
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/18/2000 01:13 AM
Andrea, 
I don't think we need a certification.  I suggest an email mailout, with the 
policy residing on the hr web site.  It would be a good idea to place a link 
to the policy on all pages that involve HR data, such as PEP, comp data base, 
SAP HR, etc.
Brian, what do you think?
Michelle
Andrea Yowman@
09/17/2000 04:21 PM
Do you need any type of certification that the employee has read and accepts 
like the "Certificate of Compliance"?  Can we put it on the front page of 
ehronline and HROL?  Should this just be an email mailout?  Should this 
reside on the hrwebsite?
Michelle Cash@ECT
09/15/2000 03:08 PM
Andrea,
Brian and I were talking about the dissemination of this policy.  It seems as 
if it should come from your group and go out globally.  What do you think?
Michelle
Michelle Cash
09/06/2000 11:43 AM
Sent by: Twanda Sweet
Attached is a revised draft of the Employee Data Protection Policy, which is 
required because of directives by the European Union.
Please provide me with any questions or comments on this policy.
I would appreciate any comments by Monday, September 11, 2000 so that this 
policy can be rolled out quickly.
Thank you.
Michelle Cash
Roberto, 
These are good questions, and, in fact, are ones to which I am not certain of 
the answer (at least for #2).  Let's get together next week to discuss the 
specifics of how this program works and then determine the issues.
Twanda, would you please set up this meeting for me?
Thanks.  Michelle
Roberto Deleon@
09/21/2000 02:18 PM
Enron will be implementing the Mailsweeper software shortly.  This 
application is primarily designed for email scanning/content filtering.  We 
have the following outstanding issue that need to be addressed before this 
application goes into production.
1. Legal disclaimer for out going mail.  (Propose verbiage listed below)
IMPORTANT: THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT A BINDING CONTRACT. ENRON DOES NOT CREATE ANY 
CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS BY TRANSMISSION OF THIS EMAIL.  THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED 
ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS ADDRESSED, AND 
MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL, AND EXEMPT FROM 
DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.  IF THE READER OF THIS MESSAGE IS NOT THE 
INTENDED RECIPIENT OR THE EMPLOYEE OR AGENT RESPONSIBLE FOR DELIVERING THE 
MESSAGE TO THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT ANY 
DISCLOSURE, DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION, OR COPYING OF THE COMMUNICATION IS 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED.  IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS EMAIL TRANSMISSION IN ERROR, 
PLEASE IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY THE SENDER BY TELEPHONE SO THAT WE CAN ARRANGE FOR 
ITS RETURN 
2. Under the new setup, all out-going mail (including remote sites i.e 
London) will be routed through Houston, processed through Mailsweeper and 
then sent to its final destination.  How can be sure that we are not in 
violation of a foreign country's privacy laws?
Your comments on these issue is greatly appreciated.
,
Roberto DeLeon
Bob, there also are legal issues to address, so I appreciate your keeping me 
in the loop as this evolves.  Thanks.  Michelle
Molly, add her to the list for Carlos.  Also, could you find out who Bonnie 
Nelson has worked for in the past and provide me with that information so 
that we can call and make reference checks?  Thanks a lot.  Michelle
I am interested in Carlos.  I would also like to run some references on 
Bonnie Nelson.
Chuck,
Do we have a rescheduled date for the deposition of the plaintiff?  Given the 
correspondence I've been receiving about rescheduling other depositions, we 
probably should set forth a date in Nov/Dec and get a protective order from 
the court stating that it cannot be rescheduled.  Otherwise, even if we do 
"agree" on dates, there likely would be additional delays.  I am ready to 
hear what this guy has to say about my client.
Let me know your thoughts.  Thanks.
Michelle
Drew, You are right on.  I do have the concerns raised in your prior email, 
but I did not want to commit those to writing.  I have asked to be kept in 
the loop, and will provide that input as needed in a meeting setting Thanks.  Michelle
Ginger, I cannot attend that meeting, as I am in another.  I will be out of 
the office the rest of the week, so check with Twanda Sweet, my assistant, 
for rescheduling options.  Thanks.  Michelle
I also want to be included in this discussion, but I do not want to commit my 
thoughts to writing.  So, count me in.  Michelle
David:
I would characterise my view as "treat the causes not the symptoms Bottomline line, change and innovation are good.  Let's capture the good 
available to us in innovation.
With respect to free radicals, something is missing which creates 
instability, negativity and a highly reactive state.  For this reason, free 
radicals are very "short-lived."   Let's avoid short-lived results.
,
Bob
David Oxley@ECT
09/25/2000 09:24 AM
Gerry,
Would you please organise a gathering or an alternate forum for this 
discussion. Based on the various messages I believe the following have 
expressed an interest in being involved:
Drew Capitalist Lynch
Neil Free market radical Davies
Bruce I couldn't think of a witty reposte Van Cleve
Pam Just the facts Butler
Robbie I'm too busy to reply to your silly emails but include me in the 
debate Jones
Andrea Lets be careful Yowman
Bob Lets be extra careful Sparger
and me.......so far.
Now for this weeks debate...................................."I propose no 
Commercial staff may or can move between Op Co's until January or February, 
unless the poaching Op Co OTC has approached the sponsoring Op Co OTC in 
advance of contacting the employee and the move is subsequently sanctioned by 
the Exec Committee".
David
Bruce Van Cleve@EES
09/25/2000 07:43 AM
HR folks, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Adam Smith, Karl Marx, etc.:
I too would like to be involved in this discussion.  I would comment that I 
support any type of broad band structure vs. a "Hay type" system.  Having 
been part of organizations having various types of both, payment, movement 
and placement of people is simply, much easier with broad banding in a 
relatively flat organization.
Bruce
David Oxley@ECT
09/22/2000 08:12 AM
OK. Great. 
However, in our laudable desire to be practical and enter this debate 
understanding some of the undisputed challenges a radical approach might 
present, LETS NOT KILL RADICAL THOUGHT OR IDEAS PLEASE! At least initially 
lets get all the opinions out there before we place any limits or timeframes 
or qualifications.
David (It's revolution - far out 
David:
Would love to be involved in this as a view of process and change 
opportunity 
We do not want to react to, and treat, the symptoms (number of absolute 
categories), without full consideration of the root cause and setting a plan 
to address it.  The real change issue as I see it is job description and 
"position" classification.   The real project is to rationalise the job 
structures within Enron - simplify wherever possible.  Target a cut from 24 
categories to say 12.  This impacts not only the PRC, but how we look at 
compensation across the levels, function performed (e.g., commercial, 
commercial support, technical) and specialization areas (e.g.,  legal, 
accounting, IT, engineering, HR, etc.)
With respect to current yearend PRC, it is hard to change the agreed process 
midstream.  It is doable if we can show where/how certain of the categories 
are "equivalent" and should be considered together.   Only caveat is to 
ensure we do not render the root cause untreatable by addressing symptoms.
Tim / Gerry:
How would you like to approach this?  Two key groups we need to link in are 
Compensation (Mary Joyce, Pam Butler) and PRC (Gina Corteselli, Andrea 
Yowman).  Let talk early next week.
,
Bob
David Oxley@ECT
09/21/2000 02:49 PM
Tim/Gerry/Bob,
Would you facilitate this discussion?
David
Neil Davies@
09/21/2000 02:41 PM
Commie and Capitalist 
It seems to me that both ideas and philosophies have merits - it is all down 
to how you assign value to roles - in ENA commercial deal making function 
this is very easy to do - how much they profit they generate - grade has very 
little place in this world.
In other areas it is harder and grading provides a methodology (far from 
perfect) for grouping and providing structure around a set of skills and how 
they are valued in the organisation. To lose them without providing some 
other method of measuring value e.g. a more robust PRC process, would run the 
risk of making a sometimes too subjective process even more subjective.
Give me a small number of loose grades anytime. So we should aim for nearer 
to 8/9 and head away from the 24 - having 7 levels for admins does smack of 
bureacracy.
Would be interested to be involved in looking at this
Neil
(free market radical)
Drew C Lynch@ECT
09/21/2000 11:41 AM
David,
Obviously I missed this meeting, but Scott has been good enough to fill in 
some of the details for me. In concept I agree that less levels is better, 
but I am not sure that we can get it down to 5. The process does warrant 
further discussion and I would like to be included.
DCL (Capitalist)
David Oxley
21/09/2000 17:22
I'm disappointed that we haven't followed up on the conversation we had a few 
weeks ago relating to the 24 hierarchical levels we apparently preside over 
here at Enron.
My view remains we should have a strong ambition to significantly reduce and 
simplify the current grade structures. Far from adding additional levels a 
fundamental analysis should be made of the need for any more than 5 from top 
to bottom. In this regard I would lay down the following challenge for your 
comments: why would the following structure not work better in promoting a 
flat, entrepreneurial, open, fast paced organisation, while also 
significantly reducing the bureaucracy:
Number of PRC levels Commercial   Support/Technical   Key
1    MD/VP    Same     Collapse 2
2    Deal Makers    Management    Collapse 3
3    A&A's    Specialists/Consultants/Professionals Collapse 3/5
4    Admin (non- Exempt)  Same     Collapse 7!
David (Commie) Oxley
Andrea,
I am supposed to follow up and work on our action plan for data integrity However, I know that you are going to meet with David/Robert on the whole 
concept and that you proposed a work around for the near term after our 
sessions.  It appears as if our action plans will depend on the results of 
that meeting 
I will be out of the office on Wed-Friday on business.  It looks like our 
action plan revisions are due on Friday (but, if necessary, I'll ask for an 
extension because of my travel).  In the meantime, you can meet with 
David/Robert and begin to look at revamping our prior efforts.
Alternatively, you can reconvene the group and work on revising action plans 
without me.  (I am not sure how helpful I am in any event).  What do you 
think 
Michelle
PS, do we need to include Don in our group?
TWanda, please print for me, including attachments.  Thanks.  Michelle
Rick Johnson@
09/25/2000 02:48 PM
Michelle, Attached are the summary reports and tasking letter that I had 
compiled for Falcon,  Peter indicarted that the due diligence and internal 
review was being strickly limited, since he is now sharing info with you, I 
wanted you to have the stuff I have commented on.  Rj  
fyi.  mhc
Leah Smith  2000 EEO-1 Surveys Deadline Extended
September 25, 2000
The Joint Reporting Commission  of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC) has extended the deadline for employers to file their
2000 EEO-1 Surveys from September 30, 2000 to October 30, 2000. Private
employers with 100 or more employees and federal contractors with 50 or
more employees and contracts of $50,000 or more, are required to file
an EEO-1 report.
The EEOC has recently completed its mail-out of EEO-1 forms, so keep checking
your mail - it should be on its way!  If October 15th rolls around and
you have not yet received your survey, you may call the Joint Reporting
Committee at (757) 461-1213, or log on to www.mimdms.com, to request a
copy.
If you would like more information on this issue, please contact Kelly
Killian Satel at (210) 299-3590 or 1-800-597-1166.
I would suggest working through Sheila Knudsen and the Compensation Council 
to get this done Enron-wide.  Let me know if that isn't successful.  Thanks. 
Michelle
What is your suggestion regarding disseminating the message to all other 
Enron Companies that part-time employees from the staff level on up (all 
exempt positions) should be paid on a salaried basis?   I could use your 
input on this.    I called Brian Schaeffer approx. 1 month ago and he said he 
was aware of the situation and that changes were going to be made but, I've 
not heard anything about how the message is being communicated to other Enron 
companies. 
No, just hold on -- we're waiting for final settlement documents from 
Reliant, with the Ajello release.  Michelle
Hi Michelle...just a note; I haven't heard anything about the settlement,
and have neither sent nor received a dismissal order. Is this ball in my
court? Let me know.
,
Bill
tweanda, please print this and save as a form.  Then, put the print out in 
the Merger, Acquisition, and Divestitures Notebook on myu credenza-- just 
stick it inside there.  Thanks.  MHc
Dolores Lenfest@
08/22/2000 07:22 PM
Bill,
Here's my standard diligence check list.
Thanks,
Dee
Michelle Cash@ECT
08/22/2000 05:53 PM
Dee, could you please forward to him your standard list?  Thanks a lot Michelle
Michelle:
Attached is the DD list provided by RAC - please let me know if you would 
like the team to request additional information from Ahlstrom during our 
visit on Thursday and Friday.  If you could send me this info before I leave 
Wednesday at 10:30, I would appreciate it.
I will send you copies of the plant O&M agreements over the next few days.
Thanks-
Bill
no, hold all of them until I speak with him -- we've obviously got a lot of 
interest!  Michelle
I'll wait to hear from you for all interviews for him--or did you want me to 
go ahead and schedule him with Barbara anyway?
Michelle Cash
12/05/2000 11:00 AM
Here are others who want to interview Carlos.  I tell you what -- before you 
schedule any of these, let me talk with Carlos first to see where his 
interests lie.  Keep these names, and I'll keep you posted on who to schedule 
with him.  Thanks.  Michelle
Alan Aronowitz
12/05/2000 10:46 AM
Dan Rogers and I would each like to meet with Carlos for a potential position 
with EGM. Could you arrange?
Alan
Michelle Cash
12/04/2000 10:04 PM
Attached is the resume of Carlos Sole, who currently is working for EECC.  He 
is interested in pursuing opportunities within EWS, and we received excellent 
references about his work performance from John Schwartzenburg and Kay Mann I am meeting with him on Friday of this week (he is out of town until then If you have an interest in talking with him, let me know, and I will arrange 
a meeting.
Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle, per my voicemail as I indicated, I am trying to pursue what 
opportunities may be available at EWS and both Julia Murray and Kay Mann 
recommended that I contact you.  As background, I have been at EECC since 
October last year where I have focused on traditional EPC contracts and joint 
venture agreements with construction partners, cross-border financing 
agreements principally in Mexico and merger and acquisition/strategic 
investment transactions.  Before coming to Enron, I worked with the Houston 
office of a New York based firm (Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle)  where 
I focused mostly on transactions in Mexico since we represented Pemex on 
their transactions involving long and short term oil supply agreements and 
CFE (Mexico's electricity commission) on its public bids for EPC and IPP 
projects.  Lastly, I started my legal career in 1994 at Patton Boggs in 
Washington, DC where I focused on general domestic corporate transactions 
such as establishing new business entities (ie, joint venture work, 
partnerships etc.), m & a work, and securities offerings.  Thanks for your 
consideration and I look forward to talking with you when you return from 
vacation (my extension is 6-6127 
Amy, this looks fine, except I would delete the provision about exceptions, 
because there really are none!  Thanks.  Michelle
Amy FitzPatrick
09/28/2000 05:09 PM
Michelle -
Can you have a look at the attached compliance form and let me know if this 
is OK to send out to all employees with a copy of the policy?
This goes back a while - sorry for the delay.
Thanks!
Amy
Here are comments from Tom Moore regarding the proposed Services Agreement I will circulate the draft SSD this week.  As always, I welcome additional 
feedback from the user groups 
Michelle
Tom O Moore@
10/02/2000 01:15 PM
Michelle,
I have reviewed the document and offer the following items for your 
consideration:
1.  Should we include the standard "affiliate" language for clarity and to 
maximize our flexibility?
2.  Can you tell me the basic differences between the PWD and SSD?
3.  Do we want to impose the Enron Code of Ethics referred to in para. 3a Performance Standards?
4.  I personally believe that we should delete reference to the "Staffing 
Service Fee" in para. 4b and the "Liquidation                Table" in para. 
4c.  These type of fees/factors are subject to many outside influences and 
can fluctuate considerably with the marketplace.  I think that we may lose 
some negotiations leverage by locking any such rates in the basic contract Those kind of issues can still be worked on a case by case basis and 
incorporated into the contract by amendment, or possibly, the PWD.
It looks like an efficient document, and it should save some time and effort 
as we progress.  Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Tom Moore
Global Strategic Sourcing
x55552
Michelle Cash@ECT
Sent by: Twanda Sweet@ECT
09/27/2000 03:42 PM
Attached is a draft of the Agreement for Recruiting or Contract Personnel 
Services.  This draft combines the Master Services Agreement, the Agreement 
for Project Services, and the Staffing Services Agreement into a single, 
comprehensive document.
Attached to this, as applicable, will be a Project Work Description ("PWD and/or a Staffing Services Description ("SSD").  I understand that HR is 
working on a revised PWD.
I will circulate the SSD in the near future.  It will contain a more specific 
description of staffing services (e.g. retained/contingency) as well as pay 
rates.
Please review this draft to determine if it fits your needs.  Feel free to 
throw darts!  Let me know by return email if you have comments or questions I will resolve as many as possible based upon your comments as well as those 
of others in Legal, and circulate a revised draft based upon those comments.
Thank you.
Gerry, this is too cryptic for me -- what was decided?  I'd like to go to the 
next meeting!  Thanks.  Michelle
Gerry Gibson@
10/06/2000 10:56 AM
Hello Folks:
I wanted to quickly follow-up with a note on the Next Steps we agreed to this 
morning. We will distribute the balance of the meeting notes shortly. If I 
missed anything in the translation, please let us know... Thanks, Gerry G.
Key Next Steps            Who / When
Solicit Cindy Olson's help lining up McKinsey Consultant's (Suzanne) 
participation  David O. / 10-6
2. Convene small group that was present this morning and McKinsey      Gerry 
G. / by 10-17
Consultant to further define philosophical direction and a high level snap 
shot
of the new and improved organizational model
3. Present high level model to Cindy. Prepare her to run by Jeff S.     Team 
/ by 10-27
4. Present to Jeff S. - make decision on go or no go       Cindy O by 11-1
5. If decision is a go - convene more comprehensive team meeting to further 
define model  Team by 11-15
and implementation plan
David,  I will have this re-reviewed by Oregon counsel, but it was scrubbed 
about 18-24 months ago as being enforceable.  Thanks.  Michelle
Bill, I had asked Twanda to get a conference call with you and Dana Davis on 
Williams.  I hope that happened . . .   I would like to have a petition ready 
early next week.  It will be lawsuit only, not injunctive relief.
I believe Ajello will be finalized this week.  I sent our signed version to 
Reliant last week, and I hope to have it signed by Ajello soon.  Once that 
happens, we can dismiss.
Thanks.  Michelle
Hi Michelle 
Just a reminder: I've heard nothing further on either the Ajello settlement
or the new matter involving Alonzo Williams.
I'm looking forward to lunch next Tuesday.
Bill
Gina, I am not sure that the "Satisfactory" descriptor is accurate.  "Met" 
expectations probably does not fit the average person's view of a person in 
Satisfactory.  Perhaps "met most, but not all" or something like that would 
be more accurate.
Where are we on the total revamp?  Has that been postponed until next year?
Thanks.  Michelle
Hi Michelle;
I have attached the latest version of the proposed cluster descriptors for 
year end-2000.  We would like to have these reviewed by the VP/MD PRC 
Committee tomorrow , but wanted to ensure that you saw them first.  They 
comprise merely a refinement of the present descriptors, with an effort to 
demonstrating "relativity".  let me know your thoughts, thanks, G  
Davie 
Meets many, but may have some developmen needs works just fine 
I just don't want people to say someone is satisfactory and meets 
requirements when, in fact, there are developmental needs that are obvious 
when compared to persons in strong.
So, I am happy with your proposal (although I suggest that your second 
proposal does not meet the "fairly up" goal).
Cheers.  Mich
David Oxley
10/09/2000 12:34 PM
Mich,
What's middle ground. I would prefer to keep satisfactory wording fairly up. 
This is what caused most concern at mid year in conjunction with our 20% 
guideline for that cluster "We don't feel comfortable putting Joe in here 
given what it says - he really does an OK job".
My orginal pitch was meets many but may have some development needs relative 
to peers, or meets most or exceeds some and sucks in others.
The latter is my personnel favorite.
David
Do you agree Michelle Cash@ECT
10/09/2000 11:31 AM
Gina, I am not sure that the "Satisfactory" descriptor is accurate.  "Met" 
expectations probably does not fit the average person's view of a person in 
Satisfactory.  Perhaps "met most, but not all" or something like that would 
be more accurate.
Where are we on the total revamp?  Has that been postponed until next year?
Thanks.  Michelle
Hi Michelle;
I have attached the latest version of the proposed cluster descriptors for 
year end-2000.  We would like to have these reviewed by the VP/MD PRC 
Committee tomorrow , but wanted to ensure that you saw them first.  They 
comprise merely a refinement of the present descriptors, with an effort to 
demonstrating "relativity".  let me know your thoughts, thanks, G  
I have sent a mark-up of this to Dave.  Let's talk tomorrow around 10:00 Michelle
Fran L Mayes
10/09/2000 01:48 PM
your thoughts
FYI -- Michelle
09/27/2000 03:09 PM
Kriste Sullivan@
Kriste Sullivan@
Kriste Sullivan@
09/27/2000 03:09 PM
09/27/2000 03:09 PM
FYI
In case this issue comes up for you, be advised that in Oregon by statute the 
employer is required to provide a terminated employee access to his or her PH 
file and a certified copy  of the file upon request.  A copy of the statute 
is attached.
Kriste K. Sullivan
Enron Corp. Legal
1400 Smith, EB 4861
Houston, TX  77002
(713) 853-7557
(713) 646-5847 Fax
KSulliv@
O.R.S. o 652.750
1999 OREGON REVISED STATUTES
TITLE 51. LABOR AND INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
CHAPTER 652. HOURS; WAGES; RECORDS
PERSONNEL RECORDS
Current through End of 1999 Reg. Sess.
652.750. Inspection of records by employee; furnishing copy to employee;
disposition of record on termination of employment; charge for copies.
(1) As used in this section:
(a) "Employer" has the meaning for that term provided in > ORS 656.005.
(b) "Personnel records" do not include records of an individual relating to
the conviction, arrest or investigation of conduct constituting a violation of
the criminal laws of this state or another state or the United States,
confidential reports from previous employers or records maintained in
compliance with > ORS 351.065.
(2) At the request of an employee, the employer shall provide reasonable
opportunity for the employee to inspect, at the place of employment or place
of work assignment, those personnel records of the employee which are used or
have been used to determine the employee's qualification for employment,
promotion, additional compensation or employment termination or other
disciplinary action. At the request of the employee, the employer shall
furnish a certified copy of such records.
(3) Upon termination of employment, the employer shall keep the terminated
employee's personnel records for not less than 60 days. At the request of the
employee, within the 60-day period or at any time if the employer has retained
the records at the time of the request, the employer shall furnish a certified
copy of such records.
(4) An employer may make only such charge for the services referred to in
subsections (2) and (3) of this section as is reasonably calculated to recover
the actual cost of providing the service.
(1977 c. 861 o 2; 1985 c. 404 o 6)
Here are the schedules.  MHC
Karen E Jones
10/09/2000 07:35 PM
Attached for your review and input are initial cuts at the schedules for the 
draft P & S Agreement that we will be discussing on our call tomorrow 
morning.  You'll see that in many places the drafts are simply placeholders 
for information that some of you will need to provide, but hopefully they 
provide a useful starting point.  I  cannot overstate the importance of the 
schedules.  They have a direct impact upon the representations that ENA will 
be making to a potential purchaser and any errors in the schedules can result 
in serious financial liability for the company.
We need to have our schedules for Pastoria ready for posting on DealBench by 
the end of this week.
Thanks for your continued efforts.  I look forward to talking with you 
tomorrow.
Alice, for the employee we discussed last week, here is information on 
payee.  It doesn't look good.  Michelle
Amanda Curless@
12/01/2000 12:01 PM
Michelle,
I talked with Accounts Payable and we are sending payments to the UK. The 
address is 5355 HighStreet, Egham, Great Britain. Thanks!
Mandy
Hector/Valeria,
Do we have a rule against heaters?  If not, that seems to be the easiest 
solution, as well as the "dress warm" advice.  I think that moving him would 
not be good -- his isolation could work against our goals here.
Your thoughts? 
Michelle
thanks, I look forward to your thoughts and comments.  michelle
Steve, I hope that I did not educate her too well . . . It was great to see 
you, and be sure to let me know if you can use my help in the future Michelle
Michelle -
It was grand to bump in to you last night at Randalls.  Your son looks like a 
bundle of energy.  Your cookie insights were not lost on my daughter.
She has secured my commitment to visit the bakery area first thing on our 
next trip. I'd say she considers it a good encounter.
Take care
Steve
Kay, I will be out attending a seminar -- but, don't hold it up for me Thanks!  Michelle
How does next Friday October 20, 2000, look for everyone ??? I have morning 
and afternoon available.  I even have a 10:00 am if you just want to move the 
date and not the time.
Kay
Tana Cashion @ ENRON   10/12/2000 02:28 PM
What is the first availbale day that David can be at the meeting?  Let's try 
to schedule a time that day.  THanks - Tana
The Monday October 16, 2000 meeting at 10:00 am needs to be moved again Sorry for the inconvenience, but David Oxley is going to be traveling..
Thanks,
Kay
All is fine -- no disparate impact in the selection.  But, I still would like 
to see data about why certain persons were selected.  Thanks.  Michelle
Francisco deJesus@
10/12/2000 06:07 PM
Michelle,
Thank you. Can you pls share the results?
Frank
Michelle Cash@ECT
10/12/2000 02:32 PM
fyi.
Michelle, 
I have completed this analysis.  Are you in your office this afternoon?  If 
so, I will drop it by.
Felecia
Cathy, what do we want to do with regard to Paskoff?  Remember, we were 
waiting until this week to respond to his requests for additional 
consideration?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Michelle
Cathy,
Also, for persons over 40 who are signing waivers, we must provide them with 
the census data about persons under 40/over 40 who were offered a package, as 
well as their title and age.  Please make sure that happens, or our waivers 
will not be valid.
Thanks. 
Michelle
FYI.
Also, I never heard back from Ilya's lawyer.  Did he sign 
Thanks.  Michelle
I am sending you links to our newest ASAP's on California wage and hour and
workers compensation issues.  Our ASAP's are our summary of important
developments in employment law.  If you do not have employees in California,
these ASAP's probably are not relevant to your company.
The first ASAP summarizes recent developments relating to whether or not
computer professionals and nurses must be paid overtime.  The link to this
ASAP follows:
The second ASAP is a general overview of the current state of the workers'
compensation system in California.  This may even be of interest if you do
not have employees in California because the issues that arise in California
often occur in other parts of the country.  The link to this ASAP follows:
Please notify me if you have problems opening this link.  I can send you a
hard copy of the ASAP if necessary. In addition, feel free to print or
forward this link to others in your or other companies, or use it in any
other manner that assists your organization. In addition, let me know if you
do not wish to receive these updates.
Littler Mendelson is the nation's largest law firm devoted exclusively to
representing management in employment and labor matters.  With approximately
400 lawyers in 30 offices around the country, our firm handles more
employment matters than any other law firm.  Feel free to contact me if you
have questions about the issues addressed in these ASAP's or about any other
employment law issue.
Kerry E Notestine
Littler Mendelson, PC
1900 Chevron Tower
1301 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
713.652.4748
713.951.9212 (fax)
knotestine@littler.com
www.littler.com
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
Jim,
FYI.
The second link here is about workers' comp insurance in California 
Michelle
I am sending you links to our newest ASAP's on California wage and hour and
workers compensation issues.  Our ASAP's are our summary of important
developments in employment law.  If you do not have employees in California,
these ASAP's probably are not relevant to your company.
The first ASAP summarizes recent developments relating to whether or not
computer professionals and nurses must be paid overtime.  The link to this
ASAP follows:
The second ASAP is a general overview of the current state of the workers'
compensation system in California.  This may even be of interest if you do
not have employees in California because the issues that arise in California
often occur in other parts of the country.  The link to this ASAP follows:
Please notify me if you have problems opening this link.  I can send you a
hard copy of the ASAP if necessary. In addition, feel free to print or
forward this link to others in your or other companies, or use it in any
other manner that assists your organization. In addition, let me know if you
do not wish to receive these updates.
Littler Mendelson is the nation's largest law firm devoted exclusively to
representing management in employment and labor matters.  With approximately
400 lawyers in 30 offices around the country, our firm handles more
employment matters than any other law firm.  Feel free to contact me if you
have questions about the issues addressed in these ASAP's or about any other
employment law issue.
Kerry E Notestine
Littler Mendelson, PC
1900 Chevron Tower
1301 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
713.652.4748
713.951.9212 (fax)
knotestine@littler.com
www.littler.com
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
Twanda, would you please schedule a meeting with me, Hector, Sheila W., and 
Brian Schaffer re:  follow up to the Bashen information?  I would like to 
have this group discuss how to close the loop with Sally's employees and 
implement any recommendations for follow-up.
I think the meeting with last approximately 1 1/2 hours. 
Thanks.  Michelle
I'll interview.  I'm available between 10-12 on Thursday.  Let me know when 
and where.  Michelle
Geynille Dillingham
12/05/2000 12:54 PM
Due to some scheduling conflicts some of the candidates are coming in at 
various times.  As it stands the following is their arrival dates and times:
Candidate  Date  Time
Christina Benkert Dec. 8  after 6:00 PM
Nelly Haghighat Dec. 8  after 6:00 PM
Rupa Bhargava  Dec. 8  9:05 PM
Belinda DeLa Cruz Dec. 8  11:05 AM
Ayesha Kanji  Dec. 8  11:05 AM
Sona Khanova  Dec. 8   1:48 PM
Amanda Lang  Dec. 8  11:05 AM
Dale You  Dec. 8   11:05 AM
Sabrina DeMelo Dec. 7  after 6:00 PM
One of the candidates Sabrina DeMelo is unavailable for the weekend 
interviews and in order to accomodate her she has been given the option of 
getting her four interviews in on the off cycle Super Thursday.  However, 
they are looking for interviewers for that Thursday so I will need two 
volunteers from the Wellesley team for the following date:
Thursday, December 7th from 9:00 a.m. -12:30 p.m.
Please contact Cathy Lira, at ext. 5-4049 to inform her of your availability.
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me.
Thanks, Geynille
Please print this and save it to my document list.  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle:
Here is copy of email message to Mark with redlined version of
proposed services agreement.
Clark
- AGREEMT.DOC
I agree with your assessment.  Thanks.  michelle
Brian Schaffer@
10/16/2000 03:04 PM
Michelle:
By the way, I talked with Marty last week about Bashen's files.  He said 
that they were on the way to him and he would forward to me immediately Therefore, I expect to get them any day now.  I assume I should review 
immediately; let me know if you think otherwise.
Brian
I suggest contacting Peggy Banzak for a contact in Mexico.  Michelle
Fran L Mayes
10/17/2000 12:28 PM
Please read the original email below.  Unfortunately I never responded however as I read through the material today, I am unable to answer any of 
these questions.  Do we have a contact (outside counsel) who can provide 
assistance.
Fran
Fran:
What's the word on the tax summary for Mexico?  Has it been completed?  If 
not, we are running up against a deadline so this task needs to be completed 
as soon as possible.  If you have any questions, please call me at 
713-853-9151.
Thanks.
Lina
Fran:
You should be aware that Enron Corp. will grant stock options to domestic and 
some international employees.  Some employees in Mexico will be granted stock 
options this year.  As a result, I must identify the treatment of stock 
options in various countries.  Your name was provided by the Human Resources 
representatives in charge with administering the EnronOptions program.
Attached you will find a series of questions regarding the taxation of stock 
options.  I need you to provide answers to the short list of questions and to 
verify those answers already supplied.  You may wish to contact outside tax 
counsel in Mexico to assist you with these questions.  I ask that you 
complete this task by October 1, 2000.
If you have any questions, please call me at 713-853-9151,
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
Lina Jimenez
Pursuant to your request, attached is a draft letter to WiseSoft, Inc. 
regarding Hennadiy Batrak.
Anne,
I have reviewed the P&S Agreement for Triple Lutz.  From my perspective, it 
generally looks fine.  I have a few comments, and invite Pat Mackin to add 
any he may have, in particular based on his review of Section 4.14.
In Section 4.7(c)(iv), there is a reference to any contract obligations.  I 
believe this would include employment contracts, which do not appear to be 
identified specifically on any schedule unless the annual amount exceeds 
$250K.    We may want to clarify that the disclosures are consistent with the 
provisions of Section 4.13(iii).
Section 4.8 provides that we will not enter into any employee benefits not 
required by law.  However, given that closing is pushed out so far in the 
future, we may want the flexibility to provide incentive bonuses for key 
personnel to stay with the company through closing.  This may be done with 
the Buyer's consent, but we may be tying our hands.  Section 6.2(e) contains 
a similar restriction on making payments to officers/directors.
In addition, Section 4.8 states that we won't enter into or amend any 
employment contracts.  We do not renew employment contracts at a single time, 
and the contracts of key personnel may expire.  Do we want to tie our hands 
and be prohibited from amending/extending the agreements?  Section 6.2(l) 
also prohibits the modification/amendment of contracts with employees.
In Section 4.10, the wording "(other than Environmental Laws)" suggests that 
we are not in compliance with environmental laws.  Rephrasing that sentence 
to refer to the provision of the Agreement may be preferable.
In Section 4.11(d), we promise that we haven't provided any gift of any kind 
to customers.  I don't think we can say that, given that we regularly host 
client development outings (e.g. Rodeo BBQ tickets, golf tourneys, etc.) and 
provide Enron goodies to people all the time.  Perhaps a limitation on de 
minimus gifts would be more accurate.  Also, a reference to our Code of 
Ethics may work here.
In Section 4.13(a)(iii), does the $250K threshhold include only cash value, 
or does it include equity grants that vest over time?  A reference to "cash" 
payments would clarify, given that people here are compensated by stock 
options/restricted stock that vest over time.
In Section 4.14(d), I am not sure whether this transaction accelerates 
vesting -- Pat, do you know?
Should Section 7.3 be italicized?  I have not seen the latest of the Employee 
Matters Agreement.
Have the parties discussed arbitration in lieu of litigation in Texas for the 
purposes of dispute resolution?
Anne, let me know if these comments need clarification or if you have any 
other questions.
Michelle
Pat,
I have reviewed this agreement and provided my comments under a separate 
email.  I would appreciate your review of Section 4.14 in particular, given 
your familiarity with the compensation plans and benefit plans.  In terms of 
timing, your comments probably can go into the next draft, but if you have a 
chance to look at 4.14 today, it would be great!
Thanks a lot!
Michelle
Attached please find a revised draft of the Purchase and Sale Agreement 
prepared in response to Bidder A's comments.  Please review your sections and 
provide me with any comments today.  We plan to circulate to the other side 
this afternoon.  thanks
Anne C. Koehler
Sr. Counsel, ENA
EB 3832
713-853-3448
"Collins, Christopher"  	Sent by: "Lowell, Katrina"  	10/16/2000 04:25 PM
Attached is a mark-up of the PSA with Bidder A, which incorporates most of
the Bidder A's comments.  As discussed, we have attempted to include those
comments proposed by Bidder A when possible and yet preserve the more
important "materiality protections for Seller.   The draft is marked against
Seller's bid document form, however, I have asked Lehman to send to me
electronically the Bidder A form.  Upon receipt, I will prepare and
distribute to you a compare-rite which will show the Bidder A comments which
we didn't accept.  In this draft, please note the following:
1.  Enron should confirm and advise whether the delayed closing date (April
2001) as reflected in Section 3.1 is acceptable.
2.  The tax provisions  include V&E's comments, however Enron Tax personnel
should consider carefully the "after tax basis" concept and definition,
Section 4.9 and Article 11.
3.  The appropriate Enron business people should provide input regarding the
proper thresholds and amounts for (i) the Deductible Amount, (ii) the
liability cap, (iii) Section 4.13 and Section 6.3.
4.  The appropriate Enron business people should provide input regarding the
provisions in Section 4.16 (Insurance) including the continuing post-closing
insurance obligations.
5.  The appropriate Enron personnel should advise us regarding the proper
procedures for Buyer to participate (observatory capacity) in the
post-signing business in accordance with Section 7.15.
Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached agreement, please
give me a call to set up a time to discuss your comments and required
revisions.
- Redlined PSA.DOC
Here is a set of comments by Pat Mackin on the Triple Lutz agreement 
Cynthia/Mary, do you have anything to add?
Michelle
FMackin@aol.com on 10/18/2000 12:37:37 PM
Document attached
- Triple Lutz m2.doc
please excuse the delay on this 
If possible, I would like the following documents copied from the data room:
Leaf River:  Tab No.'s 20, 119-140, 146, and 168-170
Woodland:  Tab No.'s 107-130, and 136
Brunswick:  Tab No.'s 102-127, and 137
Thanks 
Michelle Cash
One other item:  Could you please request all employment contracts and change 
of control agreements, if any?  Thank you.  Michelle
Karen, does  Sean have his art on a web site anywhere?  I have someone who 
wants to look at it.  Michelle
FYI.  Michelle
I am sending you our most recent ASAP.  Our ASAP's are our summaries of
recent developments in employment matters.  This ASAP addresses the recent
changes in the regulations related to affirmative action plans.  Employers
which have contracts with the federal government, or contracts with federal
contractors, must prepare and maintain affirmative action plans (AAPs) as
long as they employ 50 or more employees, when the contracts are for $50,000
or more. The changes addressed in this ASAP are quite technical and require
careful consideration.
Please double click on the above link to access the ASAP.  Let me know if
you have trouble accessing this ASAP, and I can send you a hard copy.  You
also may visit our website (www.littler.com) to review this and other
publications by lawyers from our firm.  Feel free to forward this link or
print a copy and distribute it to others within or outside your company.  In
addition, let me know if you do not want to receive these updates, and I
will delete you from my distribution list.
Littler Mendelson is the nation's largest firm representing employers in
employment and labor matters.  With approximately 400 attorneys in 30
office, we address more issues related to employment than any other law
firm.  Please contact me if we can assist you with your AAP or other
employment matters.
Kerry E Notestine
Littler Mendelson, PC
1900 Chevron Tower
1301 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
713.652.4748
713.951.9212 (fax)
knotestine@littler.com
www.littler.com
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
Andrea, This looks good.
I have two nits:  First, the street value of our phone book is $1k, not $1 Also, "loosing" people should be "losing" people.
One other risk is that the descriptions of what people are doing could reveal 
confidential business strategies to our competitors because there is no 
filter on what employees can/can't put.  In other words, if an employee is 
working on developing something within Enron that our competitors do not know 
about, expertfinder could provide them with that data/strategy.
One other recommendation (by Scott) was to allow access only from an Enron 
facility -- not remotely.  This would manage risk of a person taking a laptop 
to a competitor and also would protect against hackers.
Given that employee talent is a major asset, we should find ways to move that 
talent around while also protecting it from being picked off from the outside.
Thanks.
Michelle
Here is the attachment.  Thanks for the update on Delainey.  Michelle
Andrea Yowman@
10/18/2000 06:47 PM
REMINDER:
This email is to remind you that a meeting is scheduled for Monday, October 
23rd from 4:00-5:00 regarding visa issues in EB38C2.
Attached is a draft from Michelle Cash.
fyi.  Michelle
Rick Johnson@
10/19/2000 04:39 PM
Craig - My Data Room Request will in part be duplicate to the materials that 
Michelle Cash will be asking for.  Because I'm in a separate Location Please provide me copies from the data room, (as requested on the attached 
word doc.) and FED-EX direct to my Portland Office Address
Rick Johnson -  Enron Corp.
121 SW Salmon St. ( 3WTC0306)
Portland,  OR.  97204
Thanks, Rj.
Craig Hiddleston
10/17/2000 07:33 PM
In response to the question posed by numerous people today, we will have 
access to various GP representatives through calls coordinated through Morgan 
Stanley but it is unlikely that you will have access to GP contact people to 
repeatedly ask questions.
As requested this afternoon, please provide me a detailed list of the 
documents listed on the data room index that you want copies of (and other 
relevant documents) no later than 10AM on Wednesday morning.
Thanks,
Craig
Hector, we need to check with Kriste Sullivan on this.  I have a vague 
recollection about a group of employees going to Dynegy, and we had to send a 
demand letter to prohibit the improper use of Enron information.  She was 
involved, so could you please send her the email you sent to me?  Then, we 
can discuss a strategy.  Thanks.  Michelle
David,
I believe the agreement was signed.  It would have been a Corporate Services 
Agreement.  I believe that Shonnie Daniel or Steve Van Hooser worked on 
this.  I have cc'd this email to them so that they can provide you with a 
copy, forward it on to the appropriate person, or let me know if one never 
was signed, in which case I can prepare a new version.
Thanks.  Michelle
I was given your name by Steve Venturatos.  He said that you were involved in 
getting a Master Agreement set up so that Enron would supply a Risk team to 
take care of that function for Bridgeline.  I talked with Trevor Mihalik and 
he believes that an agreement was never signed.  Can you help me determine if 
there is an agreement in place and if not can we get one created?
Dave Baumbach
Here is the latest.  Michelle
Attached hereto is the most recent version of the Triple Lutz PSA for Bidder 
A.  Please review and let me know if you have any further comments on your 
sections.  thanks again for all your input 
Anne C. Koehler
Sr. Counsel, ENA
EB 3832
713-853-3448
"Collins, Christopher"  	Sent by: "Lowell, Katrina"  	10/19/2000 01:49 PM
Attached is the most recent draft of Bidder A PSA incorporating all
comments.
- Enron Bidder A PSA Redlined.DOC
FYI, particularly the part about the performance management system.  Let's 
see what kind of data we can get about the Microsoft evaluation system to 
find the differences.  Thanks.  Michelle
Jane Allen
10/20/2000 08:43 AM
What are your thoughts?
Jane J. Allen
Enron Corp
Global Employee Services
Phone - 713/345-5064
Fax - 713/646-9501
Tara Rozen
10/18/2000 04:43 AM
Hi. Some interesting reading. Although it doesn't explicitly relate to 
foreign assignments, I am aware that our assignments to and from Europe are 
predominately white males and I am assuming that this is the case globally as 
well.  I am sure that if Enron was ever filed with a lawsuit for 
discrimination, this could be an area that would negatively affect the 
outcome of Enron's defence as foreign assignments generally provide career 
development opportunities that most non-white males at Enron are missing out 
on.
Tara
Enron Europe
FYI
Thought I'd share this with the group.  This case will be watched very 
closely because 1) it was filed against Microsoft, and 2) because of the 
large potential class of plaintiffs.  Class action suits are an employers 
worst nightmare (think Texaco and Coca-Cola 
Please feel free to share this with your management.
No. 200
Monday, October 16, 2000 Page A-3
ISSN 1522-5968
News 
Discrimination Suit 
Filed by Microsoft Salaried Employee
Alleges Discrimination Based on Race, Sex 
SEATTLE--A suit has been filed against Microsoft Corp. alleging the company 
maintains a systemic and pervasive practice of discriminating against African 
American and female salaried employees, affecting pay rates and promotion 
opportunities (Donaldson v. Microsoft Corp., W.D. Wash., No. C00-1684P, 
10/4/00 Such discrimination at the company "is the standard operating procedure," the 
lawsuit said. 
The suit filed Oct. 4 in federal court in Seattle seeks back pay, other job 
benefits, and compensatory and punitive damages for a proposed class of about 
400 African American employees and some 4,500 female employees. 
Mark Murray, company spokesman, said Microsoft does not tolerate 
discrimination of any kind. 
"We take these kinds of issues very seriously," Murray said regarding the 
lawsuit. The company has an "active diversity policy" and seeks to recruit 
and promote minorities and women, Murray told BNA Oct. 12. He said he could 
not comment on any specific aspects of the lawsuit. 
The class would include all current and former female salaried employees who 
worked for Microsoft beginning Feb. 23, 1999, and all current and former 
African American salaried employees who worked at the company beginning Oct. 
4, 1998. Microsoft employs some 18,000 workers in the U.S. the complaint 
said. About 2.5 percent to 3 percent are African American and about 26 
percent are women. 
Murray said the company has about 27,250 employees in the U.S., including 
21,767 in Western Washington. In the U.S., 26.3 percent of Microsoft 
employees are women and 22.2 percent minorities, he said. 
The lawsuit was filed by Cohen, Milstein, Hausfeld & Toll of Seattle. The 
named plaintiff, Monique Donaldson, sued on behalf of herself and a class of 
all similarly situated African American and similarly situated female 
salaried employees at Microsoft. 
"African American and female salaried employees of Microsoft are routinely 
subjected to a pattern and practice of race and sex discrimination affecting 
the terms and conditions of their employment" at the company, the complaint 
said. The violations--of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil 
Rights Act of 1991, and Civil Rights Act of 1871--are "systemic in nature, 
and constitute a pattern and practice of conduct which permeates Microsoft's 
operations," the lawsuit maintains. 
'Excessive Subjectivity' Alleged
The complaint said the company allows "excessive subjectivity" in decisions 
involving promotions and compensation. Microsoft has retaliated against 
employees in the class who complained "either internally or externally about 
Microsoft's treatment of African American and female employees by giving 
unjustified lowered performance evaluations and constructively terminating 
them."
The lawsuit said the company "uses an excessively subjective evaluation 
system" that allows managers "who are predominantly white males, to rate 
employees based upon their own biases rather than based upon merit Performance evaluations, for instance, use a five-point scal, but scores of 
five, the highest number, are not awarded. Within any organization of the 
company, only a certain number of employees are allowed to receive each 
score, which can range from 2.5 to 4.5, the lawsuit said. 
"Thus, no matter how good or bad the actual performance of employees a 
certain number of them must still receive the lower scores." Any employee 
with a 2.5 score is placed on a "personal improvement plan" or asked to 
resign, the complaint said. 
"Stack rankings" are used to rank employees in the same job category and 
organizational unit from best to worst, the complaint said. Employees can be 
ranked higher under the stack ranking than others who receive numerically 
higher performance evaluations, the lawsuit said. 
"Obtaining higher stack rankings is often governed by an employees' personal 
popularity with other managers" because the rankings mix employees working 
for different managers. 
In addition to allowing discrimination in performance appraisals, the company 
also has a pattern of paying African American and female employees salaries 
"substantially lower" than those paid white males doing similar work, with 
the same or lesser skills, and with similar or lesser experience, the lawsuit 
said. 
Furthermore, "excessively subjective decisionmaking criteria" are applied in 
promotions, which favor white males with fewer qualifications than African 
Americans and female employees. 
By Nan Netherton
Would you let me know which you choose?  I may need some of them as a 
backup!  Michelle
BDCash@bth12.med.navy.mil (Cash, Brooks D.) on 10/23/2000 10:47:10 AM
Please respond to  Thanks, that helps a lot. Looking forward to seeing you guys, too.
Hi, Brooks.
He wants the newest Lyle Lovett album -- the soundtrack to Dr. T and the
Women.  Also, he is getting a Playstation II from me for his birthday (they
don't come out until this week, so he doesn't have it yet), so you could
find him a game for the new system.  He has said that he wants a new clock
radio, with AM/FM (I don't think he wants CD/tape player on it), with
battery backup -- Sony would be best.  Also, he always wears short-sleeved
Polo shirts, size XL.  He prefers basics, in solid colors such as white (he
never can have enough of those), navy, khaki, or light blue.
Let me know if you need any other suggestions.
We are looking forward to your visit, especially Cameron.  He always is
talking about how Santa is going to bring presents for him and Madison!
Take care, and say "hi" to Marianne.
Michelle
BDCash@bth12.med.navy.mil (Cash, Brooks D.) on 10/20/2000 09:08:25 AM
Please respond to  
Michelle,
Can you give me any ideas regarding birthday and x-mas presents for
the man
who has everything?
Hope all is well there.
Brooks
Twanda, please take the text of this email and turn it into a document that 
is presentable so that I can give it to Mark at our Quarterly Business Review 
Meeting at 2:00 Monday -- actually, I will need it by noon so that I can 
revise it.  Thanks.  Michelle
Transactions
Major Events of September - November 2000
Garden State Paper -- closing and transition.
Triple Lutz -- issues surrounding potential divestiture, including internal 
discussions, review of data requests and responses, review and comment on 
both PSA documents, negotiations with both buyer's representatives, and 
discussions with clients.  Issues include salaries of employees hired by 
buyer (effect of Enron severance plan), other benefits for divested employees 
(including unvested stock options, insurance, vacation, etc.), process for 
divesture, payment of severance obligations, possible redeployment, etc.
Crane -- monitor due diligence, PSA review and comment, client discussions.
Falcon -- review diligence reports, client discussions.
E2  -- limited involvement in PSA and schedule review, data requests.
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
Triple Lutz -- continued negotiations and document drafting.  Transition 
issues for divestiture will continue to be significant.  Litigation by 
persons who lose their jobs as a result of the transaction and who choose not 
to sign the waiver for double the severance benefits is possible.
East Coast Power:  If we sell our interest in ECP, there will be many 
transition issues due to Enron's providing benefits, payroll, etc. for ECP 
personnel.  Also, there will be transition issues for other services, 
including legal services that Enron has been providing for ECP.
Crane/Falcon -- could move forward; Crane is more likely.  Issues of labor 
unions and Canadian law will require attention on transition issues.
Litigation
Major Events of September - November 2000
No employee-initiated litigation for 2000.
Non-compete litigation:  Currently, suit pending against Alonzo Williams in 
Sharolyn Wood's court.  Suit filed, no TRO sought.  Service in process.
Minor litigation:  Marentz & Co. v. Enron.  Suit for non-payment of placement 
fee.  Maximum damages $75K.  Discovery period ends this week, court-ordered 
mediation to follow.
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
I expect that we will be filing non-compete litigation in February and March, 
as people leave after they are paid their bonuses 
We should discuss the continued use of Bill Ogden for non-compete litigation.
Documents Generated
Major Events of September - November 2000
New Consulting Services Agreement:  I prepared a new form of Consulting 
Services Agreement to replace old Master Service Agreement and Project Work 
Description for Net Works contract personnel. I received minor comments from 
outside counsel as well as client group feedback.  I will finalize the 
agreement, so that the new document can go into effect on 1/1/01 
Standard Agreements:
I prepared:
___ draft employment agreements.
___ draft consulting services agreements.
___ separation agreement and releases.
___ retention letter agreements.
The number of employment agreements seems low to me, particularly in 
trading.  My understanding is that Lavorato does not want to put every person 
in trading under contract, but wants to wait and see how they perform.  There 
are potential legal risks with this approach if we want to enforce our 
non-compete provisions. 
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
I expect that, after bonus amounts are announced, there will be a flurry of 
contract activity in efforts to pay people through means other than the bonus 
pool 
Investigations
Major Events of September - November 2000
Anonymous Letters Sent to Office of Chairman about Energy Operations:  I 
directed the investigation and supervised outside consultants once the 
company decided to employ them.  I and the team reviewed the results with 
Sally Beck in early November and proposed methods to address the results of 
the consultants' surveys.  Sally Beck is contemplating communication to 
employees on results of survey.  [Other proposals can be discussed verbally.]
Texaco Hacker:  We had a situation where one of our employees logged onto the 
Texaco computer system using an ID of a former co-worker.  He then sent 
inappropriate emails to her co-workers, posing as her.  The investigation 
results led to termination of employment for cause.
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
I expect that there will be some claims that will need to be investigated 
following PRC/bonus discussions. 
Training
Major Events of September - November 2000
Increased role as trainer.  I provided interview training for all Net Works 
employees who are involved in the Technology Track (about 10 sessions 
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001  
EIM:  Ray Bowen has asked Julia and I to provide training to the Industrials 
Group.  The focus will be on labor and employment issues in the acquisition 
of assets as well as the integration of assets into the Enron family 
All of Wholesale:  The harassment prevention training is going to be repeated 
early next year for all persons hired in the last 18 months.  Refresher 
training is being developed and will be delivered for those who already went 
through the first round.
Pre-Hire Testing 
Major Events of September - November 2000
Many Wholesale groups are looking at pre-employment testing as a method of 
screening out applicants.  I am working with the Training and Development 
groups to ensure that the tests meet legal standards.  I have suggested 
experts for HR to use in validation of such tests to ensure that the tests 
will result in a successful employee.
Re-Skilling:  One aptitude test is being employed in the selection of 
potential employees who may be re-skilled to perform IT jobs working under 
Beth Perlman. 
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
I expect the testing issue to continue to be hot, particularly since John 
Lavorato likes the concept for use in the Trading Track rotations for the A&A 
program.
Employee Relations/Terminations  
Much of my time is spent providing advice on employee relations/termination 
issues -- approximately 10-15 per week (total).  No two situations are alike, 
and they require significant time.
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
After PRC/bonus time, this area of practice will be exceptionally busy.  The 
company will put persons who received a Needs Improvement or lower rating on 
a performance improvement plan.  Generally, I review those before they are 
put in place.  If they are not successful, then terminations are likely 
(probably early in the first half of 2001).  Those issues are time-consuming 
and full of risks.
Work for Portfolio Assets
Major Events of September - November 2000
Ecogas:  wind-down issues.
Mariner:  Change of Control Agreements.
CGAS:  harassment prevention training -- arranged for Littler, Mendelson to 
provide training for CGAS personnel.
East Coast Power:  Agreements, advice and counselling on various issues.
Anticipated Issues for December 2000 - February 2001
CGAS:  Revising employment agreements for key personnel.
Mariner:  Employment agreement negotiation.
Conclusions
ENA:  ENA has not been able to hire commercial talent at the levels of 
manager and above.  I expect to see a great emphasis on hiring.  Lavorato has 
placed processes in place for hiring at that level, including the requirement 
of an interview with the OOC before someone can be hired at the level of 
manager or above 
Salaries need to be reviewed for equity (by gender as well as by race).
Net Works:  Net Works has hired over 800 employees and contractors in 2000 I expect that a portion of those will be bad hires and will have to be 
managed out.  Generally, the IT personnel are not the best about counselling 
and documentation, so there may be significant work to be done to  ensure 
that risks are managed in that situation.  I have seen improvement in that 
group working with HR, and they have invited me to conduct training, so it 
may improve over time.
Contractors are another issue at Net Works.  A significant portion of the 
work force is contract personnel.  Microsoft issues could arise if 
contractors are allowed to stay on too long.
Misclassification under the FLSA is another issue.  Net Works has too many 
employees in the "exempt" category who should be classified as "non-exempt I have raised this issue with HR, and they are working through it.  It will 
not be an easy fix.
EIM:  The biggest issues facing EIM include the attraction and retention of 
talent as well as M&A activity.  HR has hired a person from Azurix to handle 
diligence for EIM, but only time will tell whether she will be able to handle 
the job 
EGM:  EGM has the same issues of hiring and retention of talent as other 
groups within Wholesale.  That, plus the added earnings pressures, will make 
retention of key personnel essential.  I expect to see continued pressure to 
shorten the non-compete duration for this group.
For your information.  Michelle
I am sending you our most recent ASAP.  Our ASAP's are our summaries of
recent developments in employment matters.  This ASAP addresses the recent
changes in the regulations related to affirmative action plans.  Employers
which have contracts with the federal government, or contracts with federal
contractors, must prepare and maintain affirmative action plans (AAPs) as
long as they employ 50 or more employees, when the contracts are for $50,000
or more. The changes addressed in this ASAP are quite technical and require
careful consideration.
Please double click on the above link to access the ASAP.  Let me know if
you have trouble accessing this ASAP, and I can send you a hard copy.  You
also may visit our website (www.littler.com) to review this and other
publications by lawyers from our firm.  Feel free to forward this link or
print a copy and distribute it to others within or outside your company.  In
addition, let me know if you do not want to receive these updates, and I
will delete you from my distribution list.
Littler Mendelson is the nation's largest firm representing employers in
employment and labor matters.  With approximately 400 attorneys in 30
office, we address more issues related to employment than any other law
firm.  Please contact me if we can assist you with your AAP or other
employment matters.
Kerry E Notestine
Littler Mendelson, PC
1900 Chevron Tower
1301 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
713.652.4748
713.951.9212 (fax)
knotestine@littler.com
www.littler.com
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
I have a copy of the signed Employee Services Agreement between Bridgeline 
and ENA.  Would you like a copy of it?  Michelle
Thanks Michelle.  Please let me know if you hear from Shonnie or Steve.
Dave
Michelle Cash
10/23/2000 09:14 AM
David,
I believe the agreement was signed.  It would have been a Corporate Services 
Agreement.  I believe that Shonnie Daniel or Steve Van Hooser worked on 
this.  I have cc'd this email to them so that they can provide you with a 
copy, forward it on to the appropriate person, or let me know if one never 
was signed, in which case I can prepare a new version.
Thanks.  Michelle
I was given your name by Steve Venturatos.  He said that you were involved in 
getting a Master Agreement set up so that Enron would supply a Risk team to 
take care of that function for Bridgeline.  I talked with Trevor Mihalik and 
he believes that an agreement was never signed.  Can you help me determine if 
there is an agreement in place and if not can we get one created?
Dave Baumbach
Sure, I'll send letters.  The one for Paskoff will go out today.  Michelle
Michelle,
Can you please respond to both their attorney's letters with the details 
below?
Thanks
Cathy
I agree, this seems very sensible to me.
Melissa
Melissa,
I gave his attorney a call just to tell him that we received his letter.  He 
mentioned to me that Tony's primary concern is the nonsolicitation.  Although 
I think Tony is being a little more reasonable than John Paskoff, we need to 
be somewhat consistent with what we provide both of them.  They are both very 
close.
I think the following would be a fair offer for both of them.
Additional 15,000.  This would give Paskoff and additional 2.5 months salary 
and Cirino almost 2 months salary.  This get them closer to the 12-13 months 
pay they are both asking for.  Plus, Michelle brought up a point about them 
incurring attorney's fees and this should well cover it.
Payment of their COBRA premiums through the term of their MG contract ( 9 mos 
)
No  on the bonus payments
No on waiving or reducing the non solicitation of customers, unless Hutch 
want's to accommodate this.
They will probably both push back on the non solicitation, but I would rather 
wait to see how theyr respond to our offer.
Michelle, what are your thoughts?
Thanks
Cathy
Hi Cathy,
Mike Hutchninson is out of the office until Monday, so I will follow up with 
him on Monday.  Do you want to call the lawyer and tell him that we will 
respond early next week?
With regard to the claims, what is your opinion?  I would suggest that most 
of it seems reasonable to discuss apart from the bonus.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
Melissa
Hello All,
I was just wondering yesterday why we hadn't heard from Tony Cirino regarding 
his separation agreement.  The letter I received today from his attorney 
answers my questions.
I'll fax over to all of you.  FYI, the letter was also copied to Hutch.
Cathy
Amy, this is way late, so sorry.  I suggest running it by the HR leadership 
team.  The email list can be obtained from Gerry Gibson at corp.  If there 
are HR openings, and she would be interested, they would most probably be the 
best people to assess her skills.  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle,
Thanks so much for the feedback on Debra's resume.  Ted and I also shared it 
with Brian Schaffer who said he would potentially like to have her in his 
group, but has no openings right now.  You'd mentioned in your e-mail that 
there may be HR possibilites for her and she's expressed an interest in 
exploring that kind of a career move (see below).  Do you know of something 
specific or anyone else I should share her resume with?
I really appreciate your help!
Amy
Glebeplace@aol.com on 09/26/2000 07:54:58 PM
Thank you so much for circulating my resume and for forwarding the positive
feedback to me.  As a matter of fact, I am very interested in exploring the
possibility of a transition from a Legal Department position to a  Human
Resources position.  Even though there may not be an opening at this time, it
would still be very interesting to speak with someone who has made this
career change.
Thank you again,  Debra
Nathan,
Ted Bland is the Enron wholesale person responsible for all recruiting for 
one of the business units I support.
I actually spoke with Ted today about you.  He is working on scheduling you 
for a meeting, but he has had some difficulty in finalizing schedules.  So, 
there is no need to follow up, because he will get with you in a few days.
Hope all is well.
Michelle
Michelle,
I received a call from Ted about 10 days ago about a possible
interview.  Ted said he would call to schedule an interview at the
beginning of last week, but I have not heard back from Ted.  I would
like to email Ted to remind him I am still interested.  Who is Ted?
Can you forward his email address?
Thanks for your help!
Nathan Wesely
Royston, Rayzor, Vickery & Williams, L.L.P.
600 Travis, Suite 2200
Houston, Texas 77002
Email: nathan.wesely@roystonlaw.com
Website: www.roystonlaw.com
Telephone: 713.224.8380
Facsimile: 713.225.9945
****************** Attorney-Client Privileged, Attorney Work Product, and Confidential
information may be contained in this message.  If you are not the
addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of
the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message
to anyone.  In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly
notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or
your employer does not consent to  please print this and attachments.  Thanks.  MHC
Attached here are the current draft of the disclosure schedules to be 
attached to the Purchase and Sale Agreement with Bidder A.  I have also 
attached the portion of the PSA that contains the reps and warranties to 
which the schedules relate. Please review the following schedules against the 
reps and warranties to which they relate and let me know if any changes or 
updates need to be made 
Thanks.
Anne C. Koehler
Sr. Counsel, ENA
EB 3832
713-853-3448
Craig, I spoke with Fran Mayes about being the HR person for the Leaf River 
site visit, and she is planning to go.  Michelle
Anne,
Would you please re-send me the Employee Matters Agreement for Lutz?  I have 
deleted my electronic copy and need to send it on to the HR people Thanks 
Michelle
My understanding now on this is that we are talking about the Bridgeline 
deal.  In that deal, Enron and Texaco both assigned employees to work for the 
Bridgeline entity.  It is done under a secundment arrangement, and the 
employees are sent there via an assignment letter.   (Pat, you may recall 
that we visited about this process a while back, although I may not have 
given you the transaction name at the time 
So, currently, all Enron personnel assigned to Bridgeline actually are Enron 
employees.  I am not aware of any change to that structure.  Fran, do you 
know of any changes?  Are we now going to transfer all of those employees to 
the Bridgeline entity?  Those answers would help.
Michelle
FMackin@aol.com on 10/25/2000 09:34:27 AM
In a message dated 10/24/00 2:47:31 PM Pacific Daylight Time,
Mikie.Rath@ writes:
<< Wilson suggested I contact you to obtain answers to the same desk issue as
it relates to these employees.  I don't have a lot of information on this
deal nor does Dee and we are not sure if employees can take a distribution
from our plan 
Mikie and Wilson,
Please send me a copy of the transaction document, or if there is not one,
the letter of intent.
Will there be a sale of assets?
Will Texaco have any continuing obligation to provide Enron with services in
connection with the transaction?
Will Texaco be required to make  offers of employment to Enron employees?
I can't respond to the question about the same desk rule unless I know all of
the facts.  Earlier this year, in Rev Rul 2000-27 the IRS relaxed the same
desk rule to a sale of less than substantially all of the assets of a
business.  I need to understand the facts of the Texaco transaction to
determine if there is a fit.
Generally, an "outsourcing," pursuant to which the third party service
provider offers employment to Enron employees and thereafter provides
services to Enron, is subject to the same desk rule.
Pat
Attached is a revised draft of your Employment Agreement.  Please feel free 
to call me if you have any questions.
Andrea, would it be possible to update our list to show the current progress 
on the "30 days" items?  I think you have a better handle on the timelines 
than I would.  Thanks.  Michelle
Gerry Gibson@
10/25/2000 11:49 AM
Hi Folks:
Enclosed is the agenda for the Corporate HR Leadership Team Meeting that will 
take place tomorrow in the Executive Board Room (50th Floor) from 9:00 to 
10:00. Please note...we will meet in the Board Room not the Dining room on 
the Mezzanine level... Our primary meeting objective will be to review where 
the team stands implementing the short term Action Plans for the Key Focus 
Areas established at the retreat. I understand that some very good work has 
been done and that several potential "Wows" are either currently being 
implemented or about to launch. 
We look forward to getting the latest status reports relative to 
accomplishing these critical activities and keeping the momentum flowing.
, Gerry Gibson
Cathy,
Do we have an answer on Cirino? 
Thanks.
Michelle
Marty,
Gracie Presas is asking about training for ENA for harassment.  As we 
discussed, I think it would be a good idea to offer several sessions to Enron 
global wholesale and ENW, to maximize efficiency.  So, I told her to call you.
The lawyer contact on this is Kerry Notestine at Littler Mendelson.  His 
number is 713-652-4748.  Thanks.
Michelle
I am not at all surprised!!!!  Michelle
Andrea Yowman@
10/25/2000 03:58 PM
Already working on it ay
Michelle Cash@ECT
10/25/2000 03:38 PM
Andrea, would it be possible to update our list to show the current progress 
on the "30 days" items?  I think you have a better handle on the timelines 
than I would.  Thanks.  Michelle
Gerry Gibson@
10/25/2000 11:49 AM
Hi Folks:
Enclosed is the agenda for the Corporate HR Leadership Team Meeting that will 
take place tomorrow in the Executive Board Room (50th Floor) from 9:00 to 
10:00. Please note...we will meet in the Board Room not the Dining room on 
the Mezzanine level... Our primary meeting objective will be to review where 
the team stands implementing the short term Action Plans for the Key Focus 
Areas established at the retreat. I understand that some very good work has 
been done and that several potential "Wows" are either currently being 
implemented or about to launch. 
We look forward to getting the latest status reports relative to 
accomplishing these critical activities and keeping the momentum flowing.
, Gerry Gibson
Marty/Tim,
Here is pricing information about harassment prevention training.  Feel free 
to call Kerry directly about his availability.
Michelle
Michelle:
Thanks for the call.  I have not heard from Marty Christian (spelling?)
about training but will be glad to talk to her about scheduling.  Regarding
the cost, the price I quoted before was $1500 for half day, and $2500 for a
whole day.  The actors are $100 apiece per presentation ($300 total for each
presentation). Typically, I can do three sessions in a half day and five in
a whole day.  Thus, total cost with the actors for a half day would be $2400
and $4000 for a whole day.  One issue with the actors is that they do shows
in the morning at their theater so afternoons usually are better for them.
I know they have some Fridays in November in which they are open full days.
Kerry E Notestine
Littler Mendelson, PC
1900 Chevron Tower
1301 McKinney Street
Houston, Texas 77010
713.652.4748
713.951.9212 (fax)
knotestine@littler.com
www.littler.com
Littler Mendelson, P.C.
Yes, thanks.  I was aware of that joyous news.  I am going to see if I can 
get a copy of the petition to review all the allegations in detail.  Thanks Michelle
You've probably seen this already, but just in case..... also, their 
performance review process sounds a lot like ours!
No. 200
Monday, October 16, 2000 Page A-3
ISSN 1522-5968
News 
Discrimination Suit 
Filed by Microsoft Salaried Employee
Alleges Discrimination Based on Race, Sex 
SEATTLE--A suit has been filed against Microsoft Corp. alleging the company 
maintains a systemic and pervasive practice of discriminating against African 
American and female salaried employees, affecting pay rates and promotion 
opportunities (Donaldson v. Microsoft Corp., W.D. Wash., No. C00-1684P, 
10/4/00 Such discrimination at the company "is the standard operating procedure," the 
lawsuit said. 
The suit filed Oct. 4 in federal court in Seattle seeks back pay, other job 
benefits, and compensatory and punitive damages for a proposed class of about 
400 African American employees and some 4,500 female employees. 
Mark Murray, company spokesman, said Microsoft does not tolerate 
discrimination of any kind. 
"We take these kinds of issues very seriously," Murray said regarding the 
lawsuit. The company has an "active diversity policy" and seeks to recruit 
and promote minorities and women, Murray told BNA Oct. 12. He said he could 
not comment on any specific aspects of the lawsuit. 
The class would include all current and former female salaried employees who 
worked for Microsoft beginning Feb. 23, 1999, and all current and former 
African American salaried employees who worked at the company beginning Oct. 
4, 1998. Microsoft employs some 18,000 workers in the U.S. the complaint 
said. About 2.5 percent to 3 percent are African American and about 26 
percent are women. 
Murray said the company has about 27,250 employees in the U.S., including 
21,767 in Western Washington. In the U.S., 26.3 percent of Microsoft 
employees are women and 22.2 percent minorities, he said. 
The lawsuit was filed by Cohen, Milstein, Hausfeld & Toll of Seattle. The 
named plaintiff, Monique Donaldson, sued on behalf of herself and a class of 
all similarly situated African American and similarly situated female 
salaried employees at Microsoft. 
"African American and female salaried employees of Microsoft are routinely 
subjected to a pattern and practice of race and sex discrimination affecting 
the terms and conditions of their employment" at the company, the complaint 
said. The violations--of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil 
Rights Act of 1991, and Civil Rights Act of 1871--are "systemic in nature, 
and constitute a pattern and practice of conduct which permeates Microsoft's 
operations," the lawsuit maintains. 
'Excessive Subjectivity' Alleged
The complaint said the company allows "excessive subjectivity" in decisions 
involving promotions and compensation. Microsoft has retaliated against 
employees in the class who complained "either internally or externally about 
Microsoft's treatment of African American and female employees by giving 
unjustified lowered performance evaluations and constructively terminating 
them."
The lawsuit said the company "uses an excessively subjective evaluation 
system" that allows managers "who are predominantly white males, to rate 
employees based upon their own biases rather than based upon merit Performance evaluations, for instance, use a five-point scale, but scores of 
five, the highest number, are not awarded. Within any organization of the 
company, only a certain number of employees are allowed to receive each 
score, which can range from 2.5 to 4.5, the lawsuit said. 
"Thus, no matter how good or bad the actual performance of employees a 
certain number of them must still receive the lower scores." Any employee 
with a 2.5 score is placed on a "personal improvement plan" or asked to 
resign, the complaint said. 
"Stack rankings" are used to rank employees in the same job category and 
organizational unit from best to worst, the complaint said. Employees can be 
ranked higher under the stack ranking than others who receive numerically 
higher performance evaluations, the lawsuit said. 
"Obtaining higher stack rankings is often governed by an employees' personal 
popularity with other managers" because the rankings mix employees working 
for different managers. 
In addition to allowing discrimination in performance appraisals, the company 
also has a pattern of paying African American and female employees salaries 
"substantially lower" than those paid white males doing similar work, with 
the same or lesser skills, and with similar or lesser experience, the lawsuit 
said. 
Furthermore, "excessively subjective decisionmaking criteria" are applied in 
promotions, which favor white males with fewer qualifications than African 
Americans and female employees. 
By Nan Netherton
How about this:
Any future grant/payment described on this worksheet is subject to 
appropriate committee approvals and previously-defined performance standards; 
the use of the term "guaranteed" on this worksheet does not modify the terms 
and conditions of any such payment/grant.
Too wordy?
Michelle
Mary McKendree@
10/26/2000 04:56 PM
Michelle 
Per our conversation, the term sheets list any future grants/bonus payments 
as outlined in employment agreements.  The description that prints along with 
the amount may say "Guaranteed Grant".  Of course we all know that it's 
contingent upon Admin/Comp Committee approval.  However, to keep down any 
question, we thought about adding an asterick and saying:
"Any future referenced payments are contingent upon attaining appropriate 
approvals."
Please word-smith as appropriate.
I appreciate your help.
Mary
please save as a form and print for me.  I'll revise then.  Thanks.  Michelle
Ambroshia Hunter-Perry@
10/24/2000 01:04 PM
Michelle, please find below the standard offer letter that is being used for 
new hires, per the request of Shanna Funkhouser. 
Thanks,
Ambroshia,
Pat,
Hello!  I am sending to you a memo from Stuart Zisman here at Enron.  He has 
a question that I am forwarding to you, since I don't know the answer.  Would 
you please give him an answer today, if possible?
Thanks a lot!
Michelle
Attached is a memo relating to the E2 transaction.  Please review the memo
and respond as soon as possible.  We need to receive all feedback promptly
as we expect to revise and post the revised Purchase & Sale Agreement by the
end of business today (Monday).  Thanks in advance.
Stuart
Jinsung, please forward this to Don Miller ASAP.
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
- GENERAL COMMENTS TO REVISED PSA FOR E2.doc
Fran, I think we should get together tomorrow to discuss the issues around 
this deal.  Could you get with Twanda to do that?  THanks.  MIchelle
Fran L Mayes
10/30/2000 08:58 AM
Kathy Neal and I will attend the meeting on Tuesday.
Fran
Michelle Cash
10/29/2000 03:15 PM
Craig,
We were supposed to have a conference call with labor/employment personnel 
early next week.  Has that been scheduled yet?  Also, I will not be able to 
attend at 4:00 on Tuesday, but will see if someone from HR/benefits can be 
there.
Michelle
Craig Hiddleston@
10/27/2000 06:36 PM
Please attend a meeting in EB2988 at 4 pm on Tuesday, October 31st. If you 
are unavailable to attend please have someone represent you at the meeting.
The plan for the meeting is to:
Go through individuals' findings regarding completeness of information 
available in data room binders, issues encountered that my impact the value 
of the assets to Enron, and any additional information required for Leaf 
River and Woodland.
Provide an update regarding the status of Woodland and deal stopper issues.
The issue relating to Woodland and the hesitancy to fully proceed on the due 
diligence relates to two potential deal stoppers -- security of fiber supply 
and labor union issues. Our preference was to better understand these issues 
before fully engaging in the due diligence process, and incurring the 
associated costs, but the constrained timing has limited our ability to 
accomplish that. At this stage it appears as though we will proceed to submit 
a mid-November bid, and therefore we should proceed with all necessary due 
diligence for Woodland.
Craig
FYI.  Michelle
I spoke with Pat Mackin regarding the two representations that I mentioned in=20
my Comments to the PSA.  For those that are copied on this email that did not=20
receive my comments, I have inserted the relevant language below:
Labor Issues
1) Two different bidders made reference to different parts of Section 414 of=20
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  One was Section 414(t)=20
dealing with being treated as a =01&single employer=018 with another party and the=20
other was Section 414(n) dealing with =01&leased employees.=018  I have to assume=20
that the two are somehow related.  Is there something that we can concede in=20
this area to provide our bidders some level of comfort without increasing=20
Enron=01,s exposure?? =20
According to Pat, the single employer representation (414(t)) should not be=20
added to any of the PSA's because the Peaker and the Pastoria LLCs do not=20
have any employees and ENA does not own more than 80% of LV CoGen.=20
The second representation regarding 414(n) and Leased Employees is a=20
representation that can be given by the Peaker and Pastoria LLCs (because the=20
LLCs have no employees and don't lease any employees).  It is unclear,=20
however, whether it is applicable to LV CoGen.  Ron/Andy would either of you=20
please let me know  whether LV CoGen "leases" any employees.  Pat suggested=20
that the HR person for LV CoGen should know.
Stuart
Dave,
I left you a voice mail that I am available to assist in this process at your 
convenience.  Let me know how you want to proceed.
Michelle
Michelle, I appreciate your help in finding the services agreement for 
Bridgeline.  However, Trevor Mihalik and I would like to get an agreement set 
up for the outsourcing of Enron's Risk employees.  Do you know who could help 
me get this agreement set up?
Dave
Finley,
Can we schedule a conference call with the HR folks at Celgar?
Thanks.
Michelle
Sorry about the earlier email! 
The following contains a summary of  high-level employment/labor issues based 
upon the review of the documents in the data room here in Houston.  We still 
need to have a conference call with the HR team at GP to ascertain the 
climate of labor relations and other employment issues.
Woodland
1.  Employment Claims:  In the list of insurance matters, there are several 
employment-related claims.  Those include sexual harassment allegations, 
disability discrimination, retaliation, and mistreatment.  It is unclear 
whether those are ongoing claims or not.  I would question whether the mill 
has had harassment prevention training, and if so, when.  Also, are there 
other employment claims that are not identified in the documents 
2. Labor Union matters:  Rick Johnson is going to review the collective 
bargaining agreements.   I am waiting on a list of union grievances, which is 
supposed to be forwarded to me today.
3.  I saw nothing about employment contracts, change of control agreements, 
or other documents that may require a buyer to provide benefits after closing 
for either Woodland.
Leaf River 
1.  Litigation Summary:  The company provided a summary of litigation.  Three 
of the four are personal injury claims -- one is a fall down stairs by a 
delivery person (settled on 7/14/00); another is a contract employee who was 
injured when a propane truck on a forklift exploded in his face, and the 
third is another contract employee who fell down some stairs (settled 
7/27/00).  The fourth is a race discrimination claim from 1991, which has 
been on hold due to the plaintiff's bankruptcy.  The summary states that the 
corporate law department has more details about the personal injury claims We may want to obtain more detailed information as we proceed in this 
transaction.  Are there other litigation matters or pending claims?  (E.g EEOC).
2.  No employment contracts.  I saw nothing about change of control 
agreements or other documents that may require a buyer to provide 
post-closing payments.
3.  Workers Comp:  There are several workers comp claims for 1999 and 1998 I would suggest that our risk/insurance groups review these claims to make 
sure that they are not unusual.
Dee Lenfest is going to review the material on employee benefits and should 
provide a separate analysis on that topic.
Michelle
Michelle Cash
10/31/2000 10:36 AM
Fran,
I have reviewed the documents in the data room, and I have the following 
thoughts.
Laura, do you need any more information from me on this point?  Michelle
At one point in time, many years ago, we required EDS to have a DOT drug and 
alcohol testing program for their DOT-covered employees, who were the IT 
people working at our sites, since they were doing the same job as Enron 
employees and were considered DOT.  We should probably look carefully at 
their current jobs to determine if they are DOT-covered or not.  If they are 
performing DOT-covered jobs, their employer should be required to have a DOT 
Drug and Alcohol Testing program, if not it is not necessary to test them on 
a random basis.  The only random testing this company allows is for 
DOT-covered  and safety sensitive employees in NEPCO and OEC.  Also we have 
no means to test employees from other companies since our random selection is 
accomplished through our payroll system, nor do we want to be in the business 
of testing other's employees.   Hope that helps.  Susan T.
Michelle Cash@ECT
10/23/2000 11:10 AM
Susan,
The question of random drug testing of non-DOT employees who work 
side-by-side with DOT employees has come up (see below).  My understanding is 
that we do not do random tests except for DOT personnel.  First, am I 
correct?  Second, have we ever done random testing in this type of 
situation?  Your experience would be helpful.
Thanks.
Michelle
Laura Wilkinson@
10/23/2000 10:29 AM
Michelle, could you please review the correspondence below.  Thanks.
Gary Buck@ECT
10/23/2000 09:17 AM
Laura,
Sounds like they have a precedence for doing it.  This is a question for 
Michelle Cash.     I would not test non-Dot employees unless there was a 
significant reason.   However, I have worked in a DOT environment and 
understand the desire to test them all.   I don't think it is good practice.
Gary 
Laura Wilkinson@
10/20/2000 02:47 PM
Gary, what is your opinion of non-DOT employees being subject to random drug 
tests?  This IT department supports the Gas Controllers,  who are subject to 
random drug tests.  My only concern is if we enforce this policy with one IT 
group and not the rest of the group, is that fair?
Laura Wilkinson
10/20/2000 02:43 PM
Gary, I am going to look into this and get back to you once I have researched 
this question.  Thanks.
Gary Kenagy
10/20/2000 08:16 AM
During the EDS to Enron transition I asked about getting the IT staff 
supporting Gas Control into the random drup testing program within Enron. Per 
the transition agreement, EDS had continued the program with an external drug 
testing vendor after we were outsourced to EDS back in 1985. We need to get 
our staff into the Enron internal program. Not everyone in my group is 
effected, but most are. I've listed the names below. The Gas Control support 
staff is framiliar with the program and aware that they are required to 
participate. I haven't heard anything about it from anyone since the 
transition back to Enron so I am assuming this slipped through the cracks.
The staff listed below all support Gas Control, have access to the SCADA 
systems, and could have significant impact to the operation of the 
applications used in Gas Control to monitor and control the pipeline. 
Thanks, Gary
Basha, Clifford
Kenagy, Gary
Little, Steve
Margoliner, George
Marshall, George
Moore, Michael
Hagen, Robert
Poole, Kenneth
Thompson, Rodney
Sayegh, Angela
Smith, Mike (new hire)
Rodriguez, Ruben
TBD (Vasu Sashti)
TBD (Tracey Brown)
Should that be 2 months or 3 months?  we haven't done less than three, and I 
don't think it is a good idea to go below that.  MHC
Kim Melodick
10/31/2000 01:48 PM
Please prepare a 2 month non-compete agreement for Thomas Swank.  The start 
date of the agreement will be 10/24/00.  Thanks for your help.  If you need 
furhter information, please do not hesitate to ask.
Felicia,  Does this sound right to you?  Just wanted to confirm.  Thanks Michelle
HThomas@gspcorp.com on 11/01/2000 07:19:00 PM
Michelle and Peter, we (GSP) have determined that we are not a federal
government contractor.  Based on feedback from GSP employees, we do
sell newsprint to printers who print material for the federal
government, but we are a 'second-tier' contractor, not a 'first-tier'
contractor.  (Pat McCarthy, the local employment law attorney that I
have been using, used these terms when David Howe and i talked to him
today.)  Pat informed us that second-tier contractors do not have to
abide by all the federal government requirements for contractors.
Based on this, GSP does not plan to file EEO-1 reports or prepare
affirmative action plans.  In addition, we do not feel that we are
subject to an OFCCP audit.
Michelle, since you left me the voicemail telling me that we are not
included in the Enron EEO-1, i assume that also means that Enron's
status as a government contractor does not force us to prepare EEO-1
and AAPs.
Please advise us if you feel we have made incorrect assumptions on any
of this.
Hoyt
Pat, thanks for your comments.  I agree 100%.  Michelle
PS.  My friend who is a photographer is doing a show in Dallas this week.  I 
suspect that we'll see info on his web site pretty soon 
FMackin@aol.com on 11/03/2000 10:15:19 AM
Michelle,
It looks like there are a lot of deal issues to be negotiated.  You have a
good hand on the legal issues for the employment matters.  If a form of
indemnity is required, make it very broad to cover all risks, including, but
not limited to, selection, unlawful discrimination and for permitting
tortuous interference with employment.
I assume that you have received my November 1 memo regarding Bidder D.
Redlined SPA.
I listened in on the labor relations call yesterday, but there didn't seem to
be anything for me to comment on.  I do have one observation about the call.
While I don't know anything about the transaction, the conversation about
employment and benefits would have been facilitated if Enron had previously
submitted a written schedule of all of the documents and information Enron
required in completing its due diligence review, and used that written
schedule to make reference to the data that has not yet been received.
Enron should not let the other side's data schedule or lack of a complete
schedule control Enron's due diligence agenda.  Enron should know in advance
what information it wants and use a check off sheet to manage the due
diligence process.  That way, the other side will better understand what
Enron expectations are.
I use this kind of data management tool all of the time and it is very
helpful to be able to refer to when it was presented to the other side, how
long they have had it and what items are still missing.
I heard nothing like that in the conference call yesterday.  It was though
people were thinking of things as the conversation went along.
Pat
Tim, I just got your letter about  the January trial setting.  When did we 
learn of that setting?  How do we accomplish the goal of keeping our business 
people free from depositions at year-end?  Can that be done?  Michelle
Michelle, I just spoke to Brian Glasser; he informed me that Clonch wants
1.2 mil, therefore, no settlement.  However,  Clonch and Cline have agreed
to meet again this coming Monday to discuss settlement.  Apparently, Clonch
is going to go back and look at his numbers.
Tim C. Carrico
Spilman Thomas & Battle, PLLC
email: tcarrico@spilmanlaw.com
phone:             (304)-340-3856
cell phone:       (304)-549-2681
fax:                  (304)-340-3801
address:           300 Kanawha Blvd., East
Charleston, W.Va. 25301
Dee, could you please forward to Steve Van Hooser our usual checklist on 
employee matters for diligence purposes?  That would be helpful.  Thanks Michelle
Attached is the Summary that Glenn Wright and I used as the basis for 
reviewing the Steam Purchase Agreement and the Lease today 
Jay and Clark, please note that there are a couple of drafting follow up 
instructions contained in the Summary.
Glenn, please let me know if I misstated the resolution of any issues 
discussed.
David, there is at least one follow-up request in the Summary.
Finally, Michelle Cash, ENA's labor and employment attorney informed me that 
there are 23 employees currently involved in the operation of the 2 Cogentrix 
plants and that employee due diligence will take some time.  I am expecting 
to receive a checklist of employment related documentation shortly and will 
forward it on to you so that you can have Alamac obtain such information from 
Cogentrix as soon as possible.  Michelle would like to know what plans have 
been developed to date as to post-acquisition of the 2 plants.  In short, are 
we planning to offer all 23 of Cogentrix's employees jobs? 
Steve
Anne,
I got you an invitation to the Preview Party for Wednesday!  Eden Sholeen is 
going to call you with the details.
Michelle
fyi. 
Kathy Neal@
11/02/2000 04:00 PM
As I receive additional information I will update this report.
Thanks!
Kathy Neal
Manager, Human Resources ENA
x57803
fyi
Kristin Walsh
11/03/2000 03:37 PM
FYI - former Enron employees Jeffrey Bortniker and Lynda Clemmons are the new 
Chief Executive Officer and President/Chief Operating Officer (respectively) 
for Element Re, a new unit of XL Capital Ltd..  The company will provide 
weather risk management insurance, reinsurance and financial products Please let me know if you have any questions or would like us to look into 
this further.
(first announced September 25th)
Thanks,
Kristin
I haven't heard anything from Alice yet.  MHC
Amanda Curless@
12/01/2000 12:01 PM
Michelle,
I talked with Accounts Payable and we are sending payments to the UK. The 
address is 5355 HighStreet, Egham, Great Britain. Thanks!
Mandy
Felicia,
This is a merchant asset, which we currently own 100%, but plan to sell down 
in the coming months.  It absolutely has separate HR functions from Enron they do not participate in Enron benefits, and we are working hard to prevent 
any claims that we could be a joint employer with it 
Thoughts?
Michelle
Michelle,  who is GSP?  Are they a legal entity?  Are they on our payroll If they are we filed EEO-1's for them.    Below is the criteria to file an 
EEO-1 report:
Standard Form 100 must be filed by -
A.  All private employers who are: (1) subject to Title VII of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 (as amended by the Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 
1972) with 100 or more employees EXCLUDING State and local governments, 
primary and secondary school systems, institutions of higher education, 
Indian tribes and tax-exempt private membership clubs other than labor 
organizations; OR (2) subject to Title VII who have fewer than 100 employees 
if the company is owned or affiliated with another company, or there is 
centralized ownership, control or management (such as central control of 
personnel policies and labor relations) so that the group legally constitutes 
a single enterprise, and the entire enterprise employs a total of 100 or more 
employees.
B.  All federal contractors (private employers), who: (1) are not exempt as 
provided for by 41 CFR 60-1.5, (2) have 50 or more employees, and (a) are 
prime contractors or first-tier subcontractors, and have a contract, 
subcontract, or purchase order amounting to $50,000 or more; or (b) serve as 
a depository of Government funds in any amount, or (c) is a financial 
institution which is an issuing and paying agent for U.S. Savings Bonds and 
Notes. 
All multi-establishment employers, i.e. employers doing business at more than 
one establishment, must file: (1) a report covering the principal or 
headquarters office; (2) a separate report for each establishment employing 
50 or more persons; (3) a consolidated report that MUST include ALL employees 
by race, sex and job category in establishments with 50 or more employees as 
well as establishments with fewer than 50 employees; and (4) a list, showing 
the name, address, total employment and major activity for each establishment 
employ-ing fewer than 50 persons, must accompany the consolidated report.
All forms for a multi-establishment company must be collected by the 
headquarters office for its establishments or by the parent corporation for 
its subsidiary holdings and submitted in one package.
For the purposes of this report, the term parent corporation refers to any 
corporation which owns all or the majority stock of another corporation so 
that the latter stands in the relation to it of a subsidiary.
The OFCCP has always held that subsidiary companies that do not have direct 
govt contracts must comply with AAP regulations if the parent company or 
other subsidiary companies benefit from government contracts.  Their line of 
thought is that the subsidiary without government contracts benefits 
indirectly from the contract as well.   If GSP is completely free standing 
and they do not participate in Enron's benefits, abide by our policies or 
procedures , participate in our bonus process that may partially or wholly be 
funded by Enron Corp. , etc., they may have some type of argement not to 
comply  but I doubt it.  If we own them over 51% I don't see a way they could 
not file EEO-1's and have an AAP.  We do all the AAP's in Corporate so if 
this is a freestanding Business Unit I need to know. 
Thanks!
Felecia
Michelle Cash@ECT
11/01/2000 07:49 PM
Felicia,  Does this sound right to you?  Just wanted to confirm.  Thanks Michelle
HThomas@gspcorp.com on 11/01/2000 07:19:00 PM
Michelle and Peter, we (GSP) have determined that we are not a federal
government contractor.  Based on feedback from GSP employees, we do
sell newsprint to printers who print material for the federal
government, but we are a 'second-tier' contractor, not a 'first-tier'
contractor.  (Pat McCarthy, the local employment law attorney that I
have been using, used these terms when David Howe and i talked to him
today.)  Pat informed us that second-tier contractors do not have to
abide by all the federal government requirements for contractors.
Based on this, GSP does not plan to file EEO-1 reports or prepare
affirmative action plans.  In addition, we do not feel that we are
subject to an OFCCP audit.
Michelle, since you left me the voicemail telling me that we are not
included in the Enron EEO-1, i assume that also means that Enron's
status as a government contractor does not force us to prepare EEO-1
and AAPs.
Please advise us if you feel we have made incorrect assumptions on any
of this.
Hoyt
Kathy, I think we should do some sort of an assignment agreement.  It does 
not have to be as long and involved as our current ones, but we should paper 
it up.  Michelle
Kathy Neal@
11/06/2000 11:08 AM
Michelle:
Gary Hanks is putting together a plan on how to better utilize his team in 
supporting Bridgeline with their gas control training.  It may result in 
having his team rotate during this one-month cross-training.  With this, do 
we need to put together assignment letters indicating they will be rotating 
on a monthly basis or can this just happen without an assignment letter.  I 
don't think we need to add any additional compensation for this one-month 
cross training.   All expenses will be paid by Texaco.
Let me know what you think.
Kathy Neal
Manager, Human Resources
x57803
Cheryl,
I am taking 12/1 off as a vacation day -- so, let's play!!!  I have a hair 
appointment Saturday, which I cannot really change this late in the year So, do you want to get a haircut, manicure, or anything else beautifying 
while you are here?  If so, I'll book something for you 
There is no way we would have you babysit.  In fact, we have a  sitter for 
Saturday night. so we can go somewhere fun for dinner and maybe even see a 
movie or do anything else you may want to do.
I can't wait for your visit!!
Michelle
Cheryl.Brinkman@mckhboc.com on 11/06/2000 11:34:38 AM
I'm all set for my Houston visit.  I can't wait.  I get in to Houston about
3:30 on friday Dec, the day after your anniversary.  If you and Trey are
going out for your anniversary I can babysit!  I don't want to cramp your
anniversary celebration. As soon as the travel agent e-mails my intenerary
I'll send it on to you.
Cheryl
Dear Gerald,
I received and reviewed your email, and I will check with my clients on your 
proposal.  I expect that I will have an answer later this week.
I understand that my assistant has sent you the documents by email.   Let me 
know if you did not receive them.
Feel free to give me a call to discuss.
Michelle Cash
Cindy, Tim, Marly, Pam, and Neil 
I will make my house available for you do do the first week of laundry this 
weekend.  How about 6:30 am on Saturday?  After that, you can schedule it at 
your convenience for the rest of the 4 weeks 
I am prepared for you ; I bought Tide, Downey, and Bounce, as well as spray 
starch for all the ironing that needs to be done -- don't worry, I only have 
5-6 full-sized tablecloths and about 15 of Trey's shirts to be ironed.  That 
shouldn't take too long.
See you then. 
Michelle
David Oxley
11/06/2000 01:45 PM
Gerry, Michelle and I rather enjoyed our discussion at lunch time. It was 
highly productive and I would like to thank those who took the time out of 
their very busy schedules to attend.
In no small way related to the high calibre of the people at the meeting and 
the skills of the facilitation, we accomplished a great deal. For ease of 
reference and to make sure you each are clearly on you action before our next 
meeting, here is a summary:
General Minutes
The group voted David, Michele and Gerry as the most intelligent and 
attractive members of the HR community
Gerry had the most interesting strory about disciplining people who are 
always late for meetings by having their houses visited by a radical 
Californian based sect who do the reverse of an exorcism.
The average IQ of those present was measured as over 200 (thanks to Michelle).
Gerry won the tic tack tow tournament 
I won the biggest feet competition
Follow up action points
It was agreed that Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam would do the laundry for 
Michelle for the next 4 weeks.
It was agreed that Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam would clean David and 
Gerry's houses every Tuseday and Thursday for the next month (Gerry is 
concerned about his antique china and has requested that Neil doesn't visit 
his home).
All the wrongs of the world are to be solved and the necessary actions 
implemented by Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam by next Monday at 5pm central 
time (including third world debt and world hunger).
Thanks
David
Go ahead and file it.  Thanks.  Michelle
Hi Michelle -- just a reminder note that no one has told me to file the
Alonzo Williams petition. Have the powers that be decided to let this one
ride? And, more importantly, when can we reschedule lunch? Let me know Bill
On lunch, I've asked Twanda to reschedule.  thanks.  mhc
Hi Michelle -- just a reminder note that no one has told me to file the
Alonzo Williams petition. Have the powers that be decided to let this one
ride? And, more importantly, when can we reschedule lunch? Let me know Bill
for your entertainment.  mhc
You really don't want me doing your laundry - just ask my husband how many 
pair of pink underwear he has as a result of my laundry ability!
Michelle Cash@ECT
11/07/00 11:45 AM
Cindy, Tim, Marly, Pam, and Neil 
I will make my house available for you do do the first week of laundry this 
weekend.  How about 6:30 am on Saturday?  After that, you can schedule it at 
your convenience for the rest of the 4 weeks 
I am prepared for you ; I bought Tide, Downey, and Bounce, as well as spray 
starch for all the ironing that needs to be done -- don't worry, I only have 
5-6 full-sized tablecloths and about 15 of Trey's shirts to be ironed.  That 
shouldn't take too long.
See you then. 
Michelle
David Oxley
11/06/2000 01:45 PM
Gerry, Michelle and I rather enjoyed our discussion at lunch time. It was 
highly productive and I would like to thank those who took the time out of 
their very busy schedules to attend.
In no small way related to the high calibre of the people at the meeting and 
the skills of the facilitation, we accomplished a great deal. For ease of 
reference and to make sure you each are clearly on you action before our next 
meeting, here is a summary:
General Minutes
The group voted David, Michele and Gerry as the most intelligent and 
attractive members of the HR community
Gerry had the most interesting strory about disciplining people who are 
always late for meetings by having their houses visited by a radical 
Californian based sect who do the reverse of an exorcism.
The average IQ of those present was measured as over 200 (thanks to Michelle).
Gerry won the tic tack tow tournament 
I won the biggest feet competition
Follow up action points
It was agreed that Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam would do the laundry for 
Michelle for the next 4 weeks.
It was agreed that Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam would clean David and 
Gerry's houses every Tuseday and Thursday for the next month (Gerry is 
concerned about his antique china and has requested that Neil doesn't visit 
his home).
All the wrongs of the world are to be solved and the necessary actions 
implemented by Tim, Cindy, Marla, Neil and Pam by next Monday at 5pm central 
time (including third world debt and world hunger).
Thanks
David
Hector,
I met with David Baumbaugh today about Bridgeline.  Apparently, we have sent 
Trey Logan over there to replace O'Neal Winfree.  We thus need to do an 
assignment letter for Logan.  Could you please provide me and Twanda with the 
particulars so that we can paper it up? 
Thanks.
Michelle
Here is the latest piece of information.  Michelle
Michelle - I am scheduled to be in Europe the week of Nov. 27, and in Asia 
the week of Dec. 4.  In addition we are trying to close a synfuel deal with 
AIG / Aquila by year end.  AIG is located in Conn. and Aquila is located in 
Kansas City.  We are also trying to close complex originated deals with 
Kennecott (Gillette, Wyo.), Vulcan and Arch (both in St. Louis) and I am 
trying to leave as much time open as possible in order to be available to 
meet with each of the above companies in order to get our deals closed.
Thanks,
George
Michelle Cash
11/08/2000 12:31 PM
The attorneys for Rick Clonch want to depose you in December.  What are the 
commercial reasons that we can use to argue against that?  For example, are 
you working on deals that require you to be out of town?  Are you too busy 
(explain in detail)?  If you provide me with this information, I can forward 
it to our lawyers, who can use it to try to move the depositions until 
January.
Your quick reply would be helpful.
George, I know we talked about your scheduled international travel.  Any 
other reasons?
Thanks.
Michelle
Trey Cash@
11/02/2000 03:23 PM
They must be hurting for business -- but I thought you might want to take a 
look at their site.
L, T
JGS Alumni Office  A message of "holiday greetings" from a JGS alum 
Ashford.com (www.ashford.com) would like to offer the employees, students
and alumni of Rice University
a 20% discount off of the items on our site - just in time for the holidays!
Whether you are looking a fantastic gift for a loved one, or the perfect
corporate gift, you can now save 20% off Ashford.com's irresistible
selection of luxury brands*. We have a vast collection of fine watches,
vintage watches,
pens, designer jewelry, sunglasses, ties, scarves, diamonds, handbags and
leather goods - all just a click away.
The e-coupon code is 6B368AAAAA - expiration date is
12/31/00, not good with any other promotional offers.
Feel free to pass it along.
Here are the details:
To save the 20%, simply enter the coupon code on your online order form
during checkout.
*There are some restrictions on the coupon. It is not valid on loose
diamonds, select jewelry items, fragrances, items on our Corporate Gifts
site and gift certificates. Each coupon is only valid for one use per
email. It is not valid with any other coupon, special, or promotion. And
finally, it expires on December 31, 2000 - so act fast!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS & HAPPY SHOPPING! Take care.
Amy Oates Fitzgerald
Director of Brand Marketing
Ashford.com
713-369-2380
aoates@ashford.com
Looks good to me. MHC
Yes, we will reword it.  In fact, we are looking at a review of the entire 
application.  Michelle
Candace Womack
11/13/2000 08:53 AM
Michelle - I have not heard back about the Application, and I wanted to be 
able to tell Ryan something before she leaves.  Wednesday is her last day Can you please let me know if you will be able to reword this section?
Thanks.
Candace
Candace Womack
11/06/2000 04:16 PM
Michelle -
In the meeting we had last month regarding background investigation policies, 
we discussed the area on our current application where the candidate is asked 
to disclose convictions, etc.  In some instances, the candidate could 
truthfully disclose nothing, yet have a misdemeanor conviction for theft, 
possession, etc.  or other charges that would be potential disqualifiers for 
a position with Enron.  Since the question is poorly phrased, you had 
recommended that this piece be reworded, and you suggested that Ryan Seleznov 
bring it up in the Recruiting Council.  I brought this up to Ryan, but she 
felt that this would probably be more in the province of your area or Felicia 
Acevedo.  Would you like to take this task on, or would it be more 
appropriate to ask Felicia Acevedo to work on it?
Thanks.
Candace
Any interest in either of these candidates?  They are presented by a 
headhunter.  Let me know.  Michelle
Tracie_Waligura@rwr.com on 11/10/2000 10:44:37 AM
Richard, Wayne and Roberts
Michelle - As discussed, attached are the resumes of Andy Becnel (corporate
attorney) and Bruce Reemsnyder (energy attorney).
(See attached file: andrew becnel resume.doc)(See attached file: andrew becnel
deals.doc)
(See attached file: bruce reemsnyder resume.doc)
Tracie Waligura
Legal Recruiter
24 Greenway Plaza, Suite  1304
Houston, Texas 77046
Toll:        800-364-7979  Ext. 7254
Direct:    713-358-7254
Fax:        713-623-2740
Email:    twaligura@rwr.com
Internet 
- andrew becnel resume.doc
- andrew becnel deals.doc
- bruce reemsnyder resume.doc
Janie,  Has Peggy been hired yet?  If not, would you please forward me her 
resume again?  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle Cash
10/16/2000 12:14 PM
Let's see what happens.  MHC
Fran, any word from Nancy?  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle Cash
11/02/2000 05:17 PM
This email summarizes my conversation on employee matters with Nancy Quigg 
Young, which took place  yesterday.
Logistics.  The most significant area for the employee matters involves the 
logistics of the buyer hiring the employees.  In the original agreement that 
we proposed, we would allow the buyer to interview employees, select the ones 
they wanted to hire, and require that the buyer keep them employed for at 
least 2 years.  Their counter proposal was that they got to hire who they 
wanted, have us pay severance on all others, and they would have no 
obligation to keep them for any length of time.
Since then, there have been discussions internally that we want all employees 
to go with the sale, with the buyer taking the action of severing employees 
(although we would fund severance costs under the Enron formula).  I raised 
that proposal with Nancy, who is going to discuss it with her business 
clients 
In the alternative, if the buyer selects the people it hires, and we have to 
eliminate the jobs for those not selected, I informed her that we would 
require an indemnity for claims made against us based on the selection 
process 
Base Salary.  The counteroffer made by Bidder D does not provide that the 
employees hired from HPL would receive at least the same base salary as they 
earn at Enron.  This is important because a severance payment could be due if 
an employee does not accept a job at a lower salary.  Karen appeared 
unwilling to agree to pay divested employees outside of the buyer's salary 
bands (note:  paying outside of a salary band in the context of an 
acquisition is standard procedure, but she was acting as if it were an 
incredibly difficult accomplishment).  She claimed that one problem lies in 
not knowing the exact salary for each employee at issue.  We pushed back on 
this and offered to provide average salaries for each job level, to allow her 
to get comfortable with the ranges.  Fran Mayes will provide this 
information, which may eliminate this issue.
Bonus.  In our proposal, we asked that the hired employees receive a total 
bonus payment that is at least equal to what they earned their last year at 
Enron.  Bidder D did not provide any such guarantee.  Karen said that she 
needed our "bonus formula" before she could commit to this.  I explained that 
we have no bonus formula and that our bonuses are based on performance of the 
company and the individual.  We previously had provided total bonus amounts 
for the entire group, and she could make a determination of bonus costs on a 
consolidated basis for her deal folks to calculate.  j
She said she was "not sure if they could get there" on the bonus issue, 
particularly since she thinks our bonuses will be extra high this year.  I 
offered to discuss whether we could modify the amounts by averaging the last 
two years, which she thought might make it better 
Unvested Equity.  When I explained to her that we could not supervest 
unvested options, she indicated that there was a "possibility" that the 
amount could be made up in stock options of Bidder D.  I think this is the 
"win-win" position, but I think it will have to be pushed.
Vacation.  Their vacation plan maxes out at 4 weeks; ours maxes out at 5 
weeks.  She thinks she may be able to propose that, for the first year the 
employees work for the buyer, they can use the vacation accrual from Enron, 
but after that, they are subject to the buyer's vacation plan.  This approach 
is reasonable.
WARN Act.  There is the slight possibility of WARN Act implications, in the 
unlikely event that closing occurs within 60 days of signing.  The WARN  Act 
requires a company to give employees 60 days notice of a plant closing or 
mass layoff.  This situation probably would qualify.  Thus, we would have to 
give 60 days notice to all employees who potentially may be affected.  We can 
pay in lieu of notice, in the event that the closing (and thus the 
terminations) occur sooner than 60 days after closing, but we may want to 
spell out who bears that cost, if it is incurred.
Benefits.  Other than the vacation benefit described above, it appears that 
Bidder D has benefits that generally are of the same nature as Enron's 
benefits.  Thus, allowing the hired employees to participate in the buyer's 
benefits plans, with credit for years of service at Enron, likely would be 
comparable to their situations here.
I expect that we will hear from Bidder D with their proposals on these issues 
once Fran provides Nancy with the salary data.  Please let me know if you 
have any questions.
Michelle
Bill, I'll be in tomorrow; let's discuss this matter.  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle:
The Alonzo Williams matter landed in the 127th (Sharolyn Wood). I'm keeping
after them on the citation but we do not have service yet. I'll let you know
as soon as we do.
,
Bill
For AMPS:  Here are the HR questions for diligence.  Michelle
Hector -- we do not know the details of how this will work.  It has not been 
finally decided.  I would suggest that we remain vague about the whole thing 
until the deal, if it happens, is signed.  Michelle
Michelle or Fran, 
Could you please clarify this point for Pat and his group?
Thanks, hgm
Hector,
Please clarify this issue that came out of the meeting on Friday:
My group heard the following statement:
If you get a comparable offer from the new company (same title and same 
salary) and you decline the offer then
you are basically resigning from Enron.  You will not be placed into the 
redeployment pool and you are not eligible for 
a severence package.
Pat
You should have it.  I sent it yesterday.  Michelle
Twanda, could you confirm?  Thanks.  MHC
Carol Coats
11/15/2000 05:18 PM
Michelle, Sheila asked that I check with you to inquire about the status of 
Bill's agreement She was just wondering where we stand with it.  We appreciate your help in 
answering 
this question for us.
Thanks so very much,
Carol
3-6613
fyi.  Does this give you enough information?  MHC
Kathy Neal@
11/15/2000 04:48 PM
The CFO of Power Systems Manufacturing is  Wayne Garrett.
John Howton is forwarding your e:mail to Wayne's attention to review and 
answer questions.  Wayne and I both feel that this is a clean transfer of 
employees.  The story is as follows:
1.  They are payroll by ADP in Fort Lauderdale.  The representative is Sonia 
Vassell (954) 717-6975.  The code that they are currently using is PXU for 
processing payroll.  These employees are paid bi-weekly.
2.   Benefits = Health, Dental and Life in which Wayne does not have a 
problem with continuing to pay their benefits until the end of the year This will allow us approximately 1 1/2 months to set the AMPS company up 
(effective 1/1/2001).
3.  Vacation is 15 days which include sick and vacation.  Wayne company will 
pay any accrued vacation given us a chance to determine how we want to 
structure vacation effective 1/1/2001.
4. 401K is administered by Fidelity.  There is not a company match.  So, we 
can figure out how  to handle 401k going forward.
5.  Disburse Power is the holding company that Wayne has set up to hold these 
employees until AMPS is established.
I asked John Howton who is responsible for getting the joint venture company 
"AMPS" set up and he will call me back with that answer.  Maybe you know the 
answer.
It seems to me that this is a clean set up.  We need to determine how we want 
to process their payroll, how to handle benefits and which policies we want 
to put in place for these employees.  John has a spreadsheet with employee 
information that he will forward to our attention. 
I know you will have more detailed questions and we will need to funnel 
everything through John Howton.
Let's schedule a time to discuss in more detail tomorrow.
What about payrolling through an agency so that he is on a contract-to-hire 
basis?  That way, we can say that the intent is to hire, but that we are 
evaluating the situation before making a regular, full-time offer.  Customers 
understand contract-to-hire concept, so it may not raise "lack of commitment" 
jitters.
What do you think?
Michelle
Shanna Funkhouser@
12/05/2000 07:05 PM
Michelle,
Mark Tawney has a situation where he wants to hire a Manager level person in 
the Chicago office on a trial basis as a Marketer of Weather products.
This is a trial effort and if it fails, there would be no job for him in 
Houston or otherwise.  Mark is thinking that a 6-9 month evaluation period 
would be adequate to determine success.  How would you recommend that we 
structure an offer that gives us an out if the initiative fails.  We thought 
about hiring him as a contractor or consultant in order to minimize our 
commitment, but we're concerned that if our potential customers learn of his 
employment status, it may appear to our customers that we are not committed 
to the effort or the market.  Mark is willing to be completely above board 
with the candidate that this may or may not work.
My belief is that we are going to have more of this exact situation in EGM Kevin McGowan is also looking for a Marketer for Coal.  The people they are 
targeting have sales backgrounds and would not be re-deployable in other 
parts of Enron.
My goal is to minimize our exposure on the front end!
Shanna
Dan, here is info on AMPS.  Some of these points should be included in deal 
documents.  Michelle
Kathy Neal@
11/15/2000 04:48 PM
The CFO of Power Systems Manufacturing is  Wayne Garrett.
John Howton is forwarding your e:mail to Wayne's attention to review and 
answer questions.  Wayne and I both feel that this is a clean transfer of 
employees.  The story is as follows:
1.  They are payroll by ADP in Fort Lauderdale.  The representative is Sonia 
Vassell (954) 717-6975.  The code that they are currently using is PXU for 
processing payroll.  These employees are paid bi-weekly.
2.   Benefits = Health, Dental and Life in which Wayne does not have a 
problem with continuing to pay their benefits until the end of the year This will allow us approximately 1 1/2 months to set the AMPS company up 
(effective 1/1/2001).
3.  Vacation is 15 days which include sick and vacation.  Wayne company will 
pay any accrued vacation given us a chance to determine how we want to 
structure vacation effective 1/1/2001.
4. 401K is administered by Fidelity.  There is not a company match.  So, we 
can figure out how  to handle 401k going forward.
5.  Disburse Power is the holding company that Wayne has set up to hold these 
employees until AMPS is established.
I asked John Howton who is responsible for getting the joint venture company 
"AMPS" set up and he will call me back with that answer.  Maybe you know the 
answer.
It seems to me that this is a clean set up.  We need to determine how we want 
to process their payroll, how to handle benefits and which policies we want 
to put in place for these employees.  John has a spreadsheet with employee 
information that he will forward to our attention. 
I know you will have more detailed questions and we will need to funnel 
everything through John Howton.
Let's schedule a time to discuss in more detail tomorrow.
Dorie,
I think this looks good.  I have two tweaks:
On the "Let me be clear" sentence, I'd delete the "let me be clear" 
introduction.  I think the last sentence speaks for itself In the last sentence, why not conclude by saying that if they don't pay, "we 
will have no choice but to take further action on this matter" and delete the 
reference to attorneys.
Let me know if you have any questions.  Otherwise, it is good to go.
Good luck!
Michelle
Attached is the revised ERI letter incorporating your changes from 
yesterday.  Please take a 'fresh' look at the letter and advise me of any 
additional changes and/or comments.  I am out of the office today, so please 
send any changes via my interoffice email.  I am hoping to get the final 
letter sent to Diane Nielsen by email and courier later today.
Again, it was a pleasure meeting you yesterday and I appreciate all of your 
guidance concerning this matter!
This is great 
Can you believe all that is going on in Sunny Florida?  I called Nat/Laura to 
get their take on the mayhem, but I haven't been able to talk with them.  I 
got a voice mail from Laura that Jesse Jackson was leading a demonstration up 
the street from their house!  They are right in the thick of it.
Later.  MHC
Cheryl.Brinkman@mckhboc.com on 11/15/2000 06:02:01 PM
yes, forwarding a joke - I'm sorry, but it's pretty good.
Cheryl
 To the citizens of the United States of America >
 In the light of your failure to elect a President of the USA and thus to
 govern yourselves, we hereby give notice of the revocation of your
 independence, effective today.