What the fuck is up with that?
You will get reimbursed once you have taken the exam.  After you have done 
that you may use the education assistance form and turn it in to Randy Martin 
for reimbursement.  This can only be done after the exam has been taken.
Thanks!
Dolores
Dolores,
I have signed up for the CFA exam in June.  Who do I need to talk to to get a 
reimbursement?
Thanks,
Eric
aren't we presumptious.  of course i want to see you tonight.  but i have to 
work out before coming over!  what are you making me for dinner?
and do you want me to bring over a movie?
and, by the way, you have my permission to go to your little crawfish boil on 
sat.
e
Shanna Husser@
03/21/2000 01:00 PM
Hey!  Did we ever come up with our plans for the week/weekend?  I know that 
you said you were busy Wednesday and Thursday night- so I figured you and I 
would do something Friday night.  Michelle (one of the girls that I work 
with) asked if I wanted to go with her to a crawfish boil Saturday late 
afternoon- but I got the idea that it wasn't a bring a date type thing.  I 
haven't eaten crawfish in an age- so sounded like fun- I know that we don't 
usually so stuff during the day on the weekends- but I wanted to make sure 
that you didn't have anything planned for us to do that afternoon before I 
told her one way or the other.  But- even if I went to the boil- I would be 
back in time to go out later that night 
Just let me know what you think.  Oh- and I guess since you can't see me 
Wednesday or Thursday- that probably means that you want to see me tonight. 
Shanna
Have you heard anything on the sitara issues?
Thanks,
Eric
Can you help me out here?  I don't have the details in the attached E-mail So I need to understand what the product is so that we can determine the 
"back office" issues.  Apparently, time frame is short.  So I appreciate the 
info ASAP.  Thanks.
Edward D Gottlob
03/21/2000 10:01 AM
Brenda, can you get someone to work through the issues the back office may 
have.  I would like to get this product up and running before the end of 
April.  EDG
FYI.  There might be some back office issues with this Dale Neuner on 03/16/2000 04:25:45 PM
My peice of this, the language component, is easy to do. The trouble comes in 
with logistics. We need to check with the Sitara Group to see if this is 
feasible. In the OTC world it's a lay-up because you can enter the different 
legs into the system and skip the weekends. The issue re: doing this on EOL 
is the ability of the system NOT TO NOMINATE on certain dates.
Scott Mills is out on vacation until Monday and he's the man I have to see. I 
will follow up with him next week.
Dale
3-9746
Dan,
Sorry to keep bothering you, but does what we talked about earlier pertain to 
EOL trades as well given the language in those contracts, i.e. requiring 
outside parties to honor contracts if they claim "force majeure"?
Thanks,
Eric
x3-0977
i don't know any of those people either
Russ Porter@
11/13/2000 03:49 PM
Luis,
I haven't heard when the season is supposed to start, but it should be in 
early April.  So, I will try to schedule a practice.
Let me know when you are back.
Eric
Luis Mena@_DEVELOPMENT
03/20/2000 12:50 PM
Eric,
I am finally coming home this weekend (from India).  Doesn't flag football 
start soon??  If so, shouldn't we get a practice together at some point next 
week??
Tim,
I can only imagine your excitement w/ LSU and the fact that for one day and 
until your team is eliminated, you are the superior school.  I havent seen 
one minute of one game so your picture was what I had in my mind from what my 
friends told me.  I also know that my tournament brackets are fucked up and 
absurdly low.
Luis
i will go if you want me to - does that sound familiar?
Shanna Husser@
03/20/2000 02:33 PM
OK- Would I have asked you if I didn't want you to go??  Just like a woman.
In all honesty- if you don't want to go- I probably won't go either.  I am 
not a huge professional baseball fan- it is so slow!-  so to go to something 
like that I really need to enjoy the people that I am with.  Don't think that 
the tax department necessarily falls into that category- but would be 
bareable if you were there. Just a side thought- but my dad would be so mad 
if he knew I had the opportunity to go- but didn't.  Don't know why that just 
popped in my head.  I guess I write e-mails using "stream of consciousness" 
also.
Also- you know- you and Jennifer are a lot alike.  You know how you send me 
ugly e-mails when you are the last person on any group e-mail that I send 
out.  Well- she is even worse- she just called and yelled at me- b/c she was 
not the FIRST person on a group e-mail that I sent 
SH
do you want me to go?
Shanna Husser@
03/20/2000 01:15 PM
Hey-
April 10th Astros game vs. St. Louis- do you want to go??  I need to let them 
know if I want another to get on the list for an extra ticket 
SH
do you want me to go?
Shanna Husser@
03/20/2000 01:15 PM
Hey-
April 10th Astros game vs. St. Louis- do you want to go??  I need to let them 
know if I want another to get on the list for an extra ticket 
SH
Dolores,
I have signed up for the CFA exam in June.  Who do I need to talk to to get a 
reimbursement?
Thanks,
Eric
what sounds good. next week or thurs?
Danielle Samson  Sounds Good.
Sorry about the headache.  I hear that slamming your head
against the wall
is good for getting rid of migraines.  Oh wait that's what I
do at work to
help me think about something other than losing lots of
money - never mind.
Thurs is probably best then - if not then maybe next week.
e
Danielle Samson  04:24:43 AM
My weekend was ok.  Sorry if I stopped by at a bad time on
Thursday!  I've
had a migraine for the last two days, and it still hasn't
gone away, so I'm
not feeling 100% today.  I won't be able to get together
until after
Wednesday or so, if that is all right, I have so much going
on in  school
this week.  Keep in touch and let me know what day is good
for you!
-Dee
I'm sorry, I forgot that you were clairvoyant.  I don't think you can make a 
case that you were smart for betting me without the points.  That's like me 
saying that Enron's stock is trading at 70 why don't I buy it for 80 b/c I am 
confident that it is going to 90.
That's real smart.  No wonder EES loses money!
Going below the belt?  If that makes you feel better, because you were wrong 
about your team and conference AGAIN, so be it.  There are still seats 
available on the bandwagon.  The fee is only $50.  How smart you were to bet 
me without giving any points - definitely worth bragging about.
Eric Bass@ECT
03/20/2000 09:29 AM
how was the well this weekend?
One other thing 
Teams in the Sweet 16
SEC - 3
Big 12 - 2
Bass, not working out the way you thought it would, huh?
Sorry about the headache.  I hear that slamming your head against the wall is 
good for getting rid of migraines.  Oh wait that's what I do at work to help 
me think about something other than losing lots of money - never mind.
Thurs is probably best then - if not then maybe next week.
e
Danielle Samson  My weekend was ok.  Sorry if I stopped by at a bad time on Thursday!  I've
had a migraine for the last two days, and it still hasn't gone away, so I'm
not feeling 100% today.  I won't be able to get together until after
Wednesday or so, if that is all right, I have so much going on in  school
this week.  Keep in touch and let me know what day is good for you!
-Dee
i  have his marathon pictures up as wallpaper on my computer.  he is so sexy 
with his shirt off.  did you have a good weekend?
do you still want to get togehter after work sometime this week 
lemme know
Danielle Samson  Are you moving too, or just Brian? He he he I'm upset there are no pictures attached to this one!
-D
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I'm moving this weekend to another apartment in the same complex.  We're
overlooking the pool now, so stop by and visit.  I've attached the new
address.  Phone numbers will remain the same.
Things here in Houston are going well.  I'm going to Eastern Europe March
29-April 11.  The tentative schedule is Budapest, Prague, Munich, Salzberg,
Vienna, and Marseille.  The weekend after I get back is the MS-150 bike ride
from Houston to Austin, so wish me luck!
Hope all's well,
Brian
Brian T. Hoskins
Home:                          Office:
email:
bthoskins@hotmail.com  
______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at  
how was the well this weekend?
One other thing 
Teams in the Sweet 16
SEC - 3
Big 12 - 2
Bass, not working out the way you thought it would, huh?
FYI.  There might be some back office issues with this Dale Neuner on 03/16/2000 04:25:45 PM
My peice of this, the language component, is easy to do. The trouble comes in 
with logistics. We need to check with the Sitara Group to see if this is 
feasible. In the OTC world it's a lay-up because you can enter the different 
legs into the system and skip the weekends. The issue re: doing this on EOL 
is the ability of the system NOT TO NOMINATE on certain dates.
Scott Mills is out on vacation until Monday and he's the man I have to see. I 
will follow up with him next week.
Dale
3-9746
what is ramiro's last name?
Everything is working.
Thanks for the help.
Eric
Julie Pechersky
03/17/2000 07:45 AM
Eric:
You should now have access to CQG.  To install CQG choose Start, Programs, 
Trading, CQG Local Install.  After the application has
installed you will choose Start, Programs, Trading, CQG to access.  No 
password is necessary, find your name in the drop down menu
and choose login. 
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Julie
Market deals are only captured in accrual value calculations if they are in 
the wellhead portfolio.  I do not recall any sales currently in the wellhead 
portfolio.  However, I do not see a problem with the market deals unless they 
were marked improperly (e.g. accrual adders).
-EB
Would you all look at this, and make sure you all agree with the break-out It is my understanding that this expense has NOT been included in Tom's P&L If so, why hasn't it 
Eric:  How are market deals reflected in the accrual value calculations?
Brenda,
I am going through the market meters right now and am finding the following 
results for February.
TOM $124,002
GREG      $9,285
I started the process by pulling all the meters and associated transport 
rates off the transport capacity tickets.  I pulled them based on the 
delivery rates being greater than the matrix.  I then researched the deals to 
pull the deal tickets.  If the deal occurred before 7/99, then I assigned the 
expense to Tom.  If the deal occurred after 7/99, then I looked at who the 
dealmaker was and based the assignment of the transport expense on who the 
dealmaker was.  In all cases, either Papayoti or Lamphier did the deal.
I also trued up the transport rate to the transport rate on the deal ticket This includes occasions when the transport capacity ticket did not have a 
transport rate but the transport capacity ticket had an increased rate.  In 
other words, I defaulted to the deal ticket so that we could have a paper 
record of the transport rate.
As of now, I still have to pull January volume and attach the rate to the 
March transport.  I wanted to go through the full analysis first and now that 
I have the actual transport rate from the deal ticket, I know which rate to 
attach.
I will pursue these avenues next.  Please let me know what questions you have.
Heidi
PS Details are attached.
Here is my bracket.  I will bring the money down around 10:30.
When is graduation?  And, of course I will show up.  Although, if I recall, 
you didn't show up for mine!
You can send the announcement to 2512 Milam St. #5216, 77006.
I haven't heard of the advertising firm.  What kind of projects do they work 
on?   I am going to Earth Day. Are you?  Are you bringing Rebecca again this 
year? 
We will probably go out to Kenneally's, Griff's or Birraporetti's for St. 
Patty's day.  What about you?
e
Danielle Samson  The fam is doing well.  Dad has been travelling for work and the rest of the
fam, just relaxing I guess.  This is spring break for the girls, so they
haven't been doing too much!  So, where do I send my graduation
announcement?  Do you think you will be able to show up?  Or are you too
busy?  I'm sending my resume to an advertising firm in town, today, Daily
Communications, have you ever heard of them?  Are you still thinking about
going to earth day?  What about st. Patricks day, are you doing anything?
-d
Things are going well here.  I have been pretty busy losing
lots of money at
work.
Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the
month, but I can't go
because of work.  It doesn't bother me that much though.   I
will probably try
to take a trip over there in May.  On top of that I am
thinking about a cruise
this summer some time.
Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new
apartment within the Park
at Midtown.  Brian recently got his bike stolen from the
balcony, so we are
going to move to an interior apartment.  Of course, I
wouldn't expect you to
relate to any of this because you have never seen my
apartment.  Oh well, I
guess you have your priorities.
Other than that, not a whole lot going on.  How are things
with you and the fam?
e
Danielle Samson  05:24:32 AM
Hey Ner,
Just wanted to write you a quick note and say hi.  I hope
everything is
going o.k.  I haven't heard from you in a while.  How's the
fam?  Any trips
planned for you yet?  Have you found out anymore about the
Europe trip?  How
is work going?  And the apartment?  Are you still getting
along with Brian?
Hope all is going well.
-Dee
Things are going well here.  I have been pretty busy losing lots of money at 
work Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the month, but I can't go 
because of work.  It doesn't bother me that much though.   I will probably 
try to take a trip over there in May.  On top of that I am thinking about a 
cruise this summer some time.
Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new apartment within the 
Park at Midtown.  Brian recently got his bike stolen from the balcony, so we 
are going to move to an interior apartment.  Of course, I wouldn't expect you 
to relate to any of this because you have never seen my apartment.  Oh well, 
I guess you have your priorities 
Other than that, not a whole lot going on.  How are things with you and the 
fam?
e
Danielle Samson  Hey Ner,
Just wanted to write you a quick note and say hi.  I hope everything is
going o.k.  I haven't heard from you in a while.  How's the fam?  Any trips
planned for you yet?  Have you found out anymore about the Europe trip?  How
is work going?  And the apartment?  Are you still getting along with Brian?
Hope all is going well.
-Dee 
Phil,
Can you provide me with the most recent Entex Deferral Balance?
Thanks
I don't know about meter 4486, but the other three are good.  In addition, 
meter 5792 is another meter that is serviced in the Lufkin-Diboll area.
Eric, I am checking the process now for incorporating all transport revenue 
due Ed for delivery meters in the Texas region.  The following meters have 
transport rates attached to them which are above and beyond the matrix rates 
Ed quotes to Tom.  I believe that we are already capturing all Ed's 
revenue/Tom's expense for this gas at these meters, but want to be sure of 
that.   Would you let me know if these are the meters for which we are 
manually moving around money from Tom to Ed for the residential portion of 
the Lufkin-Diboll volume?
I believe that the industrial portion of this volume is included already as 
part of Ducote's deal, and I believe that the residential portion is volume 
which you determine and then move from Tom to Ed every month.
Is this right?
Heidi
lets make it worthwhile - how about $500?
$50 straight up-no points.  And I don't want to hear any crying that you're 
seeded lower.  If you're as good as you think and your conference is that 
much better, you hould have no worries.
asshole
And you are giving me crap about losing money 
?
Tim is once again proving how hard work is over there at EES.  Keep holding 
the stock price back. I am, however, impressed that you were still at work at 
3:50 though.
By the way, I am taking bets from all comers.  So, put your money where your 
mouth is!
Hook 'em
Just to show all of you I will never (Chad, that was for you) lose my edge in 
LSU investigative reporting, check out prediction on the attachment Bass-there's always next year.
Check out the outlook.  "A couple of  wins" means a sweet 16 berth. Doesn't 
look good for LSU!
BRUTAL!
Nice try, now we get to kick your other team's ass tomorrow.  Maybe you call 
pull for Florida, I hear they're pretty good this year.
i don't think so
is it necessary for you to be there?
can't make it
This meeting has been moved to Monday, March 13th from 10 - 11 am in 
Conference Room 3014.
Please plan to attend a meeting this Friday, March 10th from 1:30 -2:30 in 
Conference Room 3084 regarding February Earnings.
If you have any questions or conflicts, please call. 
Thank you!
Yvette
x3.5953
can't make it
This meeting has been moved to Monday, March 13th from 10 - 11 am in 
Conference Room 3014.
Please plan to attend a meeting this Friday, March 10th from 1:30 -2:30 in 
Conference Room 3084 regarding February Earnings.
If you have any questions or conflicts, please call. 
Thank you!
Yvette
x3.5953
what - you can't tell me this over the phone - so you have to write a chicken 
shit e-mail. what's that about?
Shanna Husser@
03/10/2000 01:53 PM
OK- that is it- you either best be in a DAMN good mood by the time you get to 
my place-   OR  I don't know- I'm going to be pissed.  I want to enjoy our 
time together- not fight about you being crabby.  You didn't warn me that you 
were so moody- you ARE like a woman.  And try not to be such a big mouth from 
here on out.  You make me feel like I can't tell you what I really think- b/c 
it will get back to Tim (in other words- all the FIJIS)- I hope that you 
aren't naive enough to think that isn't how it works with them.
SH
kentucky is #2
and you sent this because 
no - i'm looking fwd to you shacking tonight
Shanna Husser@
03/10/2000 10:17 AM
Oh- I'm sorry- I thought you having a date with me was something to look 
forward to 
looks like i'm going to have to drink a lot on your date tonight.  i do have 
something to look fwd to - that is another longhorn victory tonight.
HOOK 'EM
e
Shanna Husser@
03/10/2000 09:05 AM
Hey!  It's going to be a good day- I can already tell.  I just had one of the 
best bagels EVER- and I won a 20 oz Coke and I have cute hair today.  Isn't 
it the small things in life that make you happy?  Well- hope you have a 
better day at work then the past couple- I feel confident that you will- that 
way you won't feel it necessary to get totally loaded tonight on MY date.  Oh 
yeah- I am wearing my orange shirt today.  I have already had so many 
compliments on my brightness-I guess they are all used to me being in black But even though I am wearing my orange- I still only have one thing to say 
Have a great day 
Shanna
P.S. Can you tell that I am a little hyper this morning?  I am like bouncing 
off the walls for some reason.  Too bad that I am at work- I rarely get like 
this- but when I do- boy- am I fun 
looks like i'm going to have to drink a lot on your date tonight.  i do have 
something to look fwd to - that is another longhorn victory tonight.
HOOK 'EM
e
Shanna Husser@
03/10/2000 09:05 AM
Hey!  It's going to be a good day- I can already tell.  I just had one of the 
best bagels EVER- and I won a 20 oz Coke and I have cute hair today.  Isn't 
it the small things in life that make you happy?  Well- hope you have a 
better day at work then the past couple- I feel confident that you will- that 
way you won't feel it necessary to get totally loaded tonight on MY date.  Oh 
yeah- I am wearing my orange shirt today.  I have already had so many 
compliments on my brightness-I guess they are all used to me being in black But even though I am wearing my orange- I still only have one thing to say 
Have a great day 
Shanna
P.S. Can you tell that I am a little hyper this morning?  I am like bouncing 
off the walls for some reason.  Too bad that I am at work- I rarely get like 
this- but when I do- boy- am I fun 
The world is treating me ok.  It's just that I can't stop losing money.  It 
hasn't been a very good start to my trading life.  What is going on in your 
world?  I hope to make it out to the house sometime soon.
Love, Eric
Hi son: how is the world treating you? Saw that gas prices were down 
significantly yesterday. Hope you maintained your short position. Say hello 
to Shana. Let me hear from you. Love-Dad
- att1.htm
713-628-3104  - why?
Luis Mena@
11/13/2000 02:23 PM
What's your celly-cell number?
brutal!
Susan M Scott
03/09/2000 01:56 PM
For those of you who aren't history buffs, the individual in question would 
be Woodrow Wilson.  Now, if you all are the reasonably intelligent 
individuals I believe you to be you will have already guessed where I'm going 
with this...  Anyway, given the impending heat wave that will soon be 
striking our fair city, it is my recommendation that we take this opportunity 
to enjoy one more pleasant evening on Woody's deck.  Same Bat time, same Bat 
channel (9:30-10:00).
I guess that feeling is similar to the one you get whenever you are around 
me.  You just don't know what to say.
Shanna Husser@
03/09/2000 08:21 AM
I guess last  time you were just nervous- with me being there and all.  I'm 
sorry that I make you a little nervous- although it is quite understandable 
that you would feel that way.
we won both games, of course.  i was 3-6 with a double off the fence - and 
you missed it!  One guy on our team hit a home run in back-back at bats.
Shanna Husser@
03/09/2000 07:25 AM
Good morning!!  How was your little games?  Did ya'll win?  Any homeruns 
hit?  I was in bed for 9:45 last night- and I am still tired this morning- 
what is wrong with me?  Anyhow- hope you have a good day- call me later when 
you get a chance.
Shanna
we won both games, of course.  i was 3-6 with a double off the fence - and 
you missed it!  One guy on our team hit a home run in back-back at bats.
Shanna Husser@
03/09/2000 07:25 AM
Good morning!!  How was your little games?  Did ya'll win?  Any homeruns 
hit?  I was in bed for 9:45 last night- and I am still tired this morning- 
what is wrong with me?  Anyhow- hope you have a good day- call me later when 
you get a chance.
Shanna
tell your roommate to shut her big mouth!
Shanna Husser@
03/08/2000 01:49 PM
I hope I didn't say too much last night.  If I did, I'm sorry.
i can probably get together around 4:30 ish
Eric, JD gave me the path for the spread option:
o:/erms/erms_adm/firmtrad/1GG Files/exotic pipe options.xls
o:/research/exotica/xll/xll_templates/spread.xls
Can you get together tomorrow afternoon (Tuesday 7th) after the ENA Gas 
Assets meeting?  Please let me know!
thats it
Shanna Husser@
03/06/2000 04:26 PM
Hey- I'll just call you when I get ready to leave Toni and Guy- so you will 
know I am on my way.
713-526-8304
Right??
Sh
Hey Brett,
Not too much going on in H-town.  I just recently started trading Natural Gas 
Futures.  I have had three heart attacks, a stroke, and have bitten off all 
of my fingers in a week.  Other than that things are going pretty well.
I should be in town for easter, so if you want to get together, lemme know.
How is artillery school going?
out
What's up me droogs?  Just checkin in to see how every thing was goin.
John how was New Orleans?  Sean and Eric what are you animals doin fer
easter?
Lemme know.
Lawler, OUT.
______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at  
-.0125
Eric,
What was Mid for Feb 2000?
Thanks,
Kyle
Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer.
Toorey,
Can you please change the book mapping of Cary Metz's EOL ID to GD-Texas?
Thanks
Did you get this?
Barbara Lewis
03/06/2000 09:00 AM
We are currently attempting to schedule the Texas Gas Trading Employee 
Appreciation Night at Sam Houston Race Park.
The proposed date is Thursday, March 23, 2000 and the festivities will begin 
at 6:00p.m.  It is important that you contact me ASAP with your 
availability.  I would like to report a definite headcount to Tom by this 
afternoon.
Note:  Gas Control, Risk Analysis, Management Team, Transport Rate Group and 
Logistics will also celebrate with us 
Many thanks,
Barbara Lewis
is anybody going to show up?
Michael Simmons
11/13/2000 11:08 AM
Practice is absolutely necessary to assure our victory.    So we will have 
several practices this week  (Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday... with no 
drinking and a curfew on Friday) and may cancel the scrimmage to schedule in 
more practices.
We will have a practice tonight at 7pm at Memorial Park.   Let me know if you 
can make it.   ext. 37842.
IF you were at last year's scrimmage with the aggie team, this will be at the 
same location.   Hopefully, the lights will be on and the fields will be 
clear.   If it is raining,  the practise will be canceled.
From downtown, heading West toward 610 on Memorial,   goto Memorial Park and 
make a right at the first light.  Take this road up till you see a softball 
and soccer field on your right hand side.  This is where we will practice Eric please bring a couple of footballs.
If you  goto far, further up the road you will see the golf course on your 
left hand side as well as Beck's Prime, etc.
Also, Sarah, please bring Gerald to the game.  He helped greatly last year, 
and a stand by would be excellent in the event of injury.
I have been to see brooks & dunn, jo dee messina, and ahem rod stewart.  i am 
going to steve miller and kenny rogers 
i am actually too cool to hang out with brian now - just don't tell him i 
said that.   i don't know about earth day yet but i suspect that i will go 
b/c goo goo dolls are playing.
Danielle Samson  Things here are good as well.  I think I have been to about five rodeos as
well, which ones have you gone to?  The fam is doing well, and yours?  I saw
brian last week and then again on Sunday.  I guess you are too cool to hang
out with him, huh?  Congrats on the new position, so will you pay for me to
go to law school now that you are a millionaire?  Are you going to earth day
this year?  What about buzz fest?  Why are you too cool to write me or call
me?
Hey,
work is going great.  i am trading now - wooohoooo!.  I am really enjoying 
the new position.  a lot more responsibility i am going to the rodeo tonight and tomorrow , so that should be fun.  that 
will bring the grand total to 5.
how are things going with you and the fam?
Danielle Samson  Ner-
Hi there guy.  How is everything going?  I haven't talked to you for quite
some time.  How's work and everything else?  Anything new and exciting going
on?  I would love to hear from you if you get a chance today.
Miss ya,
Dee
Costilla
Please plan to attend a meeting with Brenda Herod regarding Castilla from 
1:30 - 2:00 in her office (3748).
If you have any questions, please call. 
Thank You!
Yvette
x3.5953 
Do you hear that?
... the smallest violin in the world is playing tune.
see ya tonite
Shanna Husser@
03/03/2000 08:49 AM
Ok- I'm getting pissed off.  I came in today to work on a project- only to 
find out that my tax application is not set up to do what I need to do.  So- 
basically i can't even start on this until someone from out support team can 
come look at it- and you just don't understand- with our support team- that 
could take a day or two.  See that is the problem here- in EVERY person that 
I have worked with at Enron- NO ONE ever thinks ahead.  No one is a planner Like- I am new in this group- why did no one consider the fact that I 
wouldn't have this on my desktop- and that it would take a while to get it- 
especially on a Friday- when half our staff is gone- b/c it is  THEIR Friday 
off 
I'm leaving at noon- and I'm not coming back- I don't care if the application 
is fixed or not.  The other lady in our group- that today is her Friday off- 
she isn't coming in.  See I am getting tired of the fact- that they treat 
their rotators like interms around here.  That is basically what is pissing 
me off.  You get all the shit work- that no one else wants to do.  You are 
totally left out of the loop- like why wasn't I told b/4 6 o'clock last 
night- that this needed to be done.  No respect and poor planning.  Very 
dangerous combination.  And I'm tired of it .  It is quickly approaching the 
time to find a new profession 
OK- enough venting for this morning.  Sorry- I am sure I will be in a much 
better mood when I see you tonight
SH
no, but your best friend, ami, will
Do you have a copy of the Entex contracts?  I need the 7 year contract that 
was signed at the end of '98 and the extension that was signed during the 
first quarter of '99 (maybe in March).
Y
probably, but talk to the guys down there
same as last month? would you like this to be a recurring monthly meeting?
Can you set up a meeting?
Sean.Kiehne@ on 03/02/2000 06:36:33 PM
We would like to meet with each regional desk to discuss February gas
earnings.  Please email or call me to set up a time.
Thank you,
Sharon Roest
5-7346
What, am I last on your list?
We'll have to remedy that situation real quick - it could be a dealbreaker!
Shanna Husser@
03/02/2000 05:52 PM
Can anyone believe that my "little brother" just sent this too me?  OK- I am 
standing here "besides myself"- (that comment was for you Joey Scrilla364@aol.com on 03/02/2000 03:44:07 PM
MESSAGE OF THE DAY:
Too often, we lose sight of life's simple pleasures.
Remember, when someone annoys you it takes 42
muscles in your face to frown BUT, it only takes 4
muscles to extend your arm and bitch-slap the
mother fucker upside the head 
Can you set up a meeting?
Sean.Kiehne@ on 03/02/2000 06:36:33 PM
We would like to meet with each regional desk to discuss February gas
earnings.  Please email or call me to set up a time.
Thank you,
Sharon Roest
5-7346
Here is the completed form.  Is it possible to have this set up by tomorrow?
Thanks,
Eric
Eric:
Here you go. Fill out  what you can and I will send out from there. Let me 
know if you have any questions.
Tobin
Hey Tobin,
I need to set up a new firm book for gas.  Can you please send me the 
required documentation?
Thanks,
Eric
x3-0977
Hey Tobin,
I need to set up a new firm book for gas.  Can you please send me the 
required documentation?
Thanks,
Eric
x3-0977
Damn it all to hell!
What are you doing with my inheritance?  We enjoyed the dinner as well.  We 
are available whenever you would like to join us.  We should do it at least 
bi-weekly.
Work is good - I have had a pretty good month thus far (knock on wood 
How are things going with you?
Your loving son,
-e
Hi Eric,
We sure enjoyed being with you and your lovely Shanna Friday evening.  We
should do that more often.  How is your day going?  Work real hard because
we've lost all of your inheritance.  LU-M
 What are you doing for dinner tomorrow?  Would you like to meet up with
 Shanna and I somewhere?