My e-mail is: RGGDEE@AOL.com
home phone is 281-334-2360.
Will advise of cel # when I get one (soon).
Donna:  what is Gay day?  I do not want to miss any significant events 
Mr. Gay,
My name is Daniel Lisk, your new Gas Scheduler.  I'm slated to begin work on
the Monday the 18th, and must say I am VERY excited to get started.  It will
be an honor to work for Enron.  I know I am just beginning a long and
productive career with an amazing company.
I received your email address from Molly Magee.  I had a few questions
regarding Holiday plans and start-day preparation and she directed me to
this email address.  I know you are very busy, so please reply at your
convenience.
My first question   holiday planning.  If I remember correctly, it was
mentioned someone was working or on call one weekend a month.  It may be too
early to tell, but if I'm scheduled to work that weekend (December 22nd -
25th) I would like to make plans accordingly.  My mother in Missouri can be
very persistent (aka annoying) and wants to know my plans.
Also, I would like to put my name first on volunteers to work that weekend.
However, I understand my lack of experience may prevent me from accepting
that responsibility this soon.  If I will not be working, may I ask that you
tell me what days I will have off.  I need to know if I should buy a plane
ticket, get my car serviced for the drive, or make plans in Houston.
Finally, I've bought a training video covering Excel and begun reading a
book titled "Trading Natural Gas", by Fletcher J. Sturm (former senior
I look forward to seeing you again next week Mr. Gay.  My schedule on Monday
appears to be; "New Hire Training" from 8:00 am to 4:00 pm.  If possible, I
can be on your floor early to observe, leave for training from 8 to 4, then
return at 4:10 pm and stay until the close of business if you like?
Thank you.
Respectfully,
Daniel D. Lisk
Vinson & Elkins
IPTL Project Assistant II
713-758-2213
dlisk@velaw.com
++++++ Ina:  from scheduling. the following people will attend tonight:
Suzanne Christiansen
Patti Sullivan
Matt smith
Ted Evans
Jan Sutherland
Stacey Brewer
Hillary Mack
Shelly Mendel.
As you know, I will not be attending.  Thanks for everything.
You are a gentleman.  Just remember me for the closing dinner!
Rob 
Attached is  a closing schedule for PQP this December 
I haven't forgotten all those who made this deal work.
Diane:  if you could handle this please.  Thanks.
Phillp:  here is Richard's revised letter.  Let me know what you think Thanks.
Richard D Rathvon@
12/04/2000 12:02 PM
Sent by: Richard Rathvon@
Attached is the e-mail that I revised pursuant to our discussions.  I have 
also sent to Bob Carter, the ENA lawyer on the National Gypsum deal.  As you 
can see, he does not see any issues that would prevent sending to my contact 
at National Gypsum.
Do you have additional comments or changes?
(Also, I will pursue getting the name of the entity that sent it to National 
Gypsum.)
Bob.Carter@ on 12/04/2000 10:46:29 AM
Looks good to me.
Richard D
12/04/2000
10:36 AM
I want to send this to our customer, National Gypsum, but thought you
should review prior to it going out.  Do you have any comments?
I've talked with several people familar with gas sales and distribution in
the southwestern portion of the US.  Summarized below is their collective
response:
1.   The pipeline capacity is limited due to an order by the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), and FERC has jurisdiction over the
interstate sale and distribution of natural gas.  The Department of
Transportation has jursidiction only over certain safety issues resulting
from the gas explosion.
2.   The spot market has risen in the Arizona area -- currently it is
at $  17.11__ for 30-day _Jan'01__.  The reason prices are high is due to the
excessive demand in California for natural gas for its power plants.  Thus,
gas is flowing into California -- the only way gas will flow east away from
California is in response to higher prices.
3.   Enron is not "holding back supplies to the area".  Enron is not a
producer of natural gas, does not have ANY physical supplies, and does not
have or utilize storage capacity in this area.  Also, Enron controls
pipeline capacity over the El Paso Gas Pipeline of only 80,000 cf per day
-- this pipeline has a capacity of 4 BILLION cf per day (at full capacity).
The dominant holder of capacity on this pipleline is a gas marketing
subsidiary of El Paso Gas.  Moreover, there are numerous marketers of
natural gas in the area, ensuring competition and pricing visibility and
liquidity.  Thus, there is no way that Enron could control or influence the
price of physical suppliles in the area.
4.   Gas trading generally occurs over monthly or seasonal (e.g.,
winter) periods, not annual periods.  And, the winter season for which
marketers generally quote prices is considered to be November to March (not
on December 1 as the note below suggests).
5.   Finally, Enron would not want to hold back physical supplies to
the area.  Enron is primarily a trader of natural gas, engaged in the
buying and selling of the non-physical and financial side of natural gas
supplies.  Through Enron On Line, Enron is both a seller AND a buyer,
making margins on trades of positions in natural gas.   Thus, Enron would
be disadvantaged by not selling gas positions, even if it could hold back
physical supplies to the area, because it is not engaged in buying and
selling of positions in natural gas.
Rich,
The following information was included in an email that was sent to our
executives and CEO.  The tone leaves a negative impression for Enron.  Can
you or someone at Enron comment on Enron's role or lack thereof with
respect
to this item?  I am afraid this will taint our plans if not addressed
quickly.  I want to circulate Enron's side of the story.
Carol
Excerpt from email circulated today:
Due to the lingering effects of the August gas pipeline explosion in New
Mexico that killed 10 people, coupled with some possible market
manipulation
by Enron, we're facing a potential problem at Phoenix in the short term and
possibly all three western plants longer term.  The pipeline which is owned
by El Paso Gas is back in operation, but is being limited to 50% of
capacity.  Weather has turned cold, spiking demand for gas in the region.
Enron appears to be holding back supplies to the area until at least
December 1st, when many of its contracts set the index price for the
following year.  Consequently, gas prices on the spot market in Arizona are
hitting $25 per MMBTU.  The situation has caused several marketers to
declare force majeure.  If our marketer does so, we'll be curtailed.  As
you
probably know, we don't have any backup fuel capabilities at these three
plants.  The U.S. Dept of Transportation controls this and is reported to
be
getting involved.  Will keep you posted as it unfolds.
mp-gwia1.mp.rkmc.com; Mon, 04 Dec 2000 10:58:18 -0600
Received: by SUSDAYTE01 with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2650.21) id 
 Subject: FW: Yet Another Vote for Al
 Message-ID  Information contained in this e-mail
transmission is privileged and
confidential.  If you are not the
intended recipient, do not read,
distribute, or reproduce this
transmission.  If you have received
this e-mail transmission in error,
please call 612-349-8799.
Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi L.L.P.
www.rkmc.com
- TheAlGoreBallot.exe
Randy,
Please submit a fixed price bid to purchase the following Blanco volumes:
Thanks,
Mark Hawkins
Mercado Gas Services
512-370-8225
Month of  Monthly
Delivery  Quantity
Jan-01  520,000
Feb-01  458,000
Mar-01  363,000
Apr-01  268,000
May-01  184,000
Jun-01  144,000
Jul-01  143,000
Aug-01  156,000
Sep-01  158,000
Oct-01  240,000
Nov-01  357,000
Dec-01  455,000
Jan-02  526,000
Feb-02  466,000
Mar-02  370,000
Apr-02  274,000
May-02  188,000
Jun-02  142,000
Jul-02  147,000
Aug-02  161,000
5,720,000
As discussed in Richards's prior memo, as discussed in Donna's prior memo, 
the scheduled quantities have now been turned off from now until midnight.
Richard Pinion
11/30/2000 12:57 PM
Sceduled quantities have now been turned off from now until midnight as 
explained in Donna Greif's previous memo regarding month end close.  They are 
set turn back on automatically at midnight.
RP
Bob:  not too many new ones.
1.  Continued to see increased volumes and transactions on desk.  As of 
November, we have increased volumes to over 5 Bcf/day, up from about 2 
Bcf/day last six month period.  We are continuing to handle month end close, 
and get all volumes scheduled daily.
2.  Continued to give support to the contract exchange project.  We have 
given my time and the resources from the group.
3.  Re-staffed the group after we lost some key, experienced personnel.  We 
have the new guys up and running and hope to really make some things happen 
from here on out 
If I think of any thing else I will let you know.  Thanks.
Bob:  per your request, here is the rundown on Patti's activities for August 
and beyond.
1.  We calculated the amount we made on her experience in handling El Paso's 
transport to be close to $1 million/ month.
2.  I could not even begin to calculate the amount made just by having her 
here.  If Patti had just quit with everyone else gone, the amount lost on El 
Paso would be huge, including loss of credibility on our part with our 
customers.  The exact amount would be close to $1 million/month I would think.
3.  The spreads out West have been huge this summer.  We were able to take 
advantage of this because Patti was here to do the scheduling during a very 
difficult time.
4.  When I was out for the entire month of August, Patti was not only holding 
down a desk that usually three people handle, but was also filling in on 
management duties 
5.  Patti worked 14 weeks in a row, including weekends, without taking a day 
off.  She worked at least 12 hours a day during this time, handling several 
different jobs at a time.
6.  The exact value of what Patti did is hard to determine.  I would estimate 
that her presence here and stepping in to help out was woth about $5 million 
to the desk.
Charles H Otto
11/13/2000 01:03 PM
Chris Gaskill@
11/13/2000 12:35 PM
Marc Bir > 
Just anything you want me to know about to represent you would be fine.  I 
feel comfortable with where you are going to be placed, and can represent you 
just fine with Kam's input.  How are things going?  How's the baby.  Hope all 
is going well.  Take care.
Randy
Molly:  thanks.  I will be out this afternnon and tomorrow.  If you need 
anything let me know.  Thanks again.
Thanks
Well done. That's the best rate we have seen for some time.
Rob, for your info.  the COP's were sold today.
The Investor spd over UST was 105 bps and the UST was 5.31 
Just thought I would say hello and let you know I'm  still in the land of the 
living.? Take note of my new e-mail address and  stay in touch.? Talk to you 
all soon.
?
Peace & Hair Grease,
?
FGJ
George:  a rather cynical view, don't you think?
Does this bring anybody to mind?
Charles T Muzzy
11/01/2000 11:10 AM
- How to discourage harassment in the office.mpg
Heather Choate
11/01/2000 12:07 PM
Please plan to attend a meeting that will provide an overview of the 
Performance Management Process at Enron to those new hires that arrived in 
Logistics after our Mid Year Performance Process. 
This meeting will be held during lunch 
Monday, November 6, 2000
from 11:30am to 1pm in EB30c2
(lunch will be provided)
Please RSVP for lunch 
Thanks! Heather Choate, x33278
Does this bring anybody to mind?
Charles T Muzzy
11/01/2000 11:10 AM
- How to discourage harassment in the office.mpg
Joe,
Late last year Lucy Ortiz gave me your name as the contact regarding gas 
sales under the APEA contract.  I have also been coordinating with Randy Gay 
in our Houston office regarding payments and deliveries.
We have been notified by Coral Energy, representing the City of Glendale, 
that effective December 1, 2000, Glendale wants to receive their entire 
quantity (4,178 MMBtu/d) at the Nova Inventory Transfer ("NIT") point.  This 
point is located in Alberta and will be supplied by Enron's Calgary office.
Can you please notify Chase Manhattan, for purposes of settling the swaps 
associated with this transaction, to settle at NIT for December 2001 and 
beyond, unless another notice is issued to us.
If you no longer have responsibility for managing these issues, could you 
please forward this to the correct person.
Thanks,
Laird Dyer (415.782.7805)
Bob:  we would be looking at El Paso and Northwest Pipelines.  Thanks.
Julie:  the price should be $3.54.  Thanks.
Brian Swinford
11/27/2000 09:42 PM
Rob, listed below are my key accomplishments for 2000:
1) TGS:
-Key member of TGS Finance Committee; attended quarterly meetings, 
participated in major financing decisions and made recommendations to TGS 
and/or ESA management. 
-During 2000, assisted TGS finance staff in refinancing $300MM of 
non-recourse debt in two separate transactions;  a 3 year $150MM bank FRN, 
and a 3 year $150MM Eurobond issue.  Role included helping evaluate lead 
arranger proposals and term sheets, selecting lead arrangers and participants 
and participating in road shows representing Enron sponsorship.  Successfully 
raised $300MM during a very challenging time in Argentina as well as a very 
difficult time for the U.S. capital markets (i.e., Eurobond completed 
immediately following the largest single drop in history of the NASDAQ 
2) TRANSREDES:
a) $10MM Liquidity Facility:  Lead approval and documentation effort for 
$10MM Enron-provided credit facility to provide liquidity for oil spill clean 
up expenditures and  Cuiaba construction cash calls.  Prepared DASH, managed 
approval process wtih RAC and TRSA management, and lead documentation to 
closure.  Loan was successfully repaid with proceeds from the Cuiaba buy-out 
transaction.  Credit facility allowed TRSA to avoid a severe liquidity crisis 
which could have stopped the clean up process and put its concession from the 
Bolivian government at risk.
b) Buy-out of TRSA's interests in the Cuiaba Project:  Selected for lead role 
in Enron's buy out of 50% of TRSA's interest in the Cuiaba Project for $40MM 
(Enron's share).  Prepared DASH and ESA risk committee and Enron Corp. board 
presentations, worked with RAC to obtain approval for transaction and 
coordinated legal documentation process with counsel (internal and external) 
and partners (Shell as co-buyer, TRSA as seller 
Buy-out transaction restored much needed liquidity to TRSA's balance sheet 
and permitted Enron and Shell to move ahead on the Cuiaba financing without 
having to guarantee TRSA's pro-rata share of contingent sponsor support 
required by the Cuiaba lenders.  Restored liquidity to TRSA will permit it to 
meet its working capital needs until May 2001 when its new tariffs become 
effective (post Transition period).
c) Cuiaba Contingent Sponsor Support: In coordination with TRSA/Cuiaba 
buy-out effort, assisted Cuiaba team in obtaining approval of contingent 
sponsor support for OPIC/KfW financing.  Prepared DASH and worked with RAC to 
obtain internal approval and assisted in preparing ESA risk committee and 
Enron Corp. board presentations.  Contingent support package along with 
buy-out transaction was approved by Enron's board. 
c) Financial Advisory Assignment:
Selected by TRSA and ESA management to work with TRSA in a financial advisory 
capacity, to advise and assist in the arrangement of up to $700MM in new 
third party debt over the next 4 years to finance TRSA capital expansion 
program.  In exchange for such services ESA began receiving a $12,500/month 
retainer fee (October 2000 - May 2001 = $100,000 of fee income) plus the 
reimbursement of all out-of-pocket expenses 
Roadshow with U.S. Exim, Bolivian pension funds, local banks and 
international banks with local presence and CAF now completed.  Assisting 
TRSA management with resolution of Supreme Decree and Tariff Reset and 
existing debt seniority issue.
GTB:
a) Financial Advisory Assignment:  Selected by GTB and ESA management to work 
with GTB in a financial advisory capacity, to advise and assist in the 
arrangement of up to $210MM in new third party debt over the next 4 years to 
finance GTB's capital expansion program.  In exchange for such services, ESA 
began receiving a $12,500/month retainer fee (October 2000 - May 2001 $100,000 of fee income) plus the reimbursement of all out-of-pocket 
expenses 
Roadshow with U.S. Exim, Bolivian pension funds, local banks and 
international banks with local presence and CAF now completed.  Letter of 
Interest obtained from U.S. Exim.  Working with GTB management to finalize 
credit rating process and clean up commercial contracts for financing. 
TRAINING:  Completed Executive Impact training course (requirement for 2000).
In the event you did not receive the amount of manager/peer feedback that you 
would like to see to prepare my review, I do have the feedback booklet that I 
got recently from the Executive Impact course that you could use.  I have it 
in my office...I can have Blanca get it for you if you want to see it.
Thanks for your support.
BRS
Who are you calling Ladies?
Phillip:  I agree with your conclusions, and we have already started 
addressing most of these issues 
First of all, I would like to say that all of the schedulers are performing 
at a high level, except for Hillary and Jan.  We have formally addressed 
Hillary's performance problems, and he is on  a schedule for improvement or 
he is out.  We have informally addressed Jan's performance issues with her, 
and next week intend to formalize that also.  That Jan makes more than anyone 
else in the group makes her situation quite critical in my eyes, because we 
are not getting a return on that investment.
The rest of the group is paid based on lots of factors that you are already 
aware of, years of service, years in scheduling, level of performance, etc In Stacey's particular case, I am recommending her for promotion at the end 
of the year, which will bump her pay scale up and make her pay more equitable 
with her job performance.  Also, I intend to help smooth over other 
inequities through the bonus pool.
In   to Patti, I have recommended her for a bonus for her service 
during the rough time we've had when we were understaffed.  Bob Superty has 
supported this, and the information you provided him this last week should 
help in that endeavour.  Patti has had her pay increased this year after a 
salary survey was performed by our HR group.  I would like to point out that 
Patti is pretty well paid for someone with her experience level.  Also, Patti 
would move up in the pay scale if she is promoted to Manager.  I am not sure 
what the exact plan is for Patti and myself as far as how that will go.  I 
would like to say that I feel more comfortable being back as each day goes 
on, and am ready to make a move to trading anytime now if that is what you 
and Mike still want to do 
As   to the new hires:  yes, we can hire more like these at these 
prices.  We would love to have employees like Matt, and Ted and Shelly, 
especially at these prices.  Patti did an excellent job hiring these 
individuals.  We have already started the process of looking for more like 
these to start backfilling in for Hillary and Jan.  We also need to hire more 
for establishing a bigger physical presence in the west.  We probably need to 
sit down and go over with you and Mike as to what kind of plans you have for 
expanding the desk 
Finally, I would like to bring up that Lucci has requested that the Denver 
office do all nominations for IM Denver deals.  This has met stiff resistance 
in the past, and I do not know how ya'll feel about it, but I promised that I 
would bring it up. I personally feel that Denver and CIG would be isolated 
from us if the operations were to move to Denver 
If you have additional questions or comments please let me know.  Thanks 
Ina:  my login is rgay.  Thanks
Ina:  could you please get me access to ECT Trading on the O drive?  Let me 
know if you need anything.  Thanks.
Cooper, Phillip Allen pointed me in your direction to be added to access for 
the westpower internet site?  Let me know if you need additional 
information.  Thanks.
Randy
x31991
Dwight:  thanks for the sessions we've had.  I think that moving forward in 
my new job will not allow me the time to continue our sessions.  Once again, 
thanks.
Phillip:  the changes I would like to make are to promote Patti to Manager 
whenever you feel the time is right, and then I am going to recommend Stacey 
for promotion to Sr. Specialist based on her recent performances.  I also 
would like to be able to use the bonus system this year to reward some of the 
people who have been here the last couple of years.  It seems like we have to 
keep paying outside people more and we don't get to reward the experienced 
people who stick with us enough.  Let me know what you think.  Thanks.
Phillip:  I'm working on getting the official list. We should have it 
sometime this afternoon 
Theresa:  thanks for all your help over the last week.  We really appreciate 
it and are glad we can cooperate so closely with the Denver office.  If you 
need anything, let us know.  Again, Thanks.
Check that.?  We have pre-bid starting at 3:00.   Anytime before that would 
be fine.  Thanks.
I attach DWS/Shell comments on the latest version of the ECA.  The comments
appear in the text in bold caps, underlined.
The following also need to be included in the draft:
1.  provisions for sponsor guarantee buyout, once agreed; and
2.  a provision along the lines of Section 7.06 of the TBS Security
Agreement (relating to step-in to the TBS agreements) so as to give
SOTL/Enron Corp privity in relation to these rights.  (This point was agreed
with Mary some time ago in one of the New York meetings.)
Consideration also needs to be given as to whether there should be express
recognition of the rights of STDC and Enron Netherlands to subscribe subdebt
under the ECA.
_____________________________________
Matthew Jones
Denton Wilde Sapte
One Fleet Place  London  EC4M 7WS  UK
Tel: +44 (0)20 7246 7500
Fax: +44 (0)20 7246 7777
E-mail: mnj@dentonwildesapte.com
_____________________________________
This e-mail (including any attachments) is intended only for the recipient(s) 
named above.  It may contain confidential or privileged information and 
should not be read, copied or otherwise used by any other person.  If you are 
not a named recipient, please contact the sender and delete the e-mail from 
your system.
Carrie:  sounds good.  We can meet anytime between 1:00 and 4:00.  Just let 
me know.  Thanks.
Robert Superty
10/20/2000 10:30 AM
Randy, my oldest son forwarded this to me and based on our political 
discussions at lunch the other day I thought you would enjoy it.
Bob
Rob Superty  Read this, guys..it's really funny.? The format isn't exactly pretty, but 
you'll be able to figure it out: 
? 
The Real Debate 
Jim Lehrer:???? Welcome to the second presidential debate between Vice 
President Al Gore and Gov. George W. Bush. The candidates have agreed on 
these rules:? I will ask a question. The candidate will ignore the question 
and deliver rehearsed remarks 
designed to appeal to undecided women voters. 
The opponent will then have one minute to respond by trying to frighten 
senior citizens into voting for him. 
When a speaker's time has expired, I will whimper softly while he 
continues 
to spew incomprehensible statistics for three more minutes. 
Let's start with the vice president. Mr. Gore, can you give us the name 
of 
a downtrodden citizen and then tell us his or her story in a way that 
strains the bounds of common sense? 
Gore:??????????? As I was saying to Tipper last night after we tenderly 
made???????????? love the way we have so often during the 30 years of 
our 
rock-solid marriage, the downtrodden have a clear choice in this 
election. 
My opponent wants to cut taxes for the richest 1 percent of Americans. 
I, on the other hand, want to put the richest 1 percent in an iron clad 
lock box so they can't hurt old people like Roberta Frampinhamper, who 
is 
here tonight. Mrs. Frampinhamperhas been selling her internal organs, 
one 
by one, to pay for gas so that she can travel to these debates and 
personify problems for me. 
Also, her poodle has arthritis. 
Lehrer:??? Gov. Bush, your rebuttal. 
Bush:???? Governors are on the front lines every day, hugging people, 
crying with them, relieving suffering anywhere a photo opportunity 
exists.? I want to empower those crying people to make their own 
decisions, 
unlike my opponent, whose mother is not Barbara Bush. 
Lehrer:??? Let's turn to foreign affairs. Gov. Bush, if Slobodan 
Milosevic 
were to launch a bid to return to power in Yugoslavia, would you be able 
to 
pronounce his name? 
Bush:??????? The current administration had eight years to deal with 
that 
guy and didn't get it done. If I'm elected, the first thing I would do 
about that guy is have Dick Cheney confer with our allies. And then Dick 
would present me several options for dealing with that guy. And then 
Dick 
would tell me which one to choose. 
You know, as governor of Texas, I have to make tough foreign policy 
decisions every day about how we're going to deal with New Mexico. 
Lehrer:??? Mr. Gore, your rebuttal. 
Gore:??????? Foreign policy is something I've always been keenly 
interested 
in. I served my country in Vietnam. I had an uncle who was a victim of 
poison gas in World War I.? I myself lost a leg in the Franco-Prussian 
War. 
And when that war was over, I came home and tenderly made love to Tipper 
in 
a way that any undecided woman voter would find romantic. 
If I'm entrusted with the office of president, I pledge to deal 
knowledgeably with any threat, foreign or domestic, by putting it in an 
iron clad lock box. 
Because the American people deserve a president who can comfort them 
with 
simple metaphors. 
Lehrer:??? Vice President Gore, how would you reform the Social Security 
system? 
Gore:??????? It's a vital issue, Jim. That's why Joe Lieberman and I 
have 
proposed changing the laws of mathematics to allow us to give $50,000 to 
every senior citizen without having it cost the federal treasury a 
single 
penny until the year 2250. In addition, my budget commits $60 trillion 
over 
the next 10 years to guarantee that all senior citizens can have drugs 
delivered free to their homes every Monday by a federal employee who 
will 
also help them with the child-proof cap. 
Lehrer:??? Gov. Bush? 
Bush:??????? That's fuzzy math. I know, because as governor of Texas, I 
have to do math every day. I have to add up the numbers and decide 
whether 
I'm going to fill potholes out on Rt. 36 east of Abilene or commit funds 
to 
reroof the sheep barn at the Texas state fairgrounds. 
Lehrer:??? It's time for closing statements. 
Gore:??????? I'm my own man. I may not be the most exciting politician, 
but 
I will fight for the working families of America, in addition to turning 
the White House into a lusty pit of marital love for Tipper and me. 
Bush:??????? It's time to put aside the partisanship of the past by 
electing no one but Republicans. 
Lehrer:??? Good night. 
? 
?
X-Sender: rjbell@pop.fas.harvard.edu
Date: Wed, 18 Oct 2000 12:34:31 -0400
The Real Debate