_________________________________________________________________
_____  
Get more from the Web. FREE MSN Explorer download 
Please sign me up for the loser pool.
My pick for this week is Chicago.
The check is in the mail.
Thanks!
Phil Platter
I got it fed exed yeaterday
Phil, did you ever get your car charger?  Usually accessories come to me in the mail first
but I haven't seen this come through and I ordered this for you a while ago.  I'm calling
right now to see if they even shipped it 
Jill
Phil,
Here are our EES positions as of 12:00 today. Please let me know if you agree with these numbers. I marked the Palo Verde sale as an export from SP-15 on our schedule. Do you want this aggregated in SP in our EESSCTrade template? Also, my understanding is that the APX is the schedule coordinator for the New Power deal. I will not include this in the EESSCTrade template and will instead mark it separately as a sale on the APX template (part of the Daily Forecast template). Is all of this correct? Please let me know. Thanks.
Mike
NP              - long 394 on peak and short 34 off peak, physical 
- long 1 flat, index 
SP              - long 834 on peak and long 239 off peak, physical  
Palo Verde  - Short 3 on peak and short 8 off peak, physical
Cob            - Booked out physical and index
Mid-C	      - Booked out physical and index
New Power - short 25 off peak, physical
Count me in. I'll give 10 and enron will match
August 28, 2001 
Hi Everyone! 
I'm writing to tell you about an adventure I've committed to this fall! I've registered to participate in the Komen Portland Race for the Cure on September 16th. The Race benefits the Oregon & SW Washington Affiliate of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation and supports the Komen Foundation's mission of eradicating breast cancer as a life-threatening disease by advancing research, education, screening and treatment.
Last year's Portland Race was the most successful ever - more than 40,000 women, men and children participated and helped raise more than $1.5 million for the fight against breast cancer! And while a number of strides have been made in breast cancer research and treatment, the fact remains that approximately one in eight women will be diagnosed with breast cancer during her lifetime. And although much less common, men also get breast cancer. That's why I'm racing for a cure.
The Race is especially important to me because my step-mother, Carol Cutsforth, died from complications associated with her breast cancer on January 14th, 2000. I am personally contributing to this cause, because I have seen first hand how this disease can cause a life time of suffering and sorrow for those who were close to breast cancer victims, and more than ever I want to help find a cure and help those who are in the fight for their life. 
You can join me in my fight against breast cancer without even breaking a sweat!
Would you please consider at least a $5 pledge to support my effort & The Komen Foundation?
My personal goal is to raise $1000.
Donations must be received by October 18th, 2001.
Your contribution is tax-deductible.
The tax number ID of the Oregon & SW Washington Affiliate of the Susan G. Koman Breast Canver Foundation is 93-1068897.
Receipts will be issued for contributions of $100 or more, or upon request.
Thank you for taking the time to read and consider this opportunity. Please contact me if you have any questions, want to learn more about the Komen Portland Race for the Cure, or if you'd like to join us on September 16th!
Thanks again!
Diane Cutsforth 
If you can do all that , you can beat KSU.  I think NU can beat everyone but OU.  CU will be tough at Boulder no matter what.  Its like UT playing the aggies.  They get up for it.  Also ISU will give us a game.  If our D is attacking and we have a pass rush.  We could be in the Title Game to play OU again.
Good to hear from you, Plat-oid.
Yes, TCU was better than expected. But Huskers were below-par from what everyone has come to expect. They'll get better & I do NOT believe ND can win at Lincoln.  We'll be better than all the prognosticators think.  They all think Simms is the next coming of his dad but it is all based around hype and, unfortunately, his performance in the 3rd quarter against our secondary last year (which started a weary-ankled RS freshman CB, an All-Conference CB who could barely walk let alone cover Roy Williams, and our Safety went out in the 2nd quarter & was replaced by a transfer QB 
RC has, over the past 3 years, stockpiled significant quality and quantity in the secondary because he saw the new trend of offense he'd need to defend. I expect our secondary to be among the best in the country this year.
I expect 8-3 at worst.  It was 8-3 until I saw CU stink it up the other night.  I figure we'll take it on the chin from KSU, OU.
McNeese W
Wyoming W
Okl ST W
ND W (we'll take out the Irish at Kyle)
Baylor W
CU W (see Saturday night--and we have the added factor of revenge from the debacle last yr at home)
KSU L 
Iowa St. W
TTech W (this is the swing game--usually some weird voodoo in the air when we go to Lubbock so who knows? Brett & I are going to this game)
OU L
t.u. W (we'll hang an L on these guys at Kyle but it will be tough)
yeah,  the Offense was very unhuskerlike, except for Crouch, He had 150 yards passing which was fairly good.  The line was not ready for such an aggressive D this early.  I do think TCU has a great Defense as evidenced by their #1 Defense ranking last year. Evidently they had some depth as well becasue they lost half of their starters to Graduation/NFL.  The bright spot was the Defense giving up only 165 yards of TOTal yards.  their only score came on a broken play that went for 67yards.  We were also lucky that Casey Printers pulled a muscle on that play.  We played 2 true freshman alot on the D and they were very good.  The D should be faster and more aggressive than last year.  The Domers think they have a chance now that we only scored 21 on TCU.  I say TCU is better than people think, but I'm glad we didn't open with NotreDame.  I got your pictures.  Your daughter is really cute.
How will the aggies be?
What's up with the huskers?
didn't look very husker-like on Saturday.
phillip.platter@
Hey Dave,
Of course I remember you! And you were right, Saturday the 25th was my birthday(37).  I feel especially old
now that I am surrounded by 24year olds.  I wish some old people like you were still around.
How dou you like Phoenix? and SRP?
And how is your family getting along?
I have 3 kids now.  The last one is 19 mos old. I am done. 
We have more and more people around here.  I am the last of the "Texans" . The rest all went back to Houston.  Brett Hunsucker went to ERCOT in Austin.  I think he likes it.  Miller and Forney and Smith Day are all working for Enron on the ERCOT desk.
I can't trade this place for Houston.
Drop me a line Dave. Its been good to hear from you!
Ok, lets try this email address instead.  The last one was sent back as
undeliverable.
yeah,  the Offense was very unhuskerlike, except for Crouch, He had 150 yards passing which was fairly good.  The line was not ready for such an aggressive D this early.  I do think TCU has a great Defense as evidenced by their #1 Defense ranking last year. Evidently they had some depth as well becasue they lost half of their starters to Graduation/NFL.  The bright spot was the Defense giving up only 165 yards of TOTal yards.  their only score came on a broken play that went for 67yards.  We were also lucky that Casey Printers pulled a muscle on that play.  We played 2 true freshman alot on the D and they were very good.  The D should be faster and more aggressive than last year.  The Domers think they have a chance now that we only scored 21 on TCU.  I say TCU is better than people think, but I'm glad we didn't open with NotreDame.  I got your pictures.  Your daughter is really cute.
How will the aggies be?
What's up with the huskers?
didn't look very husker-like on Saturday.
Mr. Ried,
I thought I'd drop you a line to inquire about the energy marketer position you have had open.  I understand you had the position open internally and that if you did not find a qualified candidate you would consider outside candidates.  I am currently awaiting an offer from UBS, the new owner of Enron's wholesale trading assets.  I want to reiterate my desire to return to Omaha and  to work for OPPD.  Please let me know of the status of your search for an energy marketer.
I can be reached on my cell at 503-701-9736.
Thanks!
Dear Mr. Platter 
We currently have one opening for an energy marketer who works rotating
shifts.  This position will be posted internally in the next week or
two.  If we do not receive any qualified internal applicants, I will
forward your resume to the Manager of Energy Marketing for
consideration 
Thank you for your interest in OPPD 
David Ried, P.E.	
Division Manager - Energy Marketing & Trading
Omaha Public Power District 
444 So. 16th Street MALL, 10E/EP 1 
Omaha, NE 68102-2247
Phone 402-514-1025
Fax     402-514-1035
Cell     402-679-3265
fyi for your neighbor
Everyone - I wanted to tell you about a new promotion that the Alumni Association has going on - the Fall Life Promotion.  Be among the first 400 people to purchase a life membership by Dec. 1, and you'll be entered in a drawing for one of the following prize packages:
*	Trip to the 2001-2002 Husker Bowl Game (One Winner)A trip for two to the 2002 Rose Bowl (or to whichever bowl the Huskers appear in) including round-trip airfare, hotel accommodations, Husker Huddle
pre-game event, game tickets and more.
*	The Ultimate Game-day Experience (Seven Winners)Each package will give the winner an ultimate game-day experience for a home football weekend in 2002.  Winners will receive two round-trip tickets 
on *Southwest Airlines, two nights' accommodations at Lincoln's Cornhusker Hotel, two game tickets and two guest passes to the Nebraska Champions Club for pre- and post-game parties.  *If the winner lives within driving distance, Southwest Airline tickets can be used any time for a round trip between two "Southwest cities" by Dec. 1, 2002 
*	Gift Certificates for Husker Merchandise (20 Winners)
Winners will receive a $25 gift certificate for Husker merchandise from the Red Zone.  Thousands of choices are available in fine Husker clothing, memorabilia and accessories.
*	Benefits for a lifetime
As a life member you'll continue to receive the award-winning publications, including Nebraska Magazine, the Good NUz, the Alumni Resource Guide and your college newsletter.  In addition, you'll receive highest 
consideration when ordering football tickets for  selected members-only football games each fall.  You'll also have the opportunity to request up to 
four tickets for these select games rather than two.  Your life membership supports an endowment to offer programs that further the mission of the university and enhance the quality of student life.  In addition, these programs keep alumni and friends involved and informed.  Be a part of that effort and purchase a life membership today.
The quest for 400 new life members through the fall promotion officially kicked off on Wednesday, August 15.  The first 400 new life or paying life members who join between August 15 and December 1 will automatically be considered for the fantastic promotional prize drawing to be held in early December 
An individual can qualify for the drawing by joining as a new life/paying life member or by upgrading from an annual membership to a life/paying life
membership.  Current life and paying life members who joined between July 15 and August 15 will also be considered for the drawing, BUT they must first call 
the Association at 888-353-1874 to indicate their interest in being included.  Be sure to use our chapter code ORE when completing the membership form.
I have attached a membership form for your use or find out more about the Alumni Association by going to www.unl.edu/alumni.  Good luck in the drawing 
Get your FREE zHuskers.com e-mail account at  
Where are the aggie headlines????  This is no big deal. A 20 year old gets drunk,some asshole cops treat them like shit and they mouth off to the asshole cops, who being the only ones able to excercise the power trip, get the last word.  Same thing happened to me in Lincoln and I was not a football player.  I had no sanctions and my charges were dropped.  He will miss the opener because he's a player.  When will espn give equal time to all of the other teams who have drunk 20 year olds getting into trouble.
How are you by the way?  I really miss having you around, especially this time of year.  OUT
\BEGIN TRANSACTION PREFERRED
SC_ID "EPMI";
DAYAHEAD 20010806;
\BEGIN TEMPLATE I_INTRCHNGE
TIE_POINT "SYLMAR_2_LDWP";
INTERCHG_ID "LDWP_EPMI_0806DS";
ENGY_TYPE "CSPN";
EXT_CNTRL_ID "LDWP";
SCHED_ID CONTRACT_TYPE CNGS_MGT_FLG "SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF","SELF";
PRIOR_TYPE "OTHER";
LOSS_CMP_FLG "NO";
WSCC_TAG HRLY_MW -10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10,-10;
RAMP_RATE   1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1,  1;
CAP_RES_PRC   0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0;
\BEGIN ADJ_BID
24*{(  0, 91.86),( 10, 91.86 \END
\END TEMPLATE
\END TRANSACTION 
Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.YearNum, Lkp.MonthNum, Lkp.DayOfWeekName, Beauty.ZoneCode, Beauty.PeakOrOffPeak, Beauty.Price, Beauty.RTOffer, Beauty.Long, Beauty.Short, ISO.Inc, ISO.Dec, (Beauty.Price-ISO.Inc) ISOShort, (ISO.Dec-Beauty.Price) ISOLong
From (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, ISO.ZoneCode, avg(ISO.PriceInc) Inc, Avg(ISO.PriceDec) Dec
From LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp, CA_ISOExPost10Price ISO
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = ISO.CADateTime
Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, ISO.ZoneCode) ISO, (Select DA.CADateTime, DA.ZoneCode, DA.PeakOrOffPeak, DA.Price, RT.RTBid, RT.RTOffer, ((RT.RTBid)-DA.Price) Long, ((DA.Price)-RT.RTOffer) Short
From (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity, Avg(RT.Bid) RTBid, Avg(RT.Offer) RTOffer
From CA_HourlyBidOffer RT, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = RT.CADateTime
Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity) RT, WEST_SPOTINDEX DA
Where RT.Entity = DA.ZoneCode
AND RT.DateValue = DA.CADateTime
AND RT.PeakOrOffPeak = DA.PeakOrOffPeak) Beauty, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = Beauty.CADateTime
AND Beauty.PeakOrOffPeak = ISO.PeakOrOffPeak
AND Lkp.DateValue = ISO.DateValue
ORDER BY LKP.DATEVALUE
Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.YearNum, Lkp.MonthNum, Lkp.DayOfWeekName, Beauty.ZoneCode, Beauty.PeakOrOffPeak, Beauty.Price, beauty.RTbid,Beauty.RTOffer, Beauty.Long, Beauty.Short, ISO.Inc, ISO.Dec, (Beauty.Price-ISO.Inc) ISOShort, (ISO.Dec-Beauty.Price) ISOLong
From (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, ISO.ZoneCode, avg(ISO.PriceInc) Inc, Avg(ISO.PriceDec) Dec
From LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp, CA_ISOExPost10Price ISO
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = ISO.CADateTime
Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, ISO.ZoneCode)ISO, (Select DA.CADateTime, DA.ZoneCode, DA.PeakOrOffPeak, DA.Price, RT.RTBid, RT.RTOffer, ((RT.RTBid)-DA.Price) Long, ((DA.Price)-RT.RTOffer) Short
From (Select Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity, Avg(RT.Bid) RTBid, Avg(RT.Offer) RTOffer
From CA_HourlyBidOffer RT, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = RT.CADateTime
Group By Lkp.DateValue, Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak, RT.Entity) RT, West_Spotindex DA
Where RT.Entity = DA.ZoneCode
AND RT.DateValue = DA.CADateTime
AND RT.PeakOrOffPeak = DA.PeakOrOffPeak) Beauty, LkpCalendar_Definitions Lkp
Where Lkp.DateTimeValue = Beauty.CADateTime
AND Beauty.PeakOrOffPeak = ISO.PeakOrOffPeak
AND Lkp.DateValue = ISO.DateValue
and lkp.datevalue>'7/1/2001'
Order By Lkp.DateValue
Already on the roster for Ski Trip 2002 
Bob Franksen 
Mike Turchi 
Mark Winters 
Andy Gottschalk 
Tom Glusic 
Phil Platter 
Orhan Seran 
Call and ask me about "Cal-Neva" and other exciting details of this Sierra Nevada extravaganza! 
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
Cc:     'mbwinters@theitgroup.com'; 'agottschalk@kpmg.com'; 'hondorama@aol.com'; 'phillip.platter@'; 'criege@amfam.com'; 'chourouk@oasis.novia.net'; 'david.susoreny@grubb-ellis.com'; 'mbishop@equiscorp.com'; 'petermcrabtree@yahoo.com'; 'hartnett@draperandkramer.com'
The executive committee met at the Lantern last night and it is confirmed that Ski Trip 2002 will take place January 30th - February 3rd at Lake Tahoe.  Venue will once again be Harrahs Reno due to the close proximity of the fine area amenities.  Uncle Johnny will be unable to make it due to having dinner guests in from Barrington.  However, the committee did approve of opening up the roster to additional participants.  Call me for details 
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
I'm very interested in going.  Keep me posted.  I'm sure Hannah will have a blast.
A bunch of us went skiing last year in Tahoe and it was a blast!  I have a connection at Harrah's Reno for $20.00 per night and we hit three different ski areas.  I thought I'd send you an e-mail to see if you might want to go this year.  Anyway, Hannah comes Wednesday and we're getting ready.  Talk to you soon.
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
what is this? 
The executive committee met at the Lantern last night and it is 
confirmed that Ski Trip 2002 will take place January 30th - February 3rd 
at Lake Tahoe.  Venue will once again be Harrahs Reno due to the close 
proximity of the fine area amenities.  Uncle Johnny will be unable to 
make it due to having dinner guests in from Barrington.  However, the 
committee did approve of opening up the roster to additional 
participants.  Call me for details 
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
this checks out on the volume
I know you have been talking with Mike but would you let me know what you have for August. 
I took a quick look at the file and it looks like we (EES) are NP: long 297 (296 fixed 1 index) on peak and 86 (85 fixed 1 index) 
SP: Long 562 (587 fixed Short 25 indexon peak) on peak and long 341 off peak 
Thanks  
what is this?
The executive committee met at the Lantern last night and it is confirmed that Ski Trip 2002 will take place January 30th - February 3rd at Lake Tahoe.  Venue will once again be Harrahs Reno due to the close proximity of the fine area amenities.  Uncle Johnny will be unable to make it due to having dinner guests in from Barrington.  However, the committee did approve of opening up the roster to additional participants.  Call me for details 
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
Bob,
I gladly pledge $50 and will have my company match it.  I  admire your willingness to do this.
Hello everybody. You'll recall last year I raised over two thousand dollars for the American Heart Association in honor of my good friend Mitch Platter who died of a heart attack in last February.  He was only 36.  The actual diagnosis was something called "left main disease", but for you and me that just means a clogged artery at a very young age.  He left a beautiful wife and four great kids.  He was the best man in my wedding.  We even went to kindergarten together 
While I can't bring my friend back, I can do something small to help fight heart disease and stroke.  The American Heart Association, along with the USG Corporation, is again holding its annual Heart Walk America in Grant Park on September 14th, and I'll be walking in the event.  Since the walk is on a Friday, most people can't take time off work to participate.  But you can take part by sponsoring me for this walk. 
I'm asking each person to consider a $25.00 pledge, but any amount will do.  Please e-mail back letting me know the amount you wish to pledge or call me at (312) 606-4507 and just leave a message.  Your donation is tax deductible to the extent provided by law.  I'll send each of you a return envelope and receipt for your tax records.  Thanks again for supporting the American Heart Association.
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG CORPORATION 
125 South Franklin Street 
Chicago, IL  60606 
(312) 606-4507 phone 
(312) 606-3879 fax 
rfranksen@usg.com 
Steve & Christian,
After talking with the Southwest desk here is what is happening with Azusa.
Deal #831407.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Purchase from Azusa at $32.50  1/1/02 thru 3/31/02
Deal #537901.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Sale to Azusa at $139.00         1/1/02 thru 12/31/02
These two deals are the only ones active for January  and are being performed on.  They are booked out financially. All other deals I found are for Q3 '02 and beyond 
I hope this clarifies some things. 
PP
fyi
Group,
We are long on Sunday.  15 mws for HE 12-20 at NP15 in PGE3 at $25.  I made the deals as DA schedules in CAPS.  I have made the purchase from the APX and the sale to imbalance (#685979, #685978).
We are long on Monday.  Shaped schedule.  Price of $35.
HE 10:	35
HE 11:	30
HE 12:	25
HE 13-17: 15
HE 18: 10
HE 19-21: 15
I have made the purchase from APX and the sale to the imbalance in Enpower (#685980,685981).
Schedules are in CAPS under ST-WBOM.  Templates have been submitted Day ahead.
Please make real-time purchases from the Calimbalance and corresponding sales under ST-WBOM in Enpower during real time.
Please call me with questions. 503-887-3449
Thanks,
Bill
wow. this is bad news.  If he had pounded his girlfriend instead, I would feel better about our chances of winning a national championship.
Dennis,
I'm attempting to understand how the UC-Davis deal, if done, will impact us .  How is this different than all of the other retail contracts that you service?
One concern that I had was if they opted to go for direct access and still had provisions to change their load on short notice(real time) this would cause some big problems for our real time group. To my knowledge, we don't currently have any contracts like this.  Is this the reason UC-Davis wasn't included in the original deal with the UC System?  Can you give me a call or an e-mail?  The number below is correct.
Thanks!
Got your voicemail regarding this call.  Please give me a call to discuss.  Is 503-464-3934 your correct number?
Dennis
Western responses to UC-Davis questions are indicated below.
In blue are my questions for this afternoon.
Keith/Sukhi:
The following are my preliminary responses to Keith's email questions:
?	You can not be an "x/y" customer under 2948A and take Direct Access (DA) service through the same meter point.  Therefore, to receive Western power and third party power (other then PG&E) as an "end-user" retail load you must acquire DA service from PG&E and become a "scheduling" customer with Western.
?	The key steps from Western's perspective to becoming a Western "scheduling customer" involve modifying your Electric Service Contract and receiving agreement from PG&E.  I would think you could accomplish these two items in no less than thirty days.  You appear to be familiar with the DASR process and timing to acquire DA service from PG&E.
?	Western does provide Scheduling Agent services and does have a rate for this service.  It is approx. $75 per hour. (HOW MANY HOURS PER DAY/MONTH WOULD BE TYPICAL CHARGE?)  Pending the outcome of the PG&E 205 Filing before FERC (pass-thru of costs incurred by PG&E under 2948A), your SC could incur the typical CAISO charges for both Western power delivery and third party energy.  You will also be billed by PG&E under their DA Tariff for delivery (wheeling).
?	PG&E has suggested to me in a recent phone conversation that if you are taking PG&E DA service the 2948A delivery service (wheeling) would no longer apply.  (DOES THIS MEANS E20T T&D RATES APPLY TO WAPA DELIVERIES, INCLUDING SURCHARGES?)
?	Western's scheduling customers receive monthly load factor energy as an "energy entitlement" (EE) based on a rolling average of their last five years of monthly historical usage.  EE are calculated using the customer's total monthly peak capacity and total monthly energy and are updated annually.  I do not believe there are any exceptions to the methodology for determining EE (i.e. 5-year rolling average); therefore, the full benefit of your increased LF these next few years will take time to be fully realized.
?	As a scheduling customer you are required to take at least 35% of your CRD in any hour or your total load, whichever is less.  You may schedule 100% of your CRD in any hour provided you have not exceeded your EE.  There are limits to the schedule differential between hours  . . I will research and get back with you.  (PLEASE CONFIRM THAT IT IS THE CUSTOMER - OR ITS AGENT - THAT DETERMINES HOURLY SCHEDULE.  WOULD DELIVERIES BE HANDLED AS AN SC TO SC TRANSFER BETWEEN WAPA AND ENRON? IF NOT? HOW?  WHAT IS TIMING REQUIREMENT TO NOTIFY WAPA OF DA HOURLY SCHEDULE? HOW ARE HOUR AHEAD CHANGES ACCOMMODATED?)
?	I am unable to provide any thoughts on how the timing for making changes to Western power delivered to your SC for submission as a DA schedule would be handled at this time.  I will research and get back with you.
?	As a relatively "smaller" customer, I do not believe that there would be much (if any) benefit to you or Western by participating in any of our load management programs.
?	The existing Western meter set is CAISO certified and we may be able to accommodate a third party polling the meter.  I will check into it.
?	Unsure of what you are asking in   to "off ramps".  Please clarify.
Russell Knight
Western Area Power Administration
(916) 353-4523
>> "Keith E. Roberts"  Hi Russell, Bob:
Can we schedule a conference call for early next week between WAPA (Bob,
Russell, others?), UCD, our President's office (UCOP) and Enron regarding
the below info?  A WAPA/UCD meeting may also be desirable.
I understand that Sukhi has been discussing with you the possibility of
utilizing direct access (instead of PG&E bundled services) to meet our
peaking energy requirements, i.e. the difference between our total needs and
what WAPA and our cogen provide.  We are considering using the UC/CSU
blanket electricity contract with Enron to achieve direct access.
Below are some questions that we have regarding the potential switch, but we
are also extremely interested in hearing what you have to say regarding the
issues at hand.
As I understand the process, if UCD utilizes direct access (DA), then we
will have to switch from X/Y to scheduling customer status- correct?
If we have to switch to scheduling customer status, what are the key steps
and how long would each step take?
*	if we desire to switch quickly, a DASR would have to be filed with
PG&E by July 11th in order for DA service to start on August 1.
*	if above is not doable, then a DASR would have to be filed with PG&E
by Aug 11th in in order for DA service to start on September 1.
If UCD switches to scheduling status, it is likely that WAPA would be our
scheduling agent (SA) and Enron would be our scheduling coordinator (SC).
What would be the differences in charges that we would incur from WAPA based
on status quo?  Do you have any feeling for what charges would be incurred
by PG&E and ISO?
If UCD switches to DA, would our 15 MW CRD still receive the same
transmission rates under 2948A?
I understand that if we switch to scheduling status, then our energy
allocation will be fixed based on a 5 year average load factor.  How does
this math work?
How often is the 5 year average load factor updated- monthly, yearly, other?
UCD will have a new 3 MW thermal storage system on line in the next few
months which will dramatically improve our monthly load factor (total kWh
divided by product of peak demand and hr/mon).  If we are required to use 5
year average load factors instead of current load factors (as is done with
X/Y), then the economic harm to UCD appears to be in the neighborhood of
$200,000 to $250,000 per year.  I'd like to petition using a forecasted load
factor to detemine energy allocation so that this potential switch does not
harm UCD.  How would I do this?
Is the MWh energy allocation that is determined through the above process a
flat rate number that is used for each month of the year, or does it vary
month-by-month based on water availability?  I believe it is flat through
12/2004, correct?
If we switch to scheduling status and if we have so many MWh allocated for
the month, how much flexibility is there for our SC to schedule the load?
*	The max schedulable load is our CRD- correct?
*	What is the minimum schedulable load- 0 kW?
*	Are there any maximum ramp rates up or down?, i.e. can we go from 0
kW @ 7AM to 14,682 kW @ 8AM and 14,682 kW @ 9PM to 0 kW @ 10PM?
*	At what time are loads locked in? i.e. can SC change schedule 1 hr,
6 hr, 1 day before the actual hour?
As a scheduing customer, we will have the capability to join WAPA load
management programs- do you see any potential benefits to UCD?
Is our Siemens TSI Quad 4 meter available to be read by Enron?  What type of
software/hardware does WAPA use to read our meters?  Does this meter meet
ISO protocols for revenue meters?
I believe that we are planning to ask for contractual off-ramps if 2948A
becomes untenable due to FERC or bankruptcy court decisions.  Your thoughts?
Can you think of any other contractual off ramps that should be pursued?
Thanks Keith
P:\Trading\California\CAScheduling\Cash\Position\Ca\2001\feb2001
See below. 
Robert W. Franksen 
Real Estate Administration Manager 
USG Corporation 
(312) 606-4507 
rfranksen@usg.com 
FOR JULY
EPMI SELLS EES 26 OFFPEAK AND 12 ONPEAK IN NP15
EPMI SELLS EES 168 OFFPEAK AND 172 ONPEAK IN SP15
THESE ARE NET POSITIONS. YOU ARE SHORT .
Can you give me the CA numbers so we have the correct volumes going into the month 
NFB 
I will need you to check  out np and sp with Platter, I only do the bilat stuff
c
I show the same for COB, Mid C and PV - Let me know what you have for NP and SP 
Thanks 
I will send you a sheet today, around noon my time
The brief overview is that we are flat at COB, and Mid C,
At PV  you have a postition with me 3 you owe me on HLH,  7 you owe me on LLH
Cara,
Would you help me check out our positions with EMPI for July.  MidC, COB, NP, SP, PV 
With all the moving parts we have now I want to start early 
Let me kow if you have any questions  713 853 3113 
Thanks
Jeremy, Chris, Phil:
Merchant Energy Group of the Americas (MEGA) bought and sold the following
SP 15 products for July 2001.
SP 15 OFF-PEAK
MEGA buys from AVISTA		100 MWs
MEGA buys from ENRON		  25 MWs
MEGA sells to ENRON			100 MWs
MEGA sells to Morgan-Stanley		  25 MWs
SP 15 ON-PK
MEGA buys from AVISTA		25 MWs
MEGA buys from Morgan-Stanley	175 MWs
MEGA sells to AVISTA			200 MWs
If you have any questions please call 888-686-6480
Thank you
Dan Shartzer
Dave,
Went OK.  I gave Susan a few issues that need to be worked on.
1) Imports/Exports do not seem to be getting captured inFSP.
2)SC trades - some ponts other than CAlifornia were being captured.
Some progress was made on Generation.  If entered in Enpower correctly,they appear in FSP. The only problem is once we enter deals in enpower at detailed points, The enpower to caps report does not balance.  We need Enpower to caps to be reformulated to include all NP SP and ZP deals including those at detailed points like sdg1,pandol_6_unit, etc.
The 10day test for day ahead is done as far as i'm concerned.  Susan was running template comparisons for the 1st thru the 3rd. which may need some work on our part.
Hi Phil,
How is the testing coming along?  Did you make any progress last Friday (06/22)?
Please let me know where we stand on the "10 Day Test Parallel".
Thanks,
Pete
o and if you critisize my futba program again I'll pull your hair and scratch you belly and throw a basketball at you.
The character of the NU football players is impressive.
Serena,
Please use the new sheet to schedule california.  It is called ca0117estate. It is in the 2002 directory.  This will be the only sheet we use.  We will no longer have a separate EES Sheet.  The load will be pulled into this new sheet.  See me for details and questions.
Lincoln Police obviosly have a automatic link to the press.  Or the press is pinging the rap sheets daily.  This is not news.  Don't tell me no aggies ever have fights with their girlfriends or punch out a guy over a girl.  Its only news because of Local papers and police want it to be.  Call the College Station Police and ask if any football players have been involved in any "assaults".  They'd probably tell you its not your business.  This brown thing is funny because the new boyfriend kicked his ass.
The character of the NU football players is impressive.
Michael D. Spruiell
Analyst
Commodity Risk Management
Load Forecasting Desk
Office: 713-345-8644
Pager: 877-408-1373
Diana,
Please provide me with Enterprise Manager so  can utilize SQL queries.
Thank You!
I THOUGHT YOU MEANT THAT THE HUSKER BBALL TEAM MADE THE BIG TWELVE PROUD.  I'LL TAKE  A DISTURBING THE PEACE CHARGE ANY DAY , JUST NO SLAPPING YO GIRLFRIEND KIND A CRAP.
HOW ARE THINGS ?
Jeff Miller
Somehow the commucication on these deals got fubared.  I've gone with the assumption that we bought 3mw NP15 and !2 sp15 at 295 and $280 respectively for June. Did this happen?  If the idea was to flatten EES out , we should have sold to them.  Any insight would be appreciated.
u mow mow
shama lama ding dong
I entered all the Mega deals in CAPS. We have them for at least another Month.  I also updated the excel sheet for Mega and created a JUNE folder. June 1 file is also set up in that folder.  I have not pulled the June data into that file.  I have not checked out with anyone for June.  They will be ready to '
check out on Tuesday.  Make a point to call CRC and get any sc trades they have.
Callaway is a new deal we have .  The info I have is that it will be a sale for 9MW flat every day for 5years.  This is an EES deal. and will need to be entered on the EES sheet and entered on CAPS.  I think APX1 will be the SC.  Foster and Richter know about this deal. Just make sure it is accounted for as an EES deal, it will not appear in Enpower.
There is a wind deal that Elliot did with Edwards Air Force Base.  I don't have enough info on this yet. It starts June 1.
Elliot,
I need more info.   What zone? Is it strictly an SC trade?  What is the shape? Will it change daily? Who is the SC? What is the proposed schedule? Who is the counterparty in Enpower 
I would like the info Tuesday morning if possible.  I will be out  for the week starting Tuesday at 9:30 a.m. If this is not possible, Jeremy will need the info sometime later on Tuesday. Let's talk Tuesday morning.
Thx!
Hey guys,
Just wanted to check in with you regarding our Edwards Air Force Base Transaction. So. Cal Edison Scheduling was hoping that one of our team will call them to notify them of the Edwards deal and the proposed schedule. The deal is scheduled to start June 1. I do not have a name at Edison. Please let me know if you need additional information.
Thx!
Elliot
Elliot Mainzer
Renewable Power Desk
The dates below have 8 tickets each available to West Power Trading. Please choose the dates and number of tickets you would like.  You may respond to this e-mail or stop by my desk to place a request.  If there are more requests for a date than available tickets, a drawing will be held to determine ticketholders. Once the ticketholders have been determined, I will give you your tickets for safekeeping.  Please remember that all guests must be accompanied by an Enron employee.
Have fun!
~Anna
Baseball=09=09=09
25-May=09Friday=09Tacoma Rainiers=09
26-May=09Saturday=09Tacoma Rainiers=09
27-May=09Sunday=09Tacoma Rainiers=09
16-Jun=09Saturday=09Calgary Cannons=09
17-Jun=09Sunday=09Calgary Cannons=09
22-Jun=09Friday=09Tacoma Rainiers=09
24-Jun=09Sunday=09Tacoma Rainiers=09
4-Jul=09Wednesday=09Edmonton Trappers=09
5-Jul=09Thursday=09Edmonton Trappers=09
29-Jul=09Sunday=09Omaha Golden Spikes=09
2-Aug=09Thursday=09New Orleans Zephyrs=09
10-Aug=09Friday=09Col. Springs Sky Sox=09
11-Aug=09Saturday=09Col. Springs Sky Sox=09
12-Aug=09Sunday=09Col. Springs Sky Sox=09
19-Aug=09Sunday=09Tucson Sidewinders=09
21-Aug=09Tuesday=09Tucson Sidewinders=09
1-Sep=09Saturday=09Las Vegas 51's=09
2-Sep=09Sunday=09Las Vegas 51's=09
3-Sep=09Monday=09Las Vegas 51's=09
Soccer=09=09=09
2-Jun=09Saturday=09San Diego Flash=09
4-Jun=09Monday *=09San Jose Earthquakes=09
13-Jun=09Wed=09Vancouver Whitecaps=09
3-Jul=09Tue=09San Diego Flash=09
9-Jul=09Monday=09Milwaukee Rampage=09
24-Aug=09Friday=09Charlotte Eagles=09
30-Aug=09Thursday=09Milwaukee Rampage=09
Please call Bill Rust  x33801 reg TVA Jan/Feb Transmission when you get a 
chance.  Thanks Tjae
Below are the assumptions agreed for booking the New Albany spread option:
EPMI East Power Book pays New Albany a fixed demand charge for the next 5 
years as follows:
2001 $4.72/k/mo
2002 $4.63/kw/mo
2003 $4.54/kw/mo
2004 $4.45/kw/mo
2005 $4.36/kw/mo
As consideration for the demand charge, EPMI has the right to "toll" gas 
through the facility and receive power in return at a fixed heat rate 
conversion factor of 12.5 MMBtu/Mwh.   In addition EPMI will pay New Albany 
$1000 per start (for maintenance reserve fund) and $1.00/Mwh for variable 
operating costs.
The New Albany, LLC will receive an 8% return on capital.   Book value will 
be depreciated from $409/kW basis on 1/1/2001 to $336/kW on 12/31/2005.
The facility output assumption is 360 MW with a 95% availability in the 
summer and 75% availability in the winter.
Jenny - Please revise the booking of New Albany in Rogers book effective 
tonight.
John J Lavorato@
12/11/2000 07:47 AM
The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook 
the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.
Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to 
market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.
*  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 
for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:
2001 - $5.06
2002 - $4.96
2003 - $4.86
2004 - $4.75
2005 - $4.65
*  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power. 
*  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.
*  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m.
*  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book 
value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.
*  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year 
for the next five.
Could you please come check Kevin Presto TV....he thinks the cable is out of 
it. Thanks Tjae
You can set up the Tv's now per Fletch thanks again,,,,Tjae
Below are the EPMI proposed bid/offer spreads for EES.   These are very 
aggressive markets given the liquidity issues and regulatory uncertainty that 
still exist in the Eastern Interconnect.   There are no other counterparties 
in the market that will consistently make the proposed 2-ways.
The following is the understanding I have with Chris Calger regarding Scott 
Healy's involvement in East Power initiatives:
Since Auburndale is effectively dead, Scott will no longer be involved on 
this project.
Scott will support the Haywood, Georgia, & Calvert City development site 
sales through Q1 2001, with East Power getting 100% of the P&L value and 
Scott Healy getting personal performance credit.   If Ben elects to continue 
to use Scott's services beyond Q1 2001, a value sharing agreement between 
Ben, Calger and myself will have to be agreed upon.
Jeff Ader will make a decision (after consultation with me) as to Scott's 
continued involvement on the fuel cell tax monetization and Dighton 
restructuring project.   If Jeff makes the decision that Scott needs to 
remain actively involved in order to close the transaction, a value sharing 
agreement will be made between Jeff, Calger, and myself.    The value 
allocation % will be agreed upon upfront within the next week.   If a fair 
value sharing agreement cannot be reached, Jeff will transition 
responsibility to another member of his origination team.
Chris - Do you agree with the above description? 
New Albany will accept proposal assuming my deductible is limited to $1 
million per occurence and my BI deductible is limited to 30 days and includes 
full replacement revenue (less marginal fuel costs) after the 30 day period.
6103 is on the original e-mail from tammy shephard.
I cleaned out your office today and have you set up in 6102...who is telling you 6103?  I also put in the request to move everything else as well.  Do I need to call Tammy?
If I picked 6102, why am I getting 6103?
Yes...you picked 06102...I will get your things from down stairs.  Looks like they are ready to move in the attorneys now.
Tjae
Is this the office I selected?    Please confirm.
Here are the office locations that Louise has assigned: 
Calger  06105 
Presto  06103 
Shively 06102 
T Jae, it was decided today that legal will move over here this weekend.  Can you please arrange for Kevin's things to be boxed up so legal can move in downstairs over the weekend.
Ina, if there are any of John Arnold's personal effects left on 5 can you please have them boxed up? 
If we can hold off until next week to set the new offices up I'm sure that Darren and David would be very grateful! 
Thanks for your help! 
Tammy 
Tammy, 
Chris indicated on Friday that he has an office on this floor.  Please let me know the location so I can have his office set up at a later date.
Thanking you in advance. 
Tina Rode 
Assistant to Chris Calger 
713-853-9582 
Cell 713-419-6237 
Jim,
Please provide a quick update.   I was unable to participate in your call today because of a market risk mtg. with UBS.    I will be out Wednesday through Friday so I would like to hear directly from you what FERC's state of mind was.
Attached please find the most recent draft of UBS' 205 application for MBR.  UBS intends to file this end of day Wednesdayd (2.6.02  
Please review this and if you have any issues, please send your comments to Nick Fels at Covington & Burling in DC( nfels@cov.com  
Sharon Taft
staft@cov.com
- UBS App for MBR Authority 2 5 Version 2 .doc  
This is Mirant's argument.   Don't think it will hold water, but you never know.
Kevin -
Any word on how this might affect things?  The following excerpt was from an article I read 
One main concern of the creditors continues to be the information contained in Enron's book of business. They argue that the UBS deal, as structured, would relieve Enron's traders from their confidentiality agreements regarding information about trading positions. 
"Knowing the content of the book would be very detrimental to the value of the book," said David Derosa, an expert witness for the creditors.
He added: "Paired with UBS' credit rating it will create a perfect predatory trading machine 
RH
We don't need a floor talk.  I asked Tom to set up a meeting in 30C1 with origination, mid-marketing, and services.   This is not going to be a floor talk.
Kevin I am working on setting up a floor talk per Tom May on eservices.  It is set up for Monday, June 25th at 3:00pm for 30 minutes just wanted to get your opinion on this.
Thanks
Lisa 
I would like to be able to select days, months, years, etc. for historical liquidation.   Somehow, we need to make the cubes or Metastock more user friendly so the traders will actually use them.
I have tried to use the cubes and, although the data is extremely powerful, scrolling through all the years and months is quite cumbersome and drilling down is a pain.
Can we somehow improve the user friendliness of these tools.
Thanks.
Find out if owners of current season tickets get grandfathered for equivalent seats in the new arena.   If so, I would be interested.   If not, I would say no.
may be interested.  Thanks, 
Robin
Hi
We have  had season tickets to the Rockets for many years, Center Aisle Seats
Section  123 row V seats 13&14, Our partner for many years that took half  the
season had flood damage and no insurance and called to day to say he  was
going to have to conserve cash and did not want to participate. , we  are
looking for a new partner for half the games 22games
cost is $4,928  for two seats for half the games. need to make decision in
before June 23rd,  if you know some one who might be interested have them
call me at (713)  664-2279 or send email.
thanks Phil  Rice
I like our traditional measurment better.   This is good data, but is more relevant for cash traders than term traders.
Kevin,
Below find your regions performance broken into  "baseball stats".  These numbers where generated off daily pnl's and would include reserves released, etc.
?	Transactional batting average is given the number of days (103), how many times did you show a profit on your daily pnl statement.  Keep in mind two things, a batting average of 300 is considered great in baseball. However, tossing a coin gives a 50/50.  Given that these numbers are daily pnl's and not trading strategies (strategies, you get to pick your pitch), I think the coin toss is the better measure.  With this in mind, anything above 50/50 reflects intellectual capital (research) at work.  If the average is significantly below 50/50, the suggestion would be to improve fundamental analysis.
?	Dollar weighted batting average is the absolute dollars made divided by absolute dollars made and lost.  Differences between transactional batting average and dollar weighted batting average are attributed to trading discipline.
?	Win/loss ratio is total dollars made vs. total dollars lost.  This ratio says that for every dollar bet, how much paid.
?	Trading efficiency reflects the ratio average wins vs. average losses.  A "pos" shows that average wins exceed average loss.  The important note here is that the larger the win/loss ratio, the greater the trading efficiency, i.e. letting profits run while cutting losses early.  "Neg" efficiency implies that the trader holds onto his losses too long.
Does this add any insight into your portfolio?
Frank
I have received
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.
Carolyn Graham
Enron NetWorks LLC
Vendor Management
713-345-8008
Yes, authorized.
Thanks.
Kevin:  Rob Benson called me this morning to ask about the process for Permanent Residency (Green Card).  At this time, I have been asked to hold on all new Green Card applications until further notice.
However, we might want to amend Rob's visa status from L1B to L1A, making it easier, faster and cheaper to process the Green Card, hopefully in the near future.
Rob was originally brought into the US in the capacity of Associate and this is why we used the L1B visa and not the L1A at that time.  Now that he is a Director, we should be able to amend his visa to L1A.  (The L1A is usually for Managers or above, or someone managing a function).
Do I have your authority to go ahead with the amendment?  The approximate cost is $1,000.
Thank you
Margaret
x51529
I am not approving any new Kobra applications.
This request has been pending your approval for  8 days.  Please click   to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000076650
Request Create Date : 11/19/01 2:40:19 PM
Requested For       : punit.rawal@
Resource Name       : Market Data Kobra Crude
Resource Type       : Applications
This is a test.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
This is the retail book, not the wholesale book.   You can get confirmation on this issue from Bill Bradford or Elizabeth Sager.
In speaking with Constellation this morning (trying to assign some of our New England deals to them), they said they had heard that Enron was establishing a data room in Houston for the purpose of selling off its book of business (in fact they indicated they were sending a team down today).  To that end, they are highly interested in speaking with someone about the book from a macro level.  Please let me know who I should have them call.  Otherwise, the contact there is Sarah Wright at 410-468-3483.   I'm at 978-449-9936 if you'd like to discuss
John
thanks for the heads up.
Kevin -
You may want to get in touch with PIRA.  I think we terminated our clent retainer services and are no longer receiving gas/power updates.  Allan's # is 212-686-6808.
RH 
Rogers,
FYI.
,
Allan
- Aga011602.pdf  
Could you please create an org chart by function (retained employees) and org chart by function (severed employees) so we can reconcile to make sure we have not missed anyone.
Once we have done this, we can create a seating plan that is optimal.   Please e-mail me the org. charts so I have an electronic version.
Thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
This is the first cut for your comments.
I still need to find out who is clean up co.
Thanks.
A copy is on your desk.
Could you please create an org chart by function (retained employees) and org chart by function (severed employees) so we can reconcile to make sure we have not missed anyone.
Once we have done this, we can create a seating plan that is optimal.   Please e-mail me the org. charts so I have an electronic version.
Thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Please kill this request.   I get 4 everyday.
This request has been pending your approval for  16 days.  Please click   to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000076650
Request Create Date : 11/19/01 2:40:19 PM
Requested For       : punit.rawal@
Resource Name       : Market Data Kobra Crude
Resource Type       : Applications
Thanks.   That will work fine with me.
Kevin,
I will not be able to go to your home until after 3 today.  My director told me we are too overloaded.  I will go by after I get done working today.  I will let you know before I go.
Thanks,
Daniel A. Muschar 
Trader Support Group 
CCNA, MCSE, CNA, A+ 
The only issue I have is everytime I login I have some Windows Installer program I have to kill and it takes me an extra 2-3 minutes to keep closing files before I can get into my desktop.
I don't know what caused this, but I am assuming some file you installed is still trying to run.   In addition, the dial-up through Citrix is very very slow.   Is this normal?
Any thoughts?
Thanks for all your work - the printer works just fine
Let me know if you had any trouble.
Daniel
Thanks.   That will work fine with me.
Kevin,
I will not be able to go to your home until after 3 today.  My director told me we are too overloaded.  I will go by after I get done working today.  I will let you know before I go.
Thanks,
Daniel A. Muschar 
Trader Support Group 
CCNA, MCSE, CNA, A+ 
Your thoughts on this guy?
8214 Colonial Oaks Lane
Spring, Texas 77379
December 13, 2001
Regarding: energy trading positions 
To Kevin Presto, Harry Arora, and John Arnold:
I am writing to you to express my desire to be apart of the Wholesale Power and Gas Trading operation that will potentially be created with an entity that has a high credit rating.  I have been working for Rogers Herndon in Enron Wholesale Services on the Options Desk.  In this role I have modeled the power options that are embedded in the various deals done through Enron Energy Services with large industrial and commercial clients.  In addition, I profitably managed the positions and priced deals for structurers and originators.  I realize that now is a difficult time but am confident that I would make an excellent addition to your team for several key reasons:
?         Proven experience in the financial markets and direct trading experience in various markets, including electricity and natural gas, mortgage backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities, foreign exchange, EuroCurrency and EuroDollar deposits
?         Team player and high work ethic, successfully balancing trading opportunities with managing risk
?         Solid portfolio management and risk management experience in electricity and mortgage banking 
?         Five years direct experience in trading, risk management, structured products and marketing of electricity for the United States
?         Actively involved in the physical markets and strong understanding of the western grid
?         Experience trading OTC forwards and options at major hubs in other NERC regions such as Cinergy, Entergy, ERCOT, NEPOOL and PJM
?         Worked for both unregulated power marketers and regulated utility
?         Extensive experience in derivatives and structured products
?         Ability to effectively work with marketers pricing and structuring deals for industrial and commercial end users of energy
?         Strength in mentoring junior traders
Thank you,
Rick J. Wurlitzer
Home: (281)251-6210,  Work: (713)853-5049
E-Mail: Home: r.wurlitzer@att.net 
Please stop sending me this report.
PORTFOLIO REPORT - from Lycos Finance
Thursday, Dec 13 2001 (generated at 03:00 PM PST)
Symbol      Close               Change     Today +/-             Total Return
Index          Last              Change
Shop to save at Lycos Insurance Center.  We let you
compare free insurance quotes to find the best rates around.
Don't gamble with the biggest transaction of your life!
Use HomeGain's free service to find & compare local Realtors
.
Don't want this email?  Want it at a different time?  Or in summary form?
Click here to go to your Quote.com eMail Command Center.  All your options
can be changed here.
OK - Tim did say he blew up trading options in the West.   Played the "premium is profit" game selling summer calls at Palo Verde and we all know what happened.   Bye Bye Ricky.
I think he is pretty smart guy, especially with fairly advanced deals.   Likes to trade and did ok.  I am not sure what his history is, may have blown up somewhere before but I am not sure.  I have kept him on.  I would get Harry to talk to him unless Harry has no interest.  I toild him to write to you guys because as far as I could see he would not ne joining a NewCo - this is his plea for a look.
rh
Your thoughts on this guy?
8214 Colonial Oaks Lane
Spring, Texas 77379
December 13, 2001
Regarding: energy trading positions 
To Kevin Presto, Harry Arora, and John Arnold:
I am writing to you to express my desire to be apart of the Wholesale Power and Gas Trading operation that will potentially be created with an entity that has a high credit rating.  I have been working for Rogers Herndon in Enron Wholesale Services on the Options Desk.  In this role I have modeled the power options that are embedded in the various deals done through Enron Energy Services with large industrial and commercial clients.  In addition, I profitably managed the positions and priced deals for structurers and originators.  I realize that now is a difficult time but am confident that I would make an excellent addition to your team for several key reasons:
?         Proven experience in the financial markets and direct trading experience in various markets, including electricity and natural gas, mortgage backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities, foreign exchange, EuroCurrency and EuroDollar deposits
?         Team player and high work ethic, successfully balancing trading opportunities with managing risk
?         Solid portfolio management and risk management experience in electricity and mortgage banking 
?         Five years direct experience in trading, risk management, structured products and marketing of electricity for the United States
?         Actively involved in the physical markets and strong understanding of the western grid
?         Experience trading OTC forwards and options at major hubs in other NERC regions such as Cinergy, Entergy, ERCOT, NEPOOL and PJM
?         Worked for both unregulated power marketers and regulated utility
?         Extensive experience in derivatives and structured products
?         Ability to effectively work with marketers pricing and structuring deals for industrial and commercial end users of energy
?         Strength in mentoring junior traders
Thank you,
Rick J. Wurlitzer
Home: (281)251-6210,  Work: (713)853-5049
E-Mail: Home: r.wurlitzer@att.net 
My Holdings page is still not netting.   I just purchased 5000 DYN shares - please make sure the netting works.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Get him in the door.  Work with Kim Melodick in HR to make it happen.
Kevin
How do you want to proceed with Tim Whyte?  Let me know what I need to do.
Thanks.
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager 
email: john.suarez@
Looks fine.   You need to start learning.   Work with Kim.
Ok
I will work with the following assumptions:
Lateral move (title)
Salary (same as London converted to dollars?)
Start date: middle of November
Since I have not done one of these before, let me know if I am missing something.
Thanks.
Get him in the door.  Work with Kim Melodick in HR to make it happen.
Kevin
How do you want to proceed with Tim Whyte?  Let me know what I need to do.
Thanks.
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager 
email: john.suarez@
I think I can get Jeff King done with a simple title change from Associate Director to Director with no salary change.   His current salary is already Director level type comp.   I potentially may need another 25k, but the title is a "feel good" issue that is important to Jeff.   Please talk to Doug directly on the justification.
PLease look into the title change we discussed.
Thanks,
Doug
See request below.
louise and greg are in charge
I would like to recommend to following allocations of retention $'s - THIS CREATES NO NET IMPACT ON TOTAL $'S ON THE SPREADSHEET
Gain 575 cash 450 equity (Rogers Herndon, John Forney, Joe Wagner, Tom May)
Re-allocate in the following manner:
Cash		Equity
Arora		+75k		+75k
Gilb-Smith	+25k		+25k
King		+25k		+25k	
Gupta		+25k		+25k
Misra		+75k		+75k
Suarez		+50k		+50k
Carson		+25k		+25k
Imai		+25k		+25k
Steffes		+50k		+50k (we will lose key reg people if we don't pay)
Nicolay		+50k		+50k 	Novosel		+25k		+25k 
Please call with any questions.   I feel very good about keeping nearly all of these people at the levels above and we could lose some key ones if we don't do this.
Again, I am not spending any additional $'s - I am simply taking from other people who will not be part of UBS.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
It's the trader's option.  Most will probably not attend.
Kevin,
Is this something you want the Traders to attend?
Thanks Tjae
Hi TJ,
The options desk will beging running an options course - primarily for the orginators, mid-marketers and the fundamentals group.
I am not sure if any of the traders are interested.
If so, can you please forward an email to them letting them know of the course which will begin on 11/12 at 1 pm in room 5c2.
Thenks,
Iris
Please make sure to accept this invitation if you are interested in the class.
Thank You
Rika 
The time is right in the middle of trading on an AGA day.   Therefore, it is unlikely that anyone managing a stack will be able to attend.   I would suggest having Tom May and/or Lloyd attend.
PowerEx will be coming to Houston and would like to meet us on Nov. 7 9:00-11:00.
They are the marketing and trading sub of BC Hydro and have dealt before with our Calgary and Portland offices. They are now opening an office in Toronto and wish to transact more in MAPP, NEPOOL, PJM and SPP. The purpose of their visit is an informal meet n' greet to establish contact with people at Enron.
They will be coming with their Head of Origination and Head of Trading.
Please let me know if you or someone from your group would like to attend.
Thanks,
Dave
Agreed.  As far as I'm concerned, we are arbing the market.
This article is a joke!  Besides, EOL always has the best bid and offer 
Is this true? And how large are premiums?
Do we see this in gas?
Thanks,
Frank
Market sees Enron paying a premium with bids
Enron is being forced to pay a slight
premium for forward contracts in the power
market in what may be a reflection of concerns
about its creditworthiness, according
to a number of traders. The higher price the
giant marketer is bidding on its EnronOn-line
platform is either a credit premium,
traders said, or the result of Enron being
short and needing to bid higher than other
players to cover its forward positions.
There were other signs yesterday that
worries continue about Enron's financial
condition. Traders said while most shops
are still trading with Enron, many are continuing
to closely monitor their positions
with Enron and limit their exposure by
balancing out their positions and limiting
transactions to purchases only.
Traders echoed what market sources
have been describing as a reluctance to
risk contributing to Enron's problems.
"It's 'business as usual' with Enron," one
said, "and even if it weren't, I couldn't
tell you. I can't say nothin' on this one."
No.   We buy and sell where we see value.   We don't even look at the other exchanges.
Is this true? And how large are premiums?
Do we see this in gas?
Thanks,
Frank
Market sees Enron paying a premium with bids
Enron is being forced to pay a slight
premium for forward contracts in the power
market in what may be a reflection of concerns
about its creditworthiness, according
to a number of traders. The higher price the
giant marketer is bidding on its EnronOn-line
platform is either a credit premium,
traders said, or the result of Enron being
short and needing to bid higher than other
players to cover its forward positions.
There were other signs yesterday that
worries continue about Enron's financial
condition. Traders said while most shops
are still trading with Enron, many are continuing
to closely monitor their positions
with Enron and limit their exposure by
balancing out their positions and limiting
transactions to purchases only.
Traders echoed what market sources
have been describing as a reluctance to
risk contributing to Enron's problems.
"It's 'business as usual' with Enron," one
said, "and even if it weren't, I couldn't
tell you. I can't say nothin' on this one."
I would like to recommend to following allocations of retention $'s - THIS CREATES NO NET IMPACT ON TOTAL $'S ON THE SPREADSHEET
Gain 575 cash 450 equity (Rogers Herndon, John Forney, Joe Wagner, Tom May)
Re-allocate in the following manner:
Cash		Equity
Arora		+75k		+75k
Gilb-Smith	+25k		+25k
King		+25k		+25k	
Gupta		+25k		+25k
Misra		+75k		+75k
Suarez		+50k		+50k
Carson		+25k		+25k
Imai		+25k		+25k
Steffes		+50k		+50k (we will lose key reg people if we don't pay)
Nicolay		+50k		+50k 	Novosel		+25k		+25k 
Please call with any questions.   I feel very good about keeping nearly all of these people at the levels above and we could lose some key ones if we don't do this.
Again, I am not spending any additional $'s - I am simply taking from other people who will not be part of UBS.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
I would treat it as business as usual.   If we are still having Associate/Analyst Super Saturday, we certainly can attend an energy panel discussion.
Kevin -
I think I recall metioning to you that I would be attending an energy symposium put on by UVA - date is next Friday.  Specifically, they asked me to participate in a panel discussion re: energy volatility, trading, and investment oportunities.  Other members of the panel will be:
Bryan Garnett - Williams NE power trader
Beau Taylor - VP Morgan Stanley
Rick Thatcher - VP Dominion
Other speakers include:
Paul Koonce: SrVP - Dominion
Jay Lukens - Lukens Consulting
William Utt - CEO Tractabel
ISSUE
What do you think about  my/ENE attending given the current press?  The Program Agenda has already been printed up and published.  I think bailing out may send a bad message, however, I would completely understand.  I think I can stay in the middle of the fairway and definitely avoid any inappropriate questions or discussions.  What do you think?
RH
Can I get a deal like that for my house.   Wow!
I'll be here until about 2:30 today.
Kevin -
Esith and I will need to get your signature on an unwind transaction today.  Basically, we are unwinding two TX sites for Owens Corning.  They are currently retail index and wholesale index structures with fixed basis and we allow them to shop prices annually (amazing).   They have a better price from Reliant for two years only, but we have told them if they go with Reliant then we unwind the entire deal - our deal is ten years though 9/09.  It appears as though the customer (OC) will accept this.  The two sites are on our books currently at -$5MM - -$6MM - thus we would be glad to get it off our books.  we would keep roughly 50% of the value to cover "unwind costs, with the rest going to EES Origination.
Edith - any other comments or clarifications?
RH
Wednesday is the worst day due to AGA.   We normally trade until 4:00 pm on AGA days.   Therefore, I would suggest Tuesday or Thursday.
Kevin,
I can set this up for Wed., Nov 7th starting @ 2:30pm.  Will this be okay?
Tjae
Please set up an interview session next week with Desk Heads, John Forney, and Don Baughman.
Kevin
Paul has told me that you are interested in speaking with me about an opportunity in East Power.  I am very interested in speaking with you further to discuss the nature of the opportunity.  Please find my resume attached for your review 
,
Grant
Grant Zimmerman
Enron Broadband Services
Phone:  (713) 853-6210
Fax:  (713) 646-8795
Cell:  (713) 443-4120
Please have Mark call me at work today.   My phone # is 713-853-5035.
Mark has tried  reaching you several times and has not heard from you. He is trying to set up an  appointment with you so please let me know if you receive this  e-mail.
Thank  you,
Wendy
Wendy Donaldson
Evans Automation
Ph 281.488.7474
Fax 281.488.7475
Thank you.   Is the black cover going to be removed so other employees know the spot is reserved?
Kevin, 
I spoke with Louis Allen and he will reassign you to space # 431.  You should be able to park there beginning on Monday.
,
Tammy
We have a meeting with Evans Automation next Saturday 11/10 at 10:30 am (near Kemah).   Please mark the calender.
Thanks.
Posoli Work Phone:  713-830-8663
Very efficient CC gas units in Entergy and ERCOT are setting price.  Midwest and Plains has gas setting price 4-6 hours per day and coal the remaining 10 hours.   The NE markets (NY and NEPOOL) are the only markets with 10,000 HR gas units setting price across the entire peak.
Keep in mind that current temps are truly "no load" temps for East power (no heating or cooling demand).   The addition of new combined cycle units in our market have been destructive to forward heat rates.
Later.
what fuel is on the margin in your markets that are printing in the $20's?
IntercontinentalExchange 
Firm Power Price Bulletin 
For Power Delivered on Tuesday, November 06, 2001 
(Trade Date of Monday, November 05, 2001) 
Click here to access index history 
* volume represents sell-side only 
Hub	 High	 Low	 Wtd Avg Index	 Change ($)	 Vol (Mwh)	
Cinergy	 $24.85	 $22.00	 $23.40	 - 1.63	 88,800	
Comed	 $21.25	 $21.00	 $21.08	 - 1.80	 2,400	
Entergy	 $28.50	 $23.45	 $25.41	 - .48	 18,400	
Nepool	 $36.75	 $35.25	 $35.77	 - 3.24	 7,200	
Palo Verde	 $34.50	 $29.05	 $31.56	 - 1.77	 4,000	
PJM-West	 $25.40	 $24.15	 $24.64	 - .01	 88,800	
SP-15	 $35.00	 $30.00	 $32.24	 - .97	 5,600	
TVA	 $24.10	 $22.75	 $23.73	 - 2.13	 27,200	
Includes all trades done from 6 AM to 11 AM Central Prevailing Time on the trade date specified for financially firm power delivered during the on-peak hours (6 AM - 10 PM CPT for Eastern hubs / 6 AM - 10 PM Pacific Prevailing Time for Western hubs) on the delivery date(s) specified. 
IntercontinentalExchange is the world's most liquid trading platform for over-the-counter energy and metals.  Active markets include North American power and natural gas, global crude and refined oil products, and precious metals.  Traded instruments include forwards, swaps, and options. 
In order to receive the proprietary information contained in this email, you acknowledge and agree that you shall not further disseminate the IntercontinentalExchange Market Data contained herein to any person or entity without the express written consent of IntercontinentalExchange.   Furthermore, you acknowledge that (1) IntercontinentalExchange has exclusive and valuable property rights in this data; (2) IntercontinentalExchange's data is being made available to you only for your own business or personal activities; and (3) you cannot communicate the data, in any form, to any other person or entity without the express written consent of IntercontinentalExchange. 
This data is provided to you free of charge.  IntercontinentalExchange reserves the right to cancel this service at any time for any reason or no reason at all. 
You agree that IntercontinentalExchange does not make any representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to the data. 
To become an Exchange Participant or inquire about the indices, please contact sales@intcx.com  
To unsubscribe from this service, click here unsubscribe 
I'm fine with it.   They will only see through Cal 03 though.
Hi Kevin,
Do you care for the Virginia State Corporation Commision to have access to EnronOnline prices as a basis for establishing a forward market price within tariffs. Thanks.
Savita
Let's discuss.
FYI, Gregg Cooper is with wholesale EES.
thanks, Kathy
Last July, the VA SCC submitted an application to view EOL.  They were declined by credit as they had no intention to trade.
It is Virginia's hope to use EOL as a price basis when establishing the forward market price within tariffs for utilities and other suppliers to a new emerging deregulated market.
I'm asking that this application be re-reviewed and that they be given read only access.  Three years would be most helpful as they'll be conducting this program to set pricing through 2004, possibly cal05.
Thank you,
Gregg
5-8060
Please set up a time with my asst. to discuss job opportunities in East Power.   Bring a hard copy of your resume.
Kevin,
Per Paul Racicot's suggestion and our discussion on Friday, attached, please find my resume.  Please contact me with any question.
I view the sharing of the fundies databases and associated web sites (gas and power) with the Estate as a serious commercial issue that we should not ignore.   The estate can not only use the proprietary information as a competitor in the trading business, but they could potentially sell the data to multiple competitors.
I can't imagine that this data was agreed to be shared by UBS and the Estate.   I am not planning on giving any of the data to the Estate.   I feel very strongly about this issue and the rest of the commercial organization does as well.   One of the keys to maintaining a competitive edge in this business is our huge headstart in this area.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Make sure we are crystal clear on being able to fill this position physically at any VEPCO interface (hourly or day-ahead), and the PJM/VEPCO PJM LMP index is for pricing only.
Everyone,
Here are some follow-up items from our meeting this morning. Please review them and let me know if there are any changes to this at your earliest.  As discussed, we will tie-in Dave and Elizabeth into the meeting via phone (it starts at c. 8:00AM CST).
Leslie Reeves has confirmed that we do not have any reserves against previous years' audit.
Attending the meeting from VEPCO:
Kevin Howell (President - Energy Trading).  Kevin was at Duke prior to VEPCO (started with VEPCO on 10/01/01)
Karla Haislip - Head of Origination
John Mable - Origination
Jim Hayes - Trading
Goal:  ENE will aim to settle against the Real-Time hourly index published by the PJM ISO for VEPCO/Potomac interface + $5/MWh for delivery.  ENE will retain the option to deliver the physical energy at any point identified in the contract.  The legal definition of the settlement index has been reviewed by Paul Thomas in Kevin's group, and will be as follows:
The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the average of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered at the during the applicable hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination Period. The Floating Price for each Determination Period shall be calculated utilizing the hourly clearing prices published by PJM Interconnection, LLC, for the  VEPCO Interface (VAP), on its official web site currently located at www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the headings "PJM - Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files; VAP" (the "Index"). The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be megawatt-hours (MWh) and the quantity shown shall be in MW's delivered in each applicable hour for the duration of the Transaction (the "Hourly Quantity 
The LD should be the hourly index.
CONFIDENTIAL
ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
On the VEPCO contract we also need to consider the damages for failure to deliver scheduled energy.  Yesterday we talked about normal LDs.  This likely will not work if we are basing the VEPCO price on an hourly index since VEPCO's cost of cover would likely be close to hourly prices.
Under the current contract, if we fail to deliver, EPMI is obligated to pay:
1.  Cost of Cover defined as either (a) (1) actual cost of incremental purchase or generation costs or if VEPCO is unable to make up the delivery obligations, then (2) VEPCO's highest cost source of generation minus (b) offered energy price (hourly index price under new proposal) Section 9.2); plus either
(A)  If VEPCO has designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of annual capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $530,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) (Section 9.3); or 
(B) If VEPCO has not designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of daily capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $42,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) Section 9.5 
Let's think about what we should propose (eg 150% of index hourly price per hour of non-delivery?)
Thanks
Elizabeth Sager
713-853-6349
Everyone,
Here are some follow-up items from our meeting this morning. Please review them and let me know if there are any changes to this at your earliest.  As discussed, we will tie-in Dave and Elizabeth into the meeting via phone (it starts at c. 8:00AM CST).
Leslie Reeves has confirmed that we do not have any reserves against previous years' audit.
Attending the meeting from VEPCO:
Kevin Howell (President - Energy Trading).  Kevin was at Duke prior to VEPCO (started with VEPCO on 10/01/01)
Karla Haislip - Head of Origination
John Mable - Origination
Jim Hayes - Trading
Goal:  ENE will aim to settle against the Real-Time hourly index published by the PJM ISO for VEPCO/Potomac interface + $5/MWh for delivery.  ENE will retain the option to deliver the physical energy at any point identified in the contract.  The legal definition of the settlement index has been reviewed by Paul Thomas in Kevin's group, and will be as follows:
The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the average of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered at the during the applicable hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination Period. The Floating Price for each Determination Period shall be calculated utilizing the hourly clearing prices published by PJM Interconnection, LLC, for the  VEPCO Interface (VAP), on its official web site currently located at www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the headings "PJM - Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files; VAP" (the "Index"). The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be megawatt-hours (MWh) and the quantity shown shall be in MW's delivered in each applicable hour for the duration of the Transaction (the "Hourly Quantity 
The LD calc should be the hourly index and we need to eliminate the Peak Day designation damages.
CONFIDENTIAL
ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
On the VEPCO contract we also need to consider the damages for failure to deliver scheduled energy.  Yesterday we talked about normal LDs.  This likely will not work if we are basing the VEPCO price on an hourly index since VEPCO's cost of cover would likely be close to hourly prices.
Under the current contract, if we fail to deliver, EPMI is obligated to pay:
1.  Cost of Cover defined as either (a) (1) actual cost of incremental purchase or generation costs or if VEPCO is unable to make up the delivery obligations, then (2) VEPCO's highest cost source of generation minus (b) offered energy price (hourly index price under new proposal) Section 9.2); plus either
(A)  If VEPCO has designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of annual capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $530,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) (Section 9.3); or 
(B) If VEPCO has not designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of daily capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $42,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) Section 9.5 
Let's think about what we should propose (eg 150% of index hourly price per hour of non-delivery?)
Thanks
Elizabeth Sager
713-853-6349
Everyone,
Here are some follow-up items from our meeting this morning. Please review them and let me know if there are any changes to this at your earliest.  As discussed, we will tie-in Dave and Elizabeth into the meeting via phone (it starts at c. 8:00AM CST).
Leslie Reeves has confirmed that we do not have any reserves against previous years' audit.
Attending the meeting from VEPCO:
Kevin Howell (President - Energy Trading).  Kevin was at Duke prior to VEPCO (started with VEPCO on 10/01/01)
Karla Haislip - Head of Origination
John Mable - Origination
Jim Hayes - Trading
Goal:  ENE will aim to settle against the Real-Time hourly index published by the PJM ISO for VEPCO/Potomac interface + $5/MWh for delivery.  ENE will retain the option to deliver the physical energy at any point identified in the contract.  The legal definition of the settlement index has been reviewed by Paul Thomas in Kevin's group, and will be as follows:
The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the average of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered at the during the applicable hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination Period. The Floating Price for each Determination Period shall be calculated utilizing the hourly clearing prices published by PJM Interconnection, LLC, for the  VEPCO Interface (VAP), on its official web site currently located at www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the headings "PJM - Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files; VAP" (the "Index"). The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be megawatt-hours (MWh) and the quantity shown shall be in MW's delivered in each applicable hour for the duration of the Transaction (the "Hourly Quantity 
Dana is interested in talking to JT about a scheduling and/or hourly job.
Kevin:
Are you interested in bringing JT back from broadband into a logistics or cash trading role? I'm hearing EBS may shut it down this month. I think JT would add significant value in east power. Let me know.
I will buy 5x16 unit contingent power $3.50/Mwh below my curve for 02 only for into JEA delivery.   I will buy firm LD at my mid for into JEA delivery
Managed to piece together a 25MW block on FPC system.  This is off of 3 separate steam units.  Not able to piece together more at this point.  They are offering 7x24 energy, 3 yrs. beginning 4/1/02.  They currently have a $29.50 bid on the table.  Any interest in this size block?
BB  
A few more details on this.  This is a 15MW QF on the FPC system.  They are offering 7x24 energy, 3 yrs. beginning 4/1/02.  The facility is near Tallahassee, but on the FPC system.  He said he would guaranty 80% availability off the unit.  The best bid he has on the table currently is $29.  When I run 80% availability on the model, your MID is $29.18 ($31.98 MID for Firm LD--for comparison).
Any interest in this product 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
My preference is normal energy only LD language.  If we agree to use an index pricing point (like PJM/VEPCO interface), then a fair trade-off is to eliminate the capacity ratchet 
Kevin 
Doe this mean you think we should leave in the other damages e.g a fixed payment of $42,000 if we do not deliver for a scheduled day (the actual payment required to be paid to VEPCO for non-peak day damages is based in total MWH not delivered and is derived from the following formulae: 
(1 - MWH Delivered/MWH Scheduled) times Annual Capacity Payments/365 (this number equals approx $42,000)
Elizabeth Sager
713-853-6349
The LD calc should be the hourly index and we need to eliminate the Peak Day designation damages.
CONFIDENTIAL
ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
On the VEPCO contract we also need to consider the damages for failure to deliver scheduled energy.  Yesterday we talked about normal LDs.  This likely will not work if we are basing the VEPCO price on an hourly index since VEPCO's cost of cover would likely be close to hourly prices.
Under the current contract, if we fail to deliver, EPMI is obligated to pay:
1.  Cost of Cover defined as either (a) (1) actual cost of incremental purchase or generation costs or if VEPCO is unable to make up the delivery obligations, then (2) VEPCO's highest cost source of generation minus (b) offered energy price (hourly index price under new proposal) Section 9.2); plus either
(A)  If VEPCO has designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of annual capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $530,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) (Section 9.3); or 
(B) If VEPCO has not designated day as a Peak Day (up to 30 per year), then rebate a portion of daily capacity payments (I think current amount would be about $42,000 per non-delivery if no MW delivered during day) Section 9.5 
Let's think about what we should propose (eg 150% of index hourly price per hour of non-delivery?)
Thanks
Elizabeth Sager
713-853-6349
Everyone,
Here are some follow-up items from our meeting this morning. Please review them and let me know if there are any changes to this at your earliest.  As discussed, we will tie-in Dave and Elizabeth into the meeting via phone (it starts at c. 8:00AM CST).
Leslie Reeves has confirmed that we do not have any reserves against previous years' audit.
Attending the meeting from VEPCO:
Kevin Howell (President - Energy Trading).  Kevin was at Duke prior to VEPCO (started with VEPCO on 10/01/01)
Karla Haislip - Head of Origination
John Mable - Origination
Jim Hayes - Trading
Goal:  ENE will aim to settle against the Real-Time hourly index published by the PJM ISO for VEPCO/Potomac interface + $5/MWh for delivery.  ENE will retain the option to deliver the physical energy at any point identified in the contract.  The legal definition of the settlement index has been reviewed by Paul Thomas in Kevin's group, and will be as follows:
The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the average of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered at the during the applicable hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination Period. The Floating Price for each Determination Period shall be calculated utilizing the hourly clearing prices published by PJM Interconnection, LLC, for the  VEPCO Interface (VAP), on its official web site currently located at www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the headings "PJM - Daily Real-Time Locational Marginal Pricing Files; VAP" (the "Index"). The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be megawatt-hours (MWh) and the quantity shown shall be in MW's delivered in each applicable hour for the duration of the Transaction (the "Hourly Quantity 
No interest.
IMC Phosphate would like to sell us unit cont. power at their bus for December, 5x16., 13MW.  They are in TECO's service area.  We bought this from them in July and had full availability for all but 2 hours.  This was the transaction that Rogers took in his position but sleeved through your book.  Any interest here?
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Please e-mail me the latest East Power Org Chart (including services and Genco).
Thanks.
We plan to be done trading at 1:00 pm on Friday.
Kevin,
Will you let me know what your thoughts are on this so that I can respond to Daniel.
Thanks,
Lisa
Good day all:
In preparation for this weekend I wanted to get a time that each of your groups will be available for us to start the equipment moves.  If you could reply to this message with the business units you support and the time that we can start that would allow us to better schedule this weekend 
Once a time has been established, please notify the people in your group that we will begin shortly after the defined time.
If you have any special circumstances that need considering, please call me at x34344. 
Thank you,
Daniel A. Muschar
ECS Project Team Lead
Office: 713-853-4344
Cell: 281-541-6203
daniel.muschar@
CCNA, MCSE, CNA, A+
Thanks Joe.  It was a pleasure having you as part of the team.   I respect you as a person and a professional and I wish you nothing but the best in your future career.   Please stay in touch with the team.
Good luck Joe.
Kevin,
I didn't get the chance to say goodbye or  good luck since you were not at your desk. I just wanted to thank you for giving  me the chance to work at Enron, which is (was) a special place with unique and  talented people. Your insights , management style and market  intelligence are second to none in the trading community. I hope you can keep  your core group together and not be smothered by another organization that can  only think "inside the box". Good luck.
Joe Quenet.
PS Tell Dave Ryan to take me off the distribution  list for European evening updates. I don't really care about that stuff anymore 
The UBSW Energy on-line products should be limited to the locations below through 2003 only.   Off-Peak markets will be only in NY, PJM, NEPOOL, and ERCOT.
NEPOOL PTF
NY Zone J (FP and Basis)
NY Zone G
NY Zone A
Ontario (FP and Basis)
PJM East Hub (FP and Basis)
PJM West Hub
PJM West (Basis)
Cinergy
Com-Ed (FP and Basis)
TVA (FP and Basis)
Entergy (FP and Basis)
SOCO
ERCOT South (FP)
ERCOT North (Basis)
Casey - Please see above the markets that will be Fixed Price (1-30 day market) and Basis/Spread (forwards).
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
I apologize for my earlier comments.   Everyone is having a rough time with the current meltdown of the company.   I have been here 7 years and I am seeing everything I worked for coming to an end.
It's not your fault and I do apologize.
Agreed.
No problem.  I appreciate the apology.  I just want you to know that my job is to assist you with not only your team but helping you find ways to deal with the difficult questions that will be posed to you.  I know some have answers and some do not at this point. Let me know what I can do to help you deal with them.  The more we continue to communicate the better off you will be at getting you and your team through this.
I apologize for my earlier comments.   Everyone is having a rough time with the current meltdown of the company.   I have been here 7 years and I am seeing everything I worked for coming to an end.
It's not your fault and I do apologize.
I sold 5,000 MMBtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX at 3.79/MMBtu.
The hourly index is a must for me (the day-ahead index is unhedgable for us and we would give them free money for the next 10 years).   It is important to understand that under the new proposed structure, VEPCO will call on this energy many more days than they do now and it is very important that we create an index that we can hedge I will not due this deal based on a day-ahead index - it must be hourly at the interface we defined.
Please clarify your call option vs. firm delivery comment.
Kevin and Elizabeth,
Attached is a proposal summarizing our restructuring talks with VEPCO last week.  We had proposed to them what Kevin had suggested, and they said their view on pricing in Virginia is slightly different (at a discount to PJM/VAP as against a premium suggested by us).  They'd requested we send them some discussion points from our meeting today, so we can continue our discussions on an ongoing basis. Please review the bullet-point summary of our discussions last week, and the draft proposal.  We would appreciate your quick comments - but keep in mind, this is just to stimulate further discussions with them. Our overall objective is to migrate them to a new contract and away from their rights to audit the last few years.
Discussion summary:
Both parties agree that the contract needs to be revised to reflect current market conditions (pricing, liquidated damages, etc Enron would retain flexibility around the physical delivery points.
VEPCO would like to continue treating this as a call option (versus a firm delivery).
Settlement:  Would prefer the Day-Ahead index versus the hourly index
Could also look at another PJM West index - VAP/Alleghany
Will look at alternate times for calling on power, if necessary
Would like to renegotiate by 12/01/01
Rahil
We will not be trading on Thanksgiving.   However, we will have a skeleton crew in here on Friday.   I proposed calcing P&L on Wednesday and not on Friday.
What are the plans for Thanksgiving and the Friday after?  As of now, it is a P&L holiday; therefore, the risks group will not be here, but EOL wants to know how much support staff they should have.
Thanks,
Stacey
Hello Everyone!
Please let us know if your traders are planning on trading on EOL Thursday the 22nd, and Friday the 23rd.  Thanksgiving, of course, is an Enron holiday and Exchange holiday, however we know that the traders sometimes still trade on holidays!
Let us know the level of trading so we can prepare for coverage on our end.
Thanks,
TARA
Please place on my calender.
Background & Meeting Objective:
Under the direction of Tim Belden, Kevin Presto, Lloyd Will, Anthony Dayao and Beth Perlman, Todd Busby and I have completed the 3 week analysis of wholesale and retail power systems integration. 
We would like to present the results of our analysis and discuss recommendations the team believes will lead to cost savings and process efficiencies.  The analysis results are enclosed 
Agenda;
Background
Summary of Results
Integrated Systems Vision
Open Issues
Recommendations
What do you mean only the left side.
Kevin,
Both the turret phones are recorded ONLY on the Left side....( at your desk and in your office).  The polycom is NOT recorded.  Your speaker on your desk is recorded.
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
What a piece of shit this whole BTU market is.   Your mid-offer spreads look very reasonable to me.
Orig is starting to throw a fit about our widening of mid-offers due to liquidity concerns.
FYI we widened them as follows
Bal year: $0.50
Cal '02 : $1.00
Cal '03: $1.50
Cal '04 :$2.00
Etc
May pull back in by $0.50 if it looks like liquidity is returning farther out the curve.
Need any crude?
RH
Yes.
Don Baughman contacted me late last week to request information on who of his employees have current employment agreements.  He states that he has responsiblity for Midwest Realtime, SE Realtime and the schedulers in those regions.   Seems like a logical request given the direct reports are correct. Are you comfortable with me providing this information?
Fine.
Kevin 
I am going to tell Joe to drop this issue.
RH
Rogers,
Let me know when you have two seconds to give me some clue as to what to do about this email.  I am trying to get granted my orig for this transaction and this is the response I get from Heather.  If the orig amount doesn't matter for performance measures, then I will drop it.  The original agreement with Ozzie and Heather was that my orig would be the value of some put they sold to either CPL or AIG.  That value is $1.6MM.  I don't really care about the orig value, but if it helps me in the long run, I would like to have it next to my name 
-Joe
Help, what are you talking about?  We booked $7.6mm for the sale of the plants to AIG and $1.6mm for the put option.  These amounts have been in the books since Q1 for the plant sale and Q3 for the put.
Heather
Heather,
I am following up on that email I sent you a while back regarding the origination for the Alamac deal.  The origination was supposed to be the value of the put that was sold.  Can you give me the status of this?  Thanks.
-Joe
King, Carson, Suarez, Gupta, Broderick, Schiavone, Misra, Wang, and Ballato also need to be able to trade gas (or there equivalent trading books need to be able to trade gas if the above names change).
Kevin,
Currently, we do not have delivery points established for PJM West or Ontario.  Will these be primary points or will they be dependent upon another curve 
Also, I just want to ensure that there have been no revisions to what you previously passed on regarding gas trading - only you and the desk heads (you, Dana, Fletch, Rogers, Harry and Doug).  I have set up gas price books already and I am in the process of setting up Gas Daily books (basis and index) for those mentioned.  Any additions/deletions/corrections?!
Thanks for the input.
Casey
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.   I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:
NEPOOL PTF
NY Zone J
NY Zone G
NY Zone A
Ontario
PJM East Hub
PJM West Hub
PJM West
Cinergy
Com-Ed
TVA
Entergy
SOCO
ERCOT South (FP)
ERCOT North (Basis)
Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books Team - Am I missing anthing?
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Not sure if you guys were aware of this.  I heard that Tractebel was unwinding a lot of their positions over the last couple weeks, and that the PSC shot the deal down (yesterday i think).
John
Agreed.   I think Bradford already blew up the Constellation deal.
Berney -
A heads up - Bernstein is working on a supply deal with Constellation.  I am told it is the same as Alleghenny but have not seen.  I think they are still working on language, etc., but I get conflicting signals as I think they are already talking pricing - who knows.   I am not even sure what regions - these guys are operating in stealth mode as usual 
I have reiterated to Deb Merrill and Janet that these deals need to come through the traditional sales channels once the Master and Confirms have been agreed to (we need to be comfortable with Master and Confirm before any pricing is contemplated).  Specifically, we need to make sure that 1)  Legal provides us a detailed gap analysis between contracts (purchase vs. sales), 2) all pricing comes through traditional channels (deal mgmnt/commodity structuring), 3) we know exactly how this is priced in relation to mid-offer, consider residual desk risk and 4) most importantly, we need to know exactly what type of orig. is being anticipated.  On the last point, I do not contemplate granting any orig for supply marked above our mids.  My view on this is that if they want to bring in supply between our mid-offer, they can sell this supply directly to customers, I do not plan to manage the risk.
Please let me know when you begin hearing about this.
Thanks,
Rogers
Thanks.   Sounds like you are having a blast.   See ya on Sunday.   How about them Canes.
Hey Kevin- 
I am doin really good, having lots of fun.  We went to the game today, it was SO COLD!!  We were on the 50 yard line right there on the field, the first row it was SWEET!!  I won $200 too because I guessed the score right on About the keyboard, I'm not sure it still has a warranty i will check when i get back. 
Seeya, 
Matthew
sold 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 05 nymex at $3.695/mmbtu.
sold 5,000 mmbtu/day of cal 04 nymex at $3.58/mmbtu.
The old lady says no.   So far, there is 5 power guys that will play if the game is on.
me, brad mckay, tych and 3 others would like to take on 6 power hacks in football on Thursday morning.  Touch.
No interest in pursuing this business.
i'm going to be in houston monday-tuesday next week and would like to get together to talk about using our products in the new environment (ie, the new dynegy with generation assets).  the value proposition is different from before and i need to make some decisions very shortly regarding my contract.  you may know that EGM is being broken up and i need to decide where i am going to go.  i need to get your thoughts on that.
wednesday is a dead day so i gave my staff, including me, the day off.  please call me at 610-996-2522 on wednesday.  thanks.
Any value in this?
K evin:
A friend of a friend is selling the product described below.  It looks like something in which your guys would be interested, but I wasn't sure to whom I should send it.  Michelle Parks suggested that I send it directly to you.  Please let me know if you want more information about the product or Saaty.
Jim Grace
Jim,
Thanks for the help.
As I mentioned, AWS (originally Automated Weather Source) has more than 5500 weather stations deployed around the US.  This is the most dense real-time weather network in the country.  We gather data from all of these stations through the Internet, and can feed it out as live data streams.  We also have an 8-year historical repository of the data that was gathered as the network was built out.  As an example, in the Houstonarea we have 82 weather stations.  The National Weather Service has 6.  Each of our stations measures windspeed and direction, temperature, relative humidity, rainfall, light, and barometric pressure and 400 of our stations have digital cameras.  We can analyze 27 different weather parameters in real-time.  Check out www.aws.com
Our current products are consumer-oriented.  We sell our services to TV broadcast stations, i.e. KPRC in Houston.  We also wrap the data in advertising and offer it as the WeatherBug.  AWS' WeatherBugproduct is now the largest weather destination in the USas measured by Media Metrics.
We are now exploring how our data might be applied to the Energy industry.  Examples include offering real-time weather data to energy trading operations which shows in  real-time the deviation from forecast.  This can be at the national, regional, metropolitan or local levels.  You could watch a weather front move into a metropolitan area and see how it is shaping up as compared to the forecast to aid in energy purchases, bids, etc.  The data could be used with basis risk in derivative contracts.  It could also be used to forecast what a specific NWS station was going to forecast in the near future.  You may have more uses.  Most of our sites are located in and around metropolitan areas which is a positive for energy demand  
We would like to talk with the folks running Enron's trading area to discuss if this data could be used and what products might be built for the industry.
Thanks and  
John Saaty
AWS
301-258-8390 x1622
jsaaty@aws.com
I'm supposed to be in Disneyworld with the family for my first vacation in two years.   Sorry, but I can't swing it.
1 just had a baby and I'm playing.
The old lady says no.   So far, there is 5 power guys that will play if the game is on.
me, brad mckay, tych and 3 others would like to take on 6 power hacks in football on Thursday morning.  Touch.
I usually do, but she's been holding out.
i thought you had pull
The old lady says no.   So far, there is 5 power guys that will play if the game is on.
me, brad mckay, tych and 3 others would like to take on 6 power hacks in football on Thursday morning.  Touch.
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.   I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:
NEPOOL PTF
NY Zone J
NY Zone G
NY Zone A
Ontario
PJM East Hub
PJM West Hub
PJM West
Cinergy
Com-Ed
TVA
Entergy
SOCO
ERCOT South (FP)
ERCOT North (Basis)
Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books Team - Am I missing anthing?
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Please put Allan Stewart Contact information (get from Rogers) in My Outlook contacts - home, cell, work, address, etc. and put a reminder on my calender to call him to re-establish contract relationship.
Also, please put a reminder to call Fred Giffels regarding consulting agreement and FPL.
Kevin 
You may want to get in touch with PIRA.  I think we terminated our clent retainer services and are no longer receiving gas/power updates.  Allan's # is 212-686-6808.
RH 
Rogers, 
FYI. 
Allan 
Contact Client Services regarding delivery of your  PIRA reports or address changes at (212) 686-6808, email: support@pira.com  
You can access all your PIRA reports or search  through a report archive by logging in to PIRA Online at www.pira.com  
NOTE: Circulation of PIRA reports outside a Client's  licensed distribution area is strictly prohibited. Clients that are unsure of  their licensed distribution or require an extension of their current license  should contact their PIRA sales representative, or email: sales@pira.com  
PIRA Energy Group 
- Aga011602.pdf  
I'll defer to you and Lloyd on this one.
Kevin, 
Let me know what you think
Rika
Rika,
Just a verification on the December 3-4, 2001 conference meeting in New
York.  I am bringing it up again now because the early registration discount
($200) expires this week.
As a reminder, the meeting includes discussions on major nuclear,
generation, and transmission topics by all the key officials (Meserve-NRC,
Wood-FERC, Blake-DOE, Bingaman-Senate, Connaughton-White House,
Bayless-Dynegy, Peterson-NRG Energy, Rogers-Cinergy).
Conference cost - $1395 (We pay time and expenses).
Again, I'm bringing this up only because of the discount expiration coming
up.  After this, I won't bother you with it again.
It seems a valuable opportunity to understand the direction from all
governmental regulators plus major industry viewpoints.
If we do this meeting, the count for all completed and scheduled meetings
through December will be six out of the contract allowable ten.  That gives
a backlog of four meetings; a rate of 1.2 meetings per month; and a
projected contract year completion of 14.5 meetings out of an allowable 24.
Let me know.
Dan
Please attend.
Please let me know if Dan should attend or if you need more information.
Rika 
Rika,
For months we had no meetings, now all of a sudden I'm bringing one up
almost every week.
This meeting Fred said would be very beneficial to attend.  It occurs Nov
1&2, 2001.  It concerns nuclear industry consolidation and deregulation
issues.  It is covering a full range of important issues in our forecasting
analysis including licensing, inspection, enforcement & assessment,
decommissioning, deregulation, etc.
Again, I brought this up to Fred to see if he agreed on the import of this
meeting, and he strongly suggested we attend.
Let me know as soon as possible because it is scheduled for this week.
Thanks,
Dan
Have HGP attend.
Please advise
Thanks 
Rika 
Rika,
Here are a couple of meetings that might be interesting:
MEETING 1.  10/24/01 - A meeting to discuss Davis-Besse's (ECAR) proposal to
defer required reactor vessel head penetration inspections to their April
2002 refueling outage.  This is interesting because due to the recent
discoveries of cracked and leaking vessel head penetrations (like that at
Oconee 3), all PWRs are required by Bulletin 2001-01 to perform inspections
and provide information related to the structural integrity of the upper
reactor pressure vessel head penetration nozzles to ensure the integrity of
the reactor coolant system pressure boundary and to demonstrate compliance
with applicable regulatory requirements.  Davis-Besse, however, wants to
defer this inspection/assurance information until their refueling outage in
the Spring of 2002.  The NRC has 4 categories of plants according to risk
for penetration cracking.  They are:
1. Plants that already experienced cracks (Oconee 1, 2, 3; ANO 1; Cook 2)
2. Plants that are considered with high susceptibility (Davis-Besse, and six
other plants)
3. Plants that are considered with moderate susceptibility (32 plants)
4. Plants that are considered with low susceptibility
So, with Davis-Besse in the high susceptible category, the NRC may require
them to provide assurance requiring an inspection and therefore an outage.
MEETING 2.  10/25/01 - The day after the above meeting is a meeting
concerning the Pebble Bed reactor.  This is the reactor type that Exelon is
pushing for construction and use in the US.  Exelon will be discussing with
the NRC the biggest possible "showstopper" for the design--the graphite
coolant.  Graphite can burn (e.g. Chernobyl).  However, pebble bed
proponents say it is unlikely.  The NRC should provide info on their
concerns and leanings which would steer Exelon one way or another.
So far this contract year, we have attended two meetings.  That leaves us
currently with a backlog of four meetings through this month and a rate of
use of .67 meetings per month which would make the projected use for the
year of about eight of the 24 meetings allowed in the contract.  If we
attend the above two meetings, the backlog would be down to two; the rate
would be 1.33 per month; and the projected yearend total would still be only
about 16.
Let me know as soon as possible since meeting #1 is scheduled for tomorrow
so I would need to make plans.
Thanks,
Dan
No.
Please let me know if Dan should attend. 
Rika 
Rika,
On Dec 3-4, 2001, there will be a conference on energy policy and regulation. 
Key speakers include:
Richard Meserve - Chairman of Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
Pat Wood - Chairman of Federal Energy Regulatoy Commission (FERC)
Francis Blake - Dep. Secretary of Energy (US DOE)
James Connaughton - Chairman, White House Council on Environmental Quality
Jeff Bingaman - Senator and Chairman of Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources
Carl Wood - Commissioner, California public Utilities Commission
and others
Topics include:
-New nuclear power generation in the U.S.
-Breaking the Nuclear waste policy logjam
-FERC policy for restructuring wholesale markets
-FERC policy for creating four mega-RTOs plus ERCOT
-National energy and environmental policy (Bush administration perspective & Congressional perspective)
-The future of state restructuring
and others
As you can see this is a major conference with a lot of key issues and a lot of key individuals delivering their views and leading discussions.  I think it would be beneficial for us to attend.  Again, since this is a conference rather than an NRC meeting, I would suggest the trade-off of us paying for flight, hotel, and all other expenses and time if you would pick up the conference cost ($1395.00 discounted "early bird" rate).
Let me know.
Thanks,
Dan
I talked to Giffels today and he mentioned that SONGS units are under serious security scrutiny given its location.   He gave us a 50/50 probability that Indian Pt 1&2 (30 minutes north of NY City) and Pilgrim (15 minutes north of Boston) would be shut down in the near term for security reasons.
He mentioned that SONGS was also a candidate.   I personally don't think the probability is that high, nonetheless, the rumors seem to be in the market.
Please attend meetings 1 and 3 and provide meeting summaries directly to Rika for internal distribution.
Thanks.
Kevin,
We are two months into the new contract and have not yet gone to any NRC
meetings.  There do not seem to be many that are significant.  I had been
expecting (and still am) that a meeting with Palisades ought to be scheduled
soon.  I even talked with one of the NRC staff to see if one was going to be
coming up.  Although the NRC said that there probably would be one, nothing
is yet scheduled.  I also expected a meeting to be conducted with Cook due
to the twin outages they are experiencing--but again, nothing yet.
There are a couple on the agenda now that may be of interest--certainly not
if we had meetings of real plant problems, but since we have now a contract
backlog of four meetings with two more for October, you might want us to
attend some of these meetings of lesser import.
1. 10/2/01 - A meeting with the public to discuss DOE's Tritium Production
Program.  DOE, NRC, and TVA (representatives from Watts Bar and Sequoyah)
will be conducting this meeting.  Since it is just a public informational
meeting, there will probably not be much new information given.  But I am
sure the public will have opportunity to ask questions, and if you have some
questions you would like me to ask, we could do that.
2. 9/26/01 - A meeting to discuss a revision to the NEI document outlining
the Regulatory Assessment Performance Indicator Guideline of the Revised
Reactor Oversight Process.  Again, it is not something that we absolutely
need right now, and we should be able to get the final product later, but it
may be helpful to hear discussion so that we can determine what the NRC
concerns are and how they will be leaning in inspections.
3. 10/18/01 - A meeting with the commissioners to discuss regulatory reform.
This provides a higher level understanding of where the NRC is headed.  This
meeting may include discussion of new reactor construction.
That is it for meetings of any kind of interest.  If you want me to go to
any of these, please let me know.  You may want to save the meetings in case
things get hot and heavy later, but it's kind of doubtful that we would ever
exceed the number available especially now with a backlog.
Let me know.
Dan
I will be out Wednesday through Friday on vacation.   Please have Dana Davis, Fletch Sturm, Rob Benson, Andy Zipper, and Doug Gilbert-Smith represent East Power in my absense.
Thanks.
Bob Dinerstein, Head of UBS Warburg Legal will be arriving on Thursday, February 7.  Bob would like to spend an hour with the business leaders to discuss the energy market and the regulatory/legal environment.  I have reserved Conference RM 06716 for this meeting @ 1:00 p.m. CST.  The dial-in number is listed below.  Please advise only if you are unable to participate 
Dial-in number: 888.380.9636 
Host code:      693470 (Louise) 
Participant code:257749 
Many Thanks, 
Liz Taylor 
Assistant to Greg Whalley 
713.853.1935 office 
713.853.1838 fax 
713.854.3056 mobile 
Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower.   I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:
NEPOOL PTF
NY Zone J
NY Zone G
NY Zone A
Ontario
PJM East Hub
PJM West Hub
PJM West
Cinergy
Com-Ed
TVA
Entergy
SOCO
ERCOT South (FP)
ERCOT North (Basis)
Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books Team - Am I missing anthing?
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
905 N.E. 11th Avenue.
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 230-7544~~(503) 230-4080 Bonneville Power Administration   Corporate Risk Manager Business Services - C
905 N.E. 11th Avenue.   ~~djarmstrong@bpa.gov~#PERSON~Dr. Robert Alvarez   ~~281-550-4635         ~#PERSON~Ricardo Acosta P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-2040 ~~EL Paso Electric   Supervisor Resource Planning P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Ronald~~M.~~Arness   ~~317-261-8637~~317-630-5787 IPL (Indianapolis Powe & Light Company)   Director~~System Operations    rarness@ipalco.com~#PERSON~Russ Anderson P.O. Box 4707
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59806 (406) 626-4451~~(406) 626-5572 Stone Container Corporation   Plant Engineer P.O. Box 4707   ~~~#PERSON~Tony Altman   ~~561-866-8846 ~~FPL    ~~561-866-8846 561-241-1119  ~#PERSON ~Bluegreen Corp.   ~~1-800-330-1367~~561-912-8255 Bluegreen Corp.       ~~~#PERSON~Anatole Bezugly 1900 2ND Ave. North
Lake Worth, FL~~Lake Worth~~FL~~33461 (407) 586-1698~~(407) 586-1702 City of Lake Worth   Engineering Manager 1900 2ND Ave. North   ~~~#PERSON ~Bank of America 12600 NW Cornell Rd.
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97229 281-442-1254 ~~Bank of America    12600 NW Cornell Rd.   ~~~#PERSON~Bill Boyer   ~~281-460-4709 ~~Surrond Sound       ~~~#PERSON~Bill Bradford   ~~713-853-3831 ~~ECT       ~~~#PERSON~Bob Breeze Town Lake Center 721 Barton Springs Road
Austin, TX~~Austin~~TX~~78704 (512) 322-6269~~(512) 322-6280 City of Austin Utilities   Air Quality Engineer Environmental Division Town Lake Center 721 Barton Springs Road   ~~~#PERSON~Brent Brobak~~Mr.~~11120 NE 33rd Place
Bellevue, WA~~Bellevue~~WA~~98004 (425) 822-6800~~(425) 889-1702 ALSTOM ESCA CORPORATION   Account Manager 11120 NE 33rd Place   ~~brent.brobak@alstom.esca.com~#PERSON~B. (Joe)~~J.~~Bentley   ~~(317) 261-8600~~(317) 630-5760 IPL (Indiapapolis Power & Light Company)   Manager~~Bulk Power Services    bbentley@ipalco.com~#PERSON~Charles~~A.~~Borchardt   ~~(706) 213-3805~~(706) 213-3884 U.S. Department of Energy   Administrator    ~~~#PERSON~Dan Bedbury 500 East 4th Avenue
Eugene, OR~~Eugene~~OR~~97440 (503) 484-2411 ~~Eugene Water & Electric Board   Power Scheduler I 500 East 4th Avenue
~~~#PERSON~Dennis Burns   ~~305-252-1846      305-252-1846 ~~305-618-2499 ~~~#PERSON~Dennis~~J.~~Bender   ~~607-762-4024~~607-762-4109 New York State Electric & Gas Corporation   Manager    ~~~#PERSON~Donald Benjamin Princeton Forrestal Village 
116-390 Village Boulevard
Princeton, NJ~~Princeton~~NJ~~08540-5731 (609) 452-8060~~(609) 452-9550 North American Electric Reliability Council   Director - Operations Princeton Forrestal Village 
116-390 Village Boulevard   ~~~#PERSON~Ed Baughman 1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002 713-853-6351 ~~ECT    1400 Smith Street~~281-362-7801 (home) 713-594-7904  ~#PERSON~Edward Bleifuss 5411 N.E. Highway 99 P.O. Box 491
Vancouver, WA~~Vancouver~~WA~~98666-0491 (360) 418-2101~~(360) 418-2920 Bonneville Power Adminisllatiom   Manager 5411 N.E. Highway 99 P.O. Box 491   ~~~#PERSON~Greg Booth   ~~503-728-2163~~503-728-2812 Clatskanie PUD   General Manager    ~~~#PERSON~J. Frank Bates El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX ~~(915) 543-5868~~(915) 521-4741 El Paso Electric Company   Vice President Transmission & Distribution    ~~avus15a@prodigy.com~#PERSON~Kenneth Beeson 500 East 4th Avenue
Eugene, OR~~Eugene~~OR~~97440 (541) 341-3772~~(541) 341-1889 Eugene Water & Electric Board   Energy Resource Projects Manager 500 East 4th Avenue
~~ken.beeson@eweb.eugene.or.us~#PERSON~Kevin Burns     OATI       ~~kevin.burns@oatiinc.com~#PERSON~Lawrence Becker 18578 Northeast 67th Court
Redmond, WA~~Redmond~~WA~~98052~~USA~~(425) 869-3013~~(425) 881-1123 National Energy Production Corporation   Director Business Development 18578 Northeast 67th Court~~(425) 820-2767   larryb@nepco.com~#PERSON~Lisa Beeson 1251 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY~~New York~~NY~~10020 (212) 703-6460~~(212) 703-7888 Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated   Vice President 1251 Avenue of the Americas   ~~~#PERSON~Lynn Brondos   ~~(614) 267-7480~~(614) 261-4854 Power Industry Executive Search   Headhunter    ~~lbrondos@aoc-aes.com~#PERSON~Mark Becker P.O. Box 1088
Austin, TX~~Austin~~TX~~78767-8814 (512) 322-6287 ~~City of Austin Utilities   Engineer II Resource Planning & Evaluation P.O. Box 1088   ~~~#PERSON~Marline~~R.~~Breece   ~~(317) 261-8879~~(317) 261-8288 IPL (Indianapolis Power & Light Company)   Associate Counsel    ~~~#PERSON~Mary Brown     OATI       ~~mary.brown@oatiinc.com~#PERSON~Norm Beckert   ~~208-384-6470~~208-384-7937 Boise Cascade       ~~~#PERSON~Patrick Beathard   ~~512-469-9766      512-478-3785   ~#PERSON~Robert Boschee P.O. Box 4707
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59806-4707 (406) 626-4451~~(406) 626-5986 Stone Container Corporation   General Manager P.O. Box 4707   ~~~#PERSON~Ronald~~W.~~Bauer   ~~313-235-8463~~313-235-4971 Detroit Edison   Director - Operations~~Operations & Planning & Controls    bauerr@detroitedison.com~#PERSON~Stephen Buck 3000 George Washington Way
Mail Drop 381
Richland, WA~~Richland~~WA~~99352-0968 (509) 372-5828~~(509) 372-5649 Washington Public Power Supply System   Sr. Treasury Specialist 3000 George Washington Way
Mail Drop 381   ~~~#PERSON~Steve Brockhoff   ~~281-463-8187~~281-463-8190 State Farm       ~~~#PERSON~Sydney Berwager 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 400
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 230-5879~~(503) 230-7333 Bonneville Power Administration   Senior Account Executive 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 400   ~~~#PERSON~Thomas~~H.~~Bauer   ~~(713) 853-6109 (Enron)~~(713) 646-3555 (Enron Fax) Arthur Anderson LLP       ~~thomas.h.bauer@arthurandersen.com~#PERSON~Tim Belden   ~~503-464-3820 ~~ECT West       ~~~#PERSON~Bruce Carlson P.O. Box 270
Hartford, CT~~Hartford~~CT~~06141-0270 (860) 665-5114~~(860) 665-5798 Northeast Utilities Service Company   Manager - Wholesale Power Risk Assessment P.O. Box 270   ~~carlsbl@nu.com~#PERSON ~Chase Manhatten Mortgage P.O. Box 11740
Monroe, LA~~Monroe~~LA~~71211-1740 318-388-8938 ~~Chase Manhatten Mortgage    P.O. Box 11740   ~~~#PERSON~Craig Cruzen 3640 Stonecreek Lane South
Ft. Worth, TX~~Ft. Worth~~TX~~76137 817-847-7555     ~~3640 Stonecreek Lane South ~~817-832-4006  ~#PERSON~Dave Camardese   ~~561-625-7650 ~~FPL       ~~~#PERSON~Dennis Corn   ~~(281) 876-5566~~(281) 876-5590 FPL Energy   Project Director    ~~dennis_corn@fpl.com~#PERSON~Elizabeth A. Creel~~Ms.~~System Power Planning
1101 Market Street, MRBK
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-2550~~(423) 751-7462 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Manager - Bulk Energy Solutions Team System Power Planning
1101 Market Street, MRBK   ~~~#PERSON~Gus Cepero P.O. Box 86
South Bay, FL~~South Bay~~FL~~33493 (407) 996-9072~~(407) 992-7326 FLO-Energy   Vice President P.O. Box 86   ~~~#PERSON~James Curtis P.O. Box 3621
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97208-3621 (503) 230-5111~~230-5316 Bonneville Power Administration   Chief Financial Officer P.O. Box 3621   ~~~#PERSON~Jerry Campbell 1616 Charlie Wimpy Rd.
Blairsville, GA~~Blairsville~~GA~~30512 864-488-3630 (Ext. 104)~~864-488-1312 G.L.C. Consulting Services, Inc.   Owner 1616 Charlie Wimpy Rd.~~706-781-1810   ~#PERSON~Jimmy Castleberry P.O. Box 1389
Vero Beach, FL~~Vero Beach~~FL~~32961-1389 (407) 562-7231~~(407) 569-5981 Vero Beach Power Plant   Supervisor, Energy Control P.O. Box 1389   ~~~#PERSON~Joe Connor          ~~205-516-2078  wibbie@compuserve.com~#PERSON~John Carr 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 300
Portland, Oregon~~Portland~~Oregon~~97232 (503) 813-5123~~(503) 813-5236 Pacificorp   Assistant Vice President, Global Industrial Sales 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 300   ~~john.carr@pacificorp.com~#PERSON~Kent~~A.~~Cundiff   ~~(704) 382-0574~~(704) 382-4014 Duke Power   Manager  ~~(704) 996-4725  kacundif@duke-energy.com~#PERSON~Lance Cunningham Holly Power Plant
~~512-322-6255~~Holly Power Plant Fax 5: 2/505-7807 City of Austin Power & Light   Operations Analyst Holly Power Plant   ~~~#PERSON~Patrick Clevenger PO Box 4707
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59806 406-625-4451~~406-626-5986 Stone Container Corporation   Materials Manager PO Box 4707   ~~~#PERSON~Pete Chamberlin   ~~908-771-1494~~908-771-1194 British Oxygen       ~~~#PERSON~Richard Crounse~~Mr. ~~15710 JFK Boulevard, Suite 285
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77032 (281) 920-6173~~(281) 920-6199 OSI Software, Inc. (formerly Oil Systems, Inc.)   Sales Engineer 15710 JFK Boulevard, Suite 285~~(281) 812-9009 (281) 610-0799  rcrounse@osisoft.com~#PERSON~Richard "Rick"~~L.~~Casey   ~~(407) 859-7310~~(407) 856-6553 Florida Municipal Power Agency   System Planning Manager    ~~rick.casey@fmpa.com~#PERSON~Rob Chudzinski 1 Hurricane Drive
Coral Gables, FL~~Coral Gables~~FL~~33146-0820 (305) 284-2563 ~~University of Miami   Tight Ends Coach 1 Hurricane Drive   ~~~#PERSON~Robert Cullen 601 South Lake Destiny Road, Suite 450
P.O. Box 9451O0
Maitland, FL~~Maitland~~FL~~32794-5100 (407) 875-5838~~407- 875-5892 Florida Gas Transmission Company   Account Director, Market Development 601 South Lake Destiny Road, Suite 450
P.O. Box 9451O0   ~~~#PERSON~Ron Clark   ~~713-370-6372 ~~Surround Sound      713-607-4321 ~~~#PERSON~Steven Christensen 30 South Nevada Ave., Suite 602
P.O. Box 1103, Mail Code 620
Colorado Springs, CO~~Colorado Springs~~CO~~80947-0620 (719) 448-8641~~(719) 448-8651 Colorado Springs Utilities   Manager Planning & Distribution Services Electric 30 South Nevada Ave., Suite 602
P.O. Box 1103, Mail Code 620   ~~schristensen@csu.org~#PERSON~Timothy Castille 5411 NE Highway 99
Vancouver, WA~~Vancouver~~WA~~98663 (360) 418-2246~~(360) 418-2920 Bonneville Power Administration   Customer Account Executive 5411 NE Highway 99   ~~~#PERSON~Timothy Corrigan Bank One Building, Suite 1900
1125 Seventeenth Street
Denver, CO~~Denver~~CO~~80202-2615 (303) 299-5328~~(303) 297-3827 R W Beck   National Director Consulting Client Services Bank One Building, Suite 1900
1125 Seventeenth Street   ~~tcorrigan@rwbeck.com~#PERSON~Tom Churbeck   ~~561-347-7336 ~~Power Systems Engineering       ~~~#PERSON~Y. Walter Campbell~~Mr.   704-382-4388~~704-382-7939 Duke Power   Senior Consultant System Planning & Operating ~~704-365-0591   ycampbell@duke-energy.com~#PERSON~Albert Davies 13000 Jameson Road
Tehachapi, CA~~Tehachapi~~CA~~93561 (805) 823-6733~~(805) 822-5015 Enron Wind Development Corp.   Director of Project Development 13000 Jameson Road   ~~adavies@~#PERSON~A. M. Dunn 12116 - 107 Street, Edmonton Alberta T5G SS7
Mailing Address: 10065 Jasper Avenue T5J 3B1
Edmonton, Alberta~~Edmonton~~Alberta~~T5J 3B1~~Canada~~(403) 477-0480~~(403) 428-2205 Edmonton Power   Energy Management Centre Director Genco 12116 - 107 Street, Edmonton Alberta T5G SS7
Mailing Address: 10065 Jasper Avenue T5J 3B1   ~~~#PERSON~Bert Dunn 500 East 4th Avenue Post Office Box 10148
Eugene, Oregon 97440, -~~Eugene, Oregon 97440~~-~~2148 (503) 484-2411 ~~EWEB   Power Resource Analyst 500 East 4th Avenue Post Office Box 10148   ~~~#PERSON~Chuck Debenon   ~~713-356-4211 ~~Price Waterhouse   CPA    ~~~#PERSON~Dave Delainey 1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002 713-853-3829 ~~ECT    Managing Director~~East Origination~~1400 Smith Street~~713-592-9723 (home) 713-907-6315  ~#PERSON~Don Dame~~ ~~180 Cirby Way.
Roseville, CA~~Roseville~~CA~~95678 (916) 781-4207~~(916) 783-7693 Northern California Power Agency    Business Unit Manager Marketing & Member Services 180 Cirby Way.   ~~ddameencpa.com~#PERSON~John Deckert 333 Clay Street, Suite 1800
Houston, Texas~~Houston~~Texas~~77002 (713) 646-6532~~(713) 646-6565 Enron Development Corp   General Manager 333 Clay Street, Suite 1800   ~~~#PERSON~Jules Dominguez 133 Peachtree Street, N.E. (30303) P.O. Box 105605
Atlanta, GA~~Atlanta~~GA~~30348-5605 (404) 652-4606~~(404) 584-1466 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Manager, Utility Engineering Central Engineering Department 133 Peachtree Street, N.E. (30303) P.O. Box 105605   ~~~#PERSON~Karen Dyer Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL ~~407-425-7118~~407-425-7047 Bois & Schiller Law Firm       ~~~#PERSON~Mark Dobler   ~~713-345-5296~~713-345-5220 OEC   Vice President ~~281-363-0911 206-849-7986  ~#PERSON~Martha L. Dalloul~~Ms.~~1101 Market Street, MR3H
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-2575~~(423) 751-3529 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Specialist, System Business Planning 1101 Market Street, MR3H   ~~mldalloul@tva.gov~#PERSON~Mauricio De La Torre 14 Calle 5-49, Zone 1
60 Nivel Edifficio NASA
Guatemala~~303060~~301086 Empresa Electrica de Guatemala   Operations Manager - Private Generation 14 Calle 5-49, Zone 1
60 Nivel Edifficio NASA   ~~~#PERSON~Mitch Davidson   ~~(281) 297-3000 ~~Entergy Power Marketing Corp.       ~~~#PERSON~Richard Doying   ~~301-280-6780~~301-280-6900 U.S. Generating Company   Manager~~Market Assessments    rdoying@usgen.com~#PERSON~Robert Decarrera 133 Peachtree Street, N.E. (30303) P.O. Box 105605
Atlanta, GA~~Atlanta~~GA~~30348-5605 (404) 652-4686~~(404) 584-1466 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Sr. Utility Systems Engineer Central Engineering Department 133 Peachtree Street, N.E. (30303) P.O. Box 105605   ~~~#PERSON~Robert Dalley 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 700  
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 731-2014~~(503) 731-2026 Pacificorp   Assistant Vice President System Development 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 700     ~~~#PERSON~Robert De Boer 2000 Market St.
Philadelphia, PA~~Philadelphia~~PA~~19103-3222 (215) 419-7736~~(215) 419-5212 Elf Atochem North America, Inc.   Director - Purchasing 2000 Market St.   ~~~#PERSON~Robert DeAngelo 107 Selden St
Berlin, CT~~Berlin~~CT~~06037 (203) 665-3207~~(203) 665-5457 Northeast Utilities Service Company   Manager - Investment Management 107 Selden St PERSON~Robert Dolan 3201 34th St  So
P.O. Box 14042
St Petersburg, FL~~St Petersburg~~FL~~33711 (813) 866-4745~~(813) 866-4994 Florida Power Corporation   Manager, Cogeneration Contracts and Administration 3201 34th St  So
P.O. Box 14042   ~~~#PERSON~Sam Daniel~~Mr.~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-6643~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   EC Staff Engineer 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~sdaniel@serc1.org~#PERSON~Sandra Dunphy 1360 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 500
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77056-3020~~USA~~(713) 961-8525~~(713) 961-8557 BHP Power Inc   Manager Market Development 1360 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 500   ~~~#PERSON~Steve Dayney 1225 17th Street, Suite 400
Denver, CO~~Denver~~CO~~80202 (303) 294-8596~~(303) 294-8561 New Century Energies   Project Manager Business Expansion & Development 1225 17th Street, Suite 400   ~~sdayney@msp.psco.com~#PERSON~Tom Dauenhauer P.O. Box 4707
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59806-4707 (406) 626-4451~~(406) 626-5986 Stone Container Corporation   Buyer P.O. Box 4707   ~~~#PERSON~William E. Duke, P.E.~~Mr.~~Post Office Box 1160
3197 Brooks Road
Tupelo, MS~~Tupelo~~MS~~38802 (601) 690-3407~~(601) 690-3601 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Customer Service Engineer - Mississippi Post Office Box 1160
3197 Brooks Road   ~~weduke@tva.gov~#PERSON~Anthony Eitreim 3000 George Washington Way
Mail Drop 396
Richland, WA~~Richland~~WA~~99352-0968 (509) 372-5380 ~~Washington Public Power Supply System   Senior Counsel 3000 George Washington Way
Mail Drop 396   ~~~#PERSON~Bill Emsley   ~~970-229-5210 ~~Platte River Authority       ~~~#PERSON~C. Michael Eason Office: 237 Ballytore Court
Yardley, PA~~Yardley~~PA~~19067 (215) 493-5762~~(215) 493-5762 Tenaska Inc   Consulting Principal Office: 237 Ballytore Court   ~~~#PERSON~David Ehler 18578 NE 67th Ct, Ste 200
Redmond, WA~~Redmond~~WA~~98052 425-869-3611~~425-869-3629 Operational Energy Corporation   Manager Business Development 18578 NE 67th Ct, Ste 200   ~~davideh@nepco.com~#PERSON~David Eves P.O. Box 1078
Golden, CO~~Golden~~CO~~80402 (303) 273-4747~~(303) 273-4676 New Century Energies   Director Purchased Power & Energy Training P.O. Box 1078   ~~deves@msp.psco.com~#PERSON~Elena Elena 5003 NE Mason
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97218 503-358-7214~~503-287-0368 Imax Trans    5003 NE Mason   ~~imastrans@aol.com~#PERSON ~Enron Savings Plan   ~~1-800-316-7526 ~~Enron Savings Plan       ~~~#PERSON~F. Max Emrick~~ ~~3628 South 35th St
Tacoma, WA~~Tacoma~~WA~~98411-0007 (253) 502-8826~~(253) 502-8136 Tacoma Public Utilities   Assistant Generation Manager Production Engineering 3628 South 35th St   ~~memrick@ci.tacoma.wa.us~#PERSON~Timothy Eves The Quadrangle MC 550
4400 Alafaya Trail
Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL~~32826-2399 (407) 281-2550~~(407) 281-2116 Westinghouse Electric Corporation   Manager Project Development The Quadrangle MC 550
4400 Alafaya Trail   ~~~#PERSON~William F. Elwood, Ph.D.~~Mr.~~4400 Alafaya Trail, MC 562
Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL~~32826-2399 (407) 281-5421~~(407) 281-5028 Siemens Westinghouse Power Corporation   Senior Plant Operations - Engineer 4400 Alafaya Trail, MC 562   ~~~#PERSON~Allison Feller   ~~212-893-3726 ~~Bloomberg Power Match       ~~~#PERSON~Bill Fielding   ~~804-763-2245 ~~ABB GT Sales       ~~~#PERSON~Bill Foran   ~~954-435-2843 ~~Miami Heat Strength Coach    ~~954-435-2843   ~#PERSON~Bill Fredrickson   ~~630-691-4691 ~~Com-Ed   Control Area Operations    ~~~#PERSON~Donald Furman 825 N.E. Multnomah, Ste 485
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 464-5071~~(503) 275-2714 Pacificorp   Assistant Vice President 825 N.E. Multnomah, Ste 485   ~~~#PERSON~George Fitzpatrick 490 Wheeler Road, Suite 100
Hauppauge, NY~~Hauppauge~~New York~~11788 (516) 434-1414~~(516) 434-1212 AEG - Applied Energy Group, Inc.   President 490 Wheeler Road, Suite 100   ~~~#PERSON~Greg~~S.~~Ford   ~~770-270-7128~~770-270-7320 Georgia Systems Operations   Manager    ~~greg.ford@gasoc.com~#PERSON~Jack J. Fox~~Mr.~~1009 East Main St.
Brownsville, TN~~Brownsville~~TN~~38012 (901) 772-1323 ~~Southwest Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation   General Manager 1009 East Main St.   ~~~#PERSON~Jay Francis 30 S. Nevada Ave., Suite 602 
P.O. Box 1103, Mail Code 620
Colorado Springs, CO~~Colorado Springs~~CO~~80947-0620 (719) 448-8634~~(719) 448-8651 Colorado Springs Utilities   Manager of Resource Planning Electric 30 S. Nevada Ave., Suite 602 
P.O. Box 1103, Mail Code 620   ~~jfrancis@csu.org~#PERSON~Jerry~~F.~~Fudge   ~~(404) 888-1464~~(404) 888-1490 PG&E Generating   Director~~Major Accounts    jerry.fudge@gen.pge.com~#PERSON~Jerry Fohey   ~~(317) 261-8129 ~~IPL       ~~~#PERSON~Jim Farrar   ~~314-849-7778~~314-849-9713 AES Power       ~~~#PERSON~Kelly Feeney 5821 San Amaro Drive
Coral Gables, FL~~Coral Gables~~FL~~33146-0820 (305) 284-2491~~(305) 284-3838 University of Miami   Special Events Coordinator 5821 San Amaro Drive   ~~~#PERSON~Kent Fickett 7475 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD~~Bethesda~~MD~~20814 (301) 718-6860~~(301) 718-6910 U.S. Generating Company   Director Environmental & Regulatory Affairs 7475 Wisconsin Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Ted Feigenbaum 107 Selden St
Berlin, CT~~Berlin~~CT~~06037                                                                         (860) 665-5323~~(860) 665-5023 Northeast Utilities Service Company   Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer 107 Selden St   ~~~#PERSON ~Gateway Computer   ~~800-846-4208 ~~Gateway Computer       ~~~#PERSON~Chris Gressett   ~~561-417-4537 ~~Jet Turbine Services       ~~~#PERSON~Craig Gannett 2600 Century Square
1501 Fourth St
Seattle, WA~~Seattle~~WA~~98101-1688 206-628-7654~~206-628-7699 Davis Wright Tremaine   Attorney 2600 Century Square
1501 Fourth St   ~~~#PERSON~Dedra Gaskin   ~~800-231-2184 ~~United Van Ljnes       ~~~#PERSON~Dick S. George~~Mr.~~11751 South 1700 East
Sandy, UT~~Sandy~~UT~~84092 (801) 576-1655~~(801) 576-1663 ALSTOM ESCA Corporation   Western Region Sales Manager 11751 South 1700 East   ~~dsgeorge@earthlink.net~#PERSON~Elizabeth Garza P.O. Box 1088
Austin, TX~~Austin~~TX~~78767 (512) 322-6283~~(512) 322-6083 City of Austin Utilities   Manager Resource Planning & Evaluation P.O. Box 1088   ~~~#PERSON~Fred Giffels 49 Greenland Drive 
Greeville, SC~~Greeville~~SC~~29615 (864) 370-0217~~(864) 370-0215 HGP Consulting    49 Greenland Drive    ~~hgpbus@home.com~#PERSON~Graham~~M.~~Gebbie   ~~972-377-5222~~972-377-5277 General Electric Company   Corporate Area Manager~~Southwest Region    graham.gebbie@corporate.ge.com~#PERSON~Jodi Greenberg   ~~713-964-4747 ~~Nino Corporate Lodging       ~~~#PERSON~Leslie Goldman 1440 New York Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.~~Washington~~D.C.~~20005-2111 (202) 371-7700~~(202) 393-5760 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP    1440 New York Avenue, N.W.   ~~~#PERSON~L. Allan Glidewell~~Mr.~~1009 East Main St.
Brownsville, TN~~Brownsville~~TN~~38012 (901) 772-6606  (Ext. 502)~~(901) 772-1037 Southwest Tennessee Electric Membership Corporation   Operations Engineer 1009 East Main St.~~(901) 772-0821 PERSON~Michael~~S.~~Grim   ~~(918) 573-4559~~(918) 573-1530 Williams   Energy Resources Manager~~Energy Marketing & Trading  (918) 633-8346  msgrim@energy.twc.com~#PERSON~Peter Golde 721 Barton Springs Rd.
Austin, TX~~Austin~~TX~~78704 512-322-6233 ~~City of Austin Power & Light   Generation Division Joint Projects Manager 721 Barton Springs Rd.   ~~~#PERSON~Richard~~S.~~Gell   ~~(416) 592-5595~~(416) 592-6794 Ontario Power Generation   Transactions & Contracts~~Generation Resource Mgmt.  (416) 706-4346  richard.gell@ontariopowergeneration.com~#PERSON~Scott Gardner   ~~415-395-7898~~415-395-7891 AES Pacific, Inc.   Project Manager    ~~sgardner@aesc.com~#PERSON~Teresa Glaze~~Ms.~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-6371~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   Data Coordinator 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~tglaze@serc1.org~#PERSON~Tito Giron Km 112 Carretera a Iztapa
Puerto Quetzal~~Puerto Quetzal ~~Guatemala~~502-9841103 & 146~~502-9841143 Puerto Quetzal Power Corp   O & M Manager Km 112 Carretera a Iztapa
~~~#PERSON~Todd Garner 16541 Redmond Way Suite 217-C
Redmond, WA~~Redmond~~WA~~98052-4482 425-883-2562~~425-882-3549 Global Energy Development Ltd.   President 16541 Redmond Way Suite 217-C   ~~ctg13@earthlink.net~#PERSON~Tom Gregory   ~~812-882-5140~~812-886-0306 WinEnergy       ~~tomg@winenergyremc.com~#PERSON~Tony Geswein   ~~(317) 838-1149~~(317) 838-6846 Cinergy Corp.   Manager T&D Operations  ~~(317) 695-7566 (mobile)  tgeswein@cinergy.com~#PERSON~Traci Green   ~~800-238-1667 (Ext. 5114)~~972-506-6949 Cendant Mobility       ~~~#PERSON~Wendell George 515 Birch St. Suite A
Coulee Dam, WA~~Coulee Dam~~WA~~99116 (509) 633-2822~~(509) 633-1849 Colville Tribal Enterprise Corporation   President & CEO 515 Birch St. Suite A
~~~#PERSON~Alonzo Highsmith         ~~281-438-5400   ~#PERSON~Barbara Hingst Tower Building, 24th Floor 333 Piedmont Avenue
Atlanta, GA~~Atlanta~~GA~~30308 (404) 526-7220 ~~Georgia Power Company   Assistant to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tower Building, 24th Floor 333 Piedmont Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Bill Hassle P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-5887~~(915) 521-4763 El Paso Electric   Supervisor System Control P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Charles Hathaway 401 N.E. Adams St.
Camas, WA~~Camas~~WA~~98607-2133 (360) 834-8470 ~~James River Corporation   Regional Procurement Manager Camas, Wauna, Halsey Facilities 401 N.E. Adams St.   ~~~#PERSON~Del Ray Holm 2741 East 500 North
Roberts, ID~~Roberts~~ID~~83444 (208) 228-3611 ~~Idaho Commission for Pardons and Parole   DEL Ray Holm, Chairman 2741 East 500 North   ~~~#PERSON~Douglas~~E.~~Hils   ~~(513) 287-2149~~(513) 287-3812 Cinergy Corp   Manager~~Control Area Operations    ~#PERSON~Douglas Hanlon 905 NE 11th Avenue
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97208 (503) 230-3562~~503-230-4973 Bonneville Power Administration   Power Contracts 905 NE 11th Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Eileen Hedrick~~Ms.~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-6372~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   Administrative Assistant 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~ehedrick@serc1.org~#PERSON~Frederick Haddad Stanton Energy Center
P.O. Box 3193
Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL~~32802 (407) 658-6444~~(407) 244-8794 Orlando Utilities Commission   Managing Director Electric Generation Stanton Energy Center
P.O. Box 3193   ~~~#PERSON~Frederick Hill P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-4335~~(915) 521-4751 El Paso Electric   Supervisor, Resource Contracts Energy Resource and Planning P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Gary~~L.~~Hasty   ~~(901) 664-0209      (901) 661-9567 (901) 267-6672  ghasty@pd-engineers.com~#PERSON~Gary Hedrick 100 N. Stanton
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79901 (915) 543-4020~~(915) 521-4728 El Paso Electric Company   Vice President, Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer 100 N. Stanton   ~~ghedrick@whc.net~#PERSON~Jack Hunt 1700 W. Broadway
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59802 (406) 721-4433~~(406) 549-3155 Missoula Electric Cooperative   Assistant Manager 1700 W. Broadway   ~~~#PERSON~JC Hood   ~~281-695-7895 ~~Fencing       ~~~#PERSON~Jeffrey Heit P.O. Box 1078
Golden, CO~~Golden~~CO~~80402-1078 (303) 273-4690~~(303) 273-4676 Public Service Company of Colorado'   Market Trader P.O. Box 1078   ~~jheit@msp.psco.com~#PERSON~Joe Hydes   ~~503-304-3001~~503-463-6298 TLC Mortgage Keizer~~OR~~97303   ~~503-910-6401  ~#PERSON~John Harshman 855 Marsh Lane
McMinnville, OR~~McMinnville~~OR~~97128 (503) 472-6158~~(503) 472-5211 McMInnville Water Light   General Manager 855 Marsh Lane   ~~~#PERSON~John Heberling 2101 Fourth Avenue, Suite 600
Seattle, WA~~Seattle~~WA~~98121-2375 (206) 727-4418~~(206) 441-4964 R W Beck   Executive Engineer 2101 Fourth Avenue, Suite 600   ~~~#PERSON~John Horne 100 N. Stanton
El Paso, Texas~~El Paso~~Texas~~79901 (915) 543-5727~~(915) 521-4728 El Paso Electric Company   Vice President Power Generation 100 N. Stanton
~~~#PERSON~Julie Haviland   ~~713-654-0324 ~~Paine Webber       ~~julie.haviland@painewebber.com~#PERSON~Laurie Hannan 1171 Taylor Way
Tacoma, WA~~Tacoma~~WA~~98411-0007 (253) 502-8601~~(253) 502-8607 Tacoma Public Utilities   Thermal Plant Manager Steam Plant 2 1171 Taylor Way   ~~lhannan@ci.tacoma.wa.us~#PERSON~Mark Hoehne End of Fibre Way P.O. Box 639
Longview, WA~~Longview~~WA~~98632 (360) 425-1550~~(360) 425-3116 Longview Fibre Company   Assistant Vice-President End of Fibre Way P.O. Box 639   ~~~#PERSON~Marty Howard 6700 S.E. Yamhill St
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97215 (503) 256-7504~~(503) 253-0932 McCullough Research   Partner 6700 S.E. Yamhill St   ~~martyh@martyhow.win.net~#PERSON~Michael Haeflich 107 Selden St
Berlin, CT~~Berlin~~CT~~06037 (203) 665-5535~~(203) 665-5798 Northeast Utilities Service Company   Account Wholesale Marketing - Regional 107 Selden St   ~~~#PERSON~Mike Harrison Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX ~~281-807-0933~~281-807-0934 Pine Oak Builders   Owner  ~~713-724-2010  ~#PERSON~Nathan Haskell 49 Greenland Drive 
Greenville, SC~~Greenville~~SC~~29615 (864) 370-0213~~(864) 370-0215 HGP Inc   Executive Consultant A Management/Technical 49 Greenland Drive    ~~~#PERSON~Pam Hewitt   ~~503-746-8451~~503-746-0230 Springfield PUD       ~~~#PERSON~Peter Hanson 11770 U.S. Highway One
North Palm Beach, FL~~North Palm Beach~~FL~~33408 561-625-7711~~561-625-7602 FPL Energy, Inc.   Director of Marketing 11770 U.S. Highway One   ~~peter_hanson@fpl.com~#PERSON~Rick Horne   ~~714-839-4050 ~~Power Plant Broker   Independent Broker    ~~~#PERSON~Robert Hughes 333 Piedmont Avenue
Atlanta, Georgia~~Atlanta~~Georgia~~30308 (404) 526-3777 ~~Georgia Power Company   Manager Purchased Power 333 Piedmont Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Ron Hoffman   ~~713-626-7161 ~~Diamond Hoffman       ~~~#PERSON~Scott Helyer 721 Barton Springs Road
Austin, Texas~~Austin~~Texas~~78704  512-322-6380~~  City of Austin Power & Light   Manager Transmission Planning 721 Barton Springs Road PERSON~Steve Hanner Vitol Travel Services, Inc.
1100 Louisiana, Suite 5250
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002 713-759-1444~~713-759-9006 Vitol Travel   Owner Vitol Travel Services, Inc.
1100 Louisiana, Suite 5250
~~~#PERSON~Steven Hickok 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 400
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 230-5399~~(503) 230-7333 Bonneville Power Administration   Vice President 700 NE Multnomah, Suite 400   ~~~#PERSON~Terry Henley   ~~713-939-5114~~713-939-5109 GE Supply   Automation Specialist    ~~terry.henley@supply.ge.com~#PERSON~Terry Hillyer   ~~503-926-4281~~503-926-6840 Oremet       ~~~#PERSON~Todd Hegwer 600 S. Tyler, Suite 2602
Amarillo, TX~~Amarillo~~TX~~79170 (806) 378-2945~~(806) 378-2790 N W Century Energies   Director, Bulk Power Sales   600 S. Tyler, Suite 2602   ~~~#PERSON~Tom Howard   ~~423-751-2480 ~~TVA   Transmission Project Mgmt.    ~~~#PERSON~William~~H.~~Henley   ~~(317) 261-8764~~(317) 261-5054 Indianapolis Power & Light Company   Manager~~Pricing & Cost Analysis    whenley@ipalco.com~#PERSON~Guillermo Irisarri   ~~(612) 553-2725~~(612) 553-2908 OATI       ~~www.oatiinc.com~#PERSON~P. Chrisman Iribe 7475 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD~~Bethesda~~MD~~20814 (301) 718-6820~~(301) 718-6910 U.S. Generating Company   Senior Vice President 7475 Wisconsin Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Alan Jacobson 300 Admiral Way Suite 209
Edmonds, WA~~Edmonds~~WA~~98020 425-744-9765~~425-744-2791 Jacobson International, Inc.    300 Admiral Way Suite 209   ~~~#PERSON~Barbara Johnson 1115 Pacific Avenue
P.O. Box 433
Tillamook, OR~~Tillamook~~OR~~97141 (503) 842-2535~~(503) 842-4161 Tillamook PUD   Energy Services Representative 1115 Pacific Avenue
P.O. Box 433   ~~~#PERSON~Blake James   ~~305-284-2981 ~~UM Hurricane Club       ~~~#PERSON~Bob Johnston   ~~(661) 254-8970~~(661) 254-6143 AES Placerita Cogeneration   Plant Manager    ~~bjohnston@aesc.com~#PERSON~Clifton Johnson   ~~423-751-6074 ~~TVA   TVA Interconnection    ~~~#PERSON~Gary L. Jackson~~Mr.~~1101 Market Street, MRBA
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-2593~~(423) 751-4607 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Manager - Long Term Trading, Bulk Power Trading 1101 Market Street, MRBA   ~~gljackson2@tva.gov~#PERSON~Greg Jones~~Mr.   713-654-0371 ~~Paine Webber       ~~~#PERSON~Lee Johnson~~ ~~2707 North Loop West
P.O. Box 1637
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77251-1637 (713) 868-7878~~(713) 868-7697 Stewart & Stevenson International, Inc.   Regional Sales Manager 2707 North Loop West
P.O. Box 1637   ~~~#PERSON~Jeffrey~~K.~~James   ~~(816) 936-8769~~(816) 743-3269 Aquila Energy   Director~~Power Marketing  (816) 896-9112  jjames@utilicorp.com~#PERSON ~Jet Dock   ~~800-JET-DOCK ~~Jet Dock       ~~~#PERSON~John Jarrius   ~~970-563-0100  Ext. 2600 ~~Carbon Energy       ~~~#PERSON~John Jones   ~~713-374-3919 ~~InterGen       ~~~#PERSON ~Jr. (Book)   ~~800-289-1186         ~#PERSON~Paul Johnson   ~~281-497-8595~~281-597-0099 Austin Group   Owner    ~~pj@austingrp.com~#PERSON~Thomas Johns 1411 East Mission
P.O. Box 3727
Spokane, WA~~Spokane~~WA~~99220-3727 (509) 482-4080~~(509) 482-4272 Washington Water Power   Power Marketing Executive Electric Wholesale Marketing Group 1411 East Mission
P.O. Box 3727   ~~~#PERSON~Tolk John   ~~806-359-2405 ~~New Century Energies       ~~~#PERSON~Allen Koleff 1979 Lakeside Parkway Suite 300
Tucker, GA~~Tucker~~GA~~30084 (770) 621-6704~~(770) 621-6733 Stone Container Corporation   Vice President Environmental, Process, and Energy Technology 1979 Lakeside Parkway Suite 300   ~~~#PERSON~Bob Kelly   ~~408-995-5115~~408-995-0505 Calpine       ~~bobk@calpine.com~#PERSON~Donald Kelly 1100 Louisiana, Suite 1700
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002 713-403-7407 (7408) ~~Kelpetro, Inc.   President 1100 Louisiana, Suite 1700 ~~281-723-5754  ~#PERSON~Frederic Klein 107 Selden St
Berlin, CT~~Berlin~~CT~~06037 (203) 665-5481~~(203) 665-5504 Northeast Utilities Service Company   Assistant General Counsel 107 Selden St   ~~~#PERSON~Gary Kettner 215 Nichols Boulevard  
Colorado Springs, CO~~Colorado Springs~~CO~~80947-1324 (719) 668-4093~~(719) 668-3990 Colorado Springs Utilities   Generation Engineering Manage Electric 215 Nichols Boulevard     ~~~#PERSON~Gregory Kelly 75 Fourteenth Street Suite 2400
Atlanta, GA~~Atlanta~~GA~~30309 (404) 888-3706~~(404) 888-3707 U.S. Generating Company   Director, Marketing & Project Development, Southeast 75 Fourteenth Street Suite 2400   ~~~#PERSON~James Keller City Administration Bldg.
500 Klamath Avenue
Klamath Falls, OR~~Klamath Falls~~OR~~97601 (503) 883-5316 ~~City of Klamath Falls   City Manager City Administration Bldg.
500 Klamath Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~John King 50 West San Fernando Street
San Jose, CA~~San Jose~~CA~~95113 (408) 995-5115~~(408) 995-0505 Calpine   Vice President - Business Development 50 West San Fernando Street   ~~johnk@calpine.com~#PERSON~John Klauberg 125 West 55TH Street
New York, NY~~New York~~NY~~10019-5389 (212) 424-8125~~(212) 424-8500 LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae    125 West 55TH Street   ~~~#PERSON~Joseph Kertis 1 Butler Bridge Road
Toledo, OR~~Toledo~~OR~~97391 (541) 336-8207~~(541) 336-8214 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Vice President - Toledo Operations Toledo Pulp & Paper Operations 1 Butler Bridge Road   ~~jwker tis@gapac.com~#PERSON~Kinch Kato   ~~305-284-4809 ~~UM Hurricane Club       ~~~#PERSON~Michael~~A.~~Kroft   ~~607-762-4010~~607-762-4002 New York State Electric & Gas Corporation   Manager    ~~~#PERSON~Michael~~H.~~Knapp   ~~(614) 223-3430~~(614) 220-4775 AEP (American Electric Power)   Manager~~Transmission Security    michael_h_knapp@aep.com~#PERSON~Patrick Kearney I Butler Bridge Road P.O. Box 580
Toledo, OR~~Toledo~~OR~~97391 (541) 336-8223~~(541) 336-2859 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Assistant Purchasing Manager Toledo Pulp & Paper Operations I Butler Bridge Road P.O. Box 580   ~~~#PERSON~Robert Kinsley Box 101113
Denver, CO~~Denver~~CO~~80250 (303) 755-3462 ~~Iron Carbide    Box 101113   ~~~#PERSON~Roger Kuhlman   ~~503-362-3601~~503-371-2956 Salem Electric       ~~~#PERSON~Sanford D. Katine 400 West Summit Hill Drive
Knoxville, TN~~Knoxville~~TN~~37902-1499 (423) 632-7033~~(423) 632-3195 Tennessee Valley Authority   Attorney 400 West Summit Hill Drive   ~~~#PERSON~Stacey Kusters Suite 1400 666 Burrard Street
Vancouver, BC~~Vancouver~~BC~~V6C 2X8~~Canada~~(604) 891-5005~~(604) 891-5056 Powerex   Power Marketer Suite 1400 666 Burrard Street   ~~stacey.kusters@bchydro.bc.ca~#PERSON~Terry Knapton 515 Birch St., Suite A
Coulee Dam, WA~~Coulee Dam~~WA~~99116 (509) 633-2822~~(509) 633-3474 Colville Tribal Enterprise Corporation   Vice President & CFO 515 Birch St., Suite A   ~~~#PERSON~Thomas~~J.~~Kraynak   ~~330-580-8004~~330-456-3648 ECAR (East Central Area Reliability Coordination Agreement)   Manager~~Operations and Resources    tomk@ecar.org~#
PERSON~Tom Kisla 1979 Lakeside Parkway Suite 300
Tucker, GA~~Tucker~~GA~~30084 770-621-6714~~(404) 621-6733 Stone Container Corporation   Manager Energy Source Planning and Development 1979 Lakeside Parkway Suite 300   ~~~#PERSON~Tracy Kendra   ~~1-800-527-6673 ~~Xenox Corp.   Relocation Agent    ~~~#PERSON~William Kohl P.O. Drawer D
Missoula, Montana~~Missoula~~Montana~~59806 (406) 626-4451 ~~Stone Container Corporation   Manager of Engineering & Maintenance P.O. Drawer D   ~~~#PERSON~Yukinori (Joe) Kodaira   ~~(813) 3588-7342~~(813) 3588-9348 Tomen Corporation       ~~kodaira@tokyo4.tomen.co.jp~#PERSON~Rick Lugar 64001 Columbia River Hwy.
P.O. Box 1193
St. Helens, OR~~St. Helens~~OR~~97051-8193 (503) 366-3250~~(503) 397-5215 Columbia River PUD   Finance & Customer Services Mgr. 64001 Columbia River Hwy.
P.O. Box 1193   ~~rick_l@crpud.org~#PERSON~Clifford J. Lentz~~Mr.~~11120 NE 33rd Place
Bellevue, WA~~Bellevue~~WA~~98004 (425) 822-6800~~(425) 889-1807 ALSTOM ESCA CORPORATION   Manager - Legal Affairs and Administration 11120 NE 33rd Place   ~~cliff.lentz@alstom.esca.com~#PERSON~Dan Loewen 1411 East Mission
P.O. Box 3727
Spokane, WA~~Spokane~~WA~~99220-3727 (509) 482-4383~~(509) 482-4272 Washington Water Power   Wholesale Marketing 1411 East Mission
P.O. Box 3727   ~~~#PERSON~Dave Larkin   ~~509-377-4201 ~~WPPSS       ~~~#PERSON~David Lisenbee P.O. Box 865
Cabot, AR~~Cabot~~AR~~72023 (501) 843-9570 ~~Utility Analysts, Inc.   Vice President P.O. Box 865   ~~~#PERSON~Ed Lewis 11011 Richmond Avenue - 4th Floor
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77042 (713) 783-5147~~(713) 266-9306 Industrial Information Resources, Inc.   President/CEO 11011 Richmond Avenue - 4th Floor   ~~~#PERSON~Gregory~~F.~~LaFlame   ~~330-252-1483~~330-252-1493 FirstEnergy   Director~~Wholesale    laflameg@firstenergycorp.com~#PERSON~Harry Lamb 311 N Indian River Dr
Fort Pierce, FL~~Fort Pierce~~FL~~34954 407-464-5792 ~~Fort Pierce Utilities Authority    311 N Indian River Dr   ~~~#PERSON~Jere LaPlatney 362 Injun  Hollow Road
Raymond, WA~~Raymond~~WA~~98577 360-942-2411~~(360) 875-9388 Public Utility District No. 2 of Pacific County   General Manager P.O. Box 472   ~~~#PERSON~Ernie Martinez   ~~915-543-2062 ~~El Paso Electric       ~~~#PERSON~Fred Mitchell 2431 E. Highway 101
P.O. Box 1090
Port Angeles, WA~~Port Angeles~~WA~~98362 (360) 452-9771 Ext. 235~~(360) 452-9338 PUD #1 of Clallam County   Rates and Resources Manager 2431 E. Highway 101
P.O. Box 1090   ~~~#PERSON~Gary Marcus 1580 Valley River Drive, Suite 290
Eugene, OR~~Eugene~~OR~~97401-2148 (541) 683-5200~~(541) 484-1716 Frontier Technology. Inc.   President 1580 Valley River Drive, Suite 290   ~~~#PERSON~Jack McDonald Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX ~~713-937-8555~~713-937-8104 Lakes on Eldridge   Sales Rep    ~~~#PERSON~James Mordah 333 E. Barioni Blvd. P.O. Box 937
Imperial, CA~~Imperial~~CA~~92251 (760) 339-0571~~(760) 339-0525 Imperial Irrigation District   Superintendent General 333 E. Barioni Blvd. P.O. Box 937 PERSON~Jim Maughn~~Mr. ~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-6361~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   Administrative Manager 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~jmaughn@serc1.org~#PERSON~John Malowney   ~~503-464-2270 ~~ECT West       ~~~#PERSON~John Mantyh   ~~561-625-7730~~561-625-7604 FPL    ~~954-563-1637   ~#PERSON~John Mckinley P.O. Box 919
Irving, TX~~Irving~~TX~~75063 972-550-2103~~972-550-2112 Westinghouse Electric    North America Sales Area Manager 6210 North Beltline Road, Ste 150
~~~#PERSON~Carter Sherlin P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-5960 ~~El Paso Electric   Manager Relay and Communications Department P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Chris Stammen   ~~513-243-0515~~513-243-8357 General Electric Company   Energy Manager    ~~chris.stammen@gepex.ge.com~#PERSON~Christine  Smith~~Ms.~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-6407~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   Receptionist/Secretary 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~csmith@serc1.org~#PERSON~Christopher Schofield 7475 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD~~Bethesda~~MD~~20814 (301) 718-6934~~(301) 718-6906 U.S. Generating Company   Associate, Finance 7475 Wisconsin Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Clarence Schwab   ~~(212) 969-7832~~(212) 969-7802 Wasserstein Perella & Co., Inc.       ~~clarence_schwab@wasserella.com~#PERSON~Claston Sunanon P.O. Box 3193
Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL~~32802 (407) 384-4005~~(407) 384-4067 Orlando Utilities Commision   Director - Power Marketing P.O. Box 3193   ~~csunanon@ouc.com~#PERSON~C. E. Smith P.O. Box 105605 (30348) 133 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, GA~~Atlanta~~GA~~30303 (404) 652-4387~~(404) 584-1466 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Senior Utility Systems Engineer Engineering & Technology Department P.O. Box 105605 (30348) 133 Peachtree Street, N.E.   ~~~#PERSON~Dave & Peggy Sonsol   ~~281-351-2240      281-356-2190   ~#PERSON~David Smallwood 1390 Enclave Parkway
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77077-2099 281-584-1408~~281-584-2725 Sysco Corporation   Vice President Multi-Unit Sales 1390 Enclave Parkway   ~~~#PERSON~Donald Schwendiman 18000 International Blvd., # 900
Seatac, WA~~Seatac~~WA~~98188-4283 (206) 248-4133~~(206) 248-4117 Rayonier   Regional Counsel Northwest 18000 International Blvd., # 900   ~~~#PERSON~Donald Swinhart 2720 Sumner Ave
Aberdeen, WA~~Aberdeen~~WA~~98520-0109 (360) 532-4220  ~~(360) 532-6085 Grays Harbor PUD   Assistant General Manager 2720 Sumner Ave   ~~~#PERSON~Dr. Sharma   ~~281-338-6509         ~#PERSON~Elizabeth Sager   ~~713-853-6349 ~~ECT   Sr. Counsel~~Legal 713-864-4023 713-854-5747  esager2@ect.enron.com~#PERSON~Gary Saleba   ~~206-451-8015~~206-451-8096 EES       ~~~#PERSON~Gregory Snyder 4400 Alafaya Trail MC540
Orlando, FL~~Orlando~~FL~~32826-2399 (407) 281-5430~~(407) 281-2116 Westinghouse Power Generation   Regional Sales Manager 4400 Alafaya Trail MC540   ~~snydergj@notes.westinghouse.com~#
PERSON~Harold Smith New Albany, MS~~New Albany~~MS ~~601-534-1041~~601-534-0864 New Albany Light   General Manager    ~~~#PERSON~Ilya Slutsker   ~~(612) 553-2725~~(612) 553-2908 OATI       ~~ilya.slutsker@oatiinc.com~#PERSON~Jack W. Simmons~~Mr.~~750 Republic Centre
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37450 (423) 266-1885~~(423) 266-4589 Infinergy    750 Republic Centre~~(423) 886-5218 (423) 718-9292  infinergy@earthlink.net~#PERSON~Jamie Sims 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 600
Portland, OR~~Portland~~OR~~97232 (503) 813-5542~~(503) 813-5536 Pacificorp    825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 600   ~~jamie.sims@pacificorp.com~#PERSON~Jeff Smith     Corn Ferry   Headhunter    ~~~#PERSON~Joe Soto   ~~713-626-0040      281-252-0322   ~#PERSON~Joe Steponovich   ~~561-625-7510 ~~FPL    ~~954-462-1449   ~#PERSON~John Simpson International Place II
6400 Poplar Avenue
Memphis, TN~~Memphis~~TN~~38197 901-763-6260~~901-763-7273 International Paper   Manager Energy Purchases International Place II
6400 Poplar Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~John Spicer   ~~713-210-5073 ~~Enserch-TU Electric       ~~~#PERSON~John Springer 5200 Hollister
Houston, Texas~~Houston~~Texas~~77040 (713) 895-3001~~(713) 895-3002 Biehl & Co, Inc    5200 Hollister   ~~~#PERSON~John Stinebaugh   ~~212-325-0604 ~~First Boston    ~~203-637-3714   ~#PERSON~Larry Stevenson Seattle-Tacoma International Airport P.O. Box 68727
Seattle, WA~~Seattle~~WA~~98168-0727~~U.S~~(206) 431-4052~~(206) 431-4902 Port of Seattle   General Manager Maintenance Aviation Facilities & Maintenance Seattle-Tacoma International Airport P.O. Box 68727   ~~~#PERSON~Lee Schuster One Progress Plaza/33701 P.O. Box 33042
St. Petersburg, FL~~St. Petersburg~~FL~~33733 (813) 824-6506~~(813) 824-6448 Florida Progress Corporation   Senior Planning Analyst One Progress Plaza/33701 P.O. Box 33042   ~~~#PERSON~Lori Spence   ~~(317) 838-2301 ~~Cinergy   Senior Counsel    ~~~#PERSON~Mary Sasaki I Butler Bridge Road P.O. Box 580
Toledo, OR~~Toledo~~OR~~97391 (541) 336-8202~~(541) 336-8214 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Communications Manager Toledo Pulp & Paper Operations I Butler Bridge Road P.O. Box 580   ~~~#PERSON~Michael K. Schneider~~Mr.~~11120 NE 33rd Place
Bellevue, WA~~Bellevue~~WA~~98004 (425) 822-6800~~(425) 889-1700 ALSTOM ESCA CORPORATION   Project Engineer 11120 NE 33rd Place   ~~michael.schneider@alstom.esca.com~#PERSON~Michael Schnitzer 950 Winter St.
Waltham, MA~~Waltham~~MA~~02154 (617) 487-2609~~(617) 487-2649 The Northbridge Group   Director 950 Winter St.   ~~~#PERSON~M. Richard Smith 7475 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD~~Bethesda~~MD~~20814 (301) 718-6930~~(301) 718-6910 U.S. Generating Company   Vice President, Corporate Development 7475 Wisconsin Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Nicholas Schaefer Post Office Box 271
Port Angeles, WA~~Port Angeles~~WA~~98362 (206) 452-0603~~(206) 452-9004 Daishowa America    Plant Controller Post Office Box 271   ~~~#PERSON~Nick Shafer   ~~360-452-0603 ~~Daishowa America   Controller    ~~~#PERSON~Pedro Serrano P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-2045~~915-521-4751 EL Paso Electric   Assistant Vice President Energy Resource & Planning P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Peggy Sato 528 Cottage Street  NE
Suite 1-B
Salem, OR~~Salem~~OR~~97301 503-378-1576~~503-371-9462 Georgia-Pacific Corporation   Regional Manager Government Affairs 528 Cottage Street  NE
Suite 1-B
~~~#PERSON~Ralph Sanders   ~~530-254-6161 ~~OEC (NEPCO)       ~~~#PERSON~Richard Shortz 444 South Flower Street 
Los Angeles, CA~~Los Angeles~~CA~~90071 (213) 689-2727~~(213) 689-2999 Rogers & Wells   Attorney at Law 444 South Flower Street    ~~~#PERSON~Rick Schaal   ~~(425) 487-4498~~(425) 487-4501 Alstom ESCA     ~~(425) 785-7199  rick.schaal@alstom.esca.com~#PERSON~Rob Seren   ~~312-394-3134 ~~Com-Ed       ~~Robert.L.Seren@ucm.com~#PERSON~Robert  Sherick Department of Water and Power
111 North Hope St, Rm 1148 
Los Angeles, CA~~Los Angeles~~CA~~90051-0100 818-771-6555~~(818) 771-6606 City of Los Angeles   Wholesale Energy Trading Department of Water and Power
111 North Hope St, Rm 1148    ~~rshed@ladwp.com~#PERSON~Rolando Sanz-Guerrero   ~~(941) 499-6533~~(941) 499-8393 Lakeland Electric   Manager  ~~(941) 602-5797  rsanz@city.lakeland.net~#PERSON~Scott Spettel 500 East 4th Avenue Post Office Box 10148
Eugene, Oregon 97440, -~~Eugene, Oregon 97440~~-~~2148 (541) 341-8564~~(541) 341-1889 EWEB   Power Management & Planning Manager 500 East 4th Avenue Post Office Box 10148   ~~scott.spettel@eweb.eugene.or.us~#PERSON~Sid B. Sutherland~~Mr.~~P.O. Box 1206
Brentwood, TN~~Brentwood~~TN~~37204-8473 (615) 309-8480~~(615) 309-8473 Enter Software, Inc.   Director of Sales & Marketing P.O. Box 1206   ~~sid@enter.com~#PERSON~Steve Schnieder   ~~305-662-1600~~305-667-9801 Grenwich Title       ~~~#PERSON~Steve Strecker   ~~360-414-3470 ~~Weyerhauser       ~~~#PERSON~Susan Shair   ~~281-752-6060~~281-752-8175 Inside Dimensions (EVANS)       ~~sshair@insidedimensions.com~#PERSON~Ted Sorenson 5203 South llth East
Idaho Falls, ID~~Idaho Falls~~ID~~83404 (208) 522-8069~~(208) 522-8223 Sorenson Engineering Consulting Engineers    5203 South llth East   ~~~#PERSON~Thomas Steinberg 667 Madison Ave., 7TH Floor
New York, NY~~New York~~NY~~10021-8087 (212) 521-2805~~(212) 521-2540    Tisch Family Interests President 667 Madison Ave., 7TH Floor   ~~tom_steinberg@mindspring.com~#PERSON~Tom Soto 1315 Third St, Promenade Ste. 403
Santa Monica, CA~~Santa Monica~~CA~~90401 310-393-3703~~310-393-7012 PS Enterprises   President and CEO 1315 Third St, Promenade Ste. 403   ~~102175.3043@compuserve.com~#PERSON~Wayne Sargent 19 Midstate Drive
Auburn, MA~~Auburn~~MA~~01501  402) 691-9500~~(508) 832-5366 Tenaska Inc   General Manager 19 Midstate Drive   ~~~#PERSON~William~~A.~~Squibb   ~~(740) 289-7225~~(740) 289-7285 OVEC (Ohio Valley Electric Corporation)   System Operations Supervisor    ~~bsquibb@ovec.com~#PERSON~Craig Talley   ~~713-201-2270 ~~Pine Oak Builders   Superintendent  ~~713-201-2270  ~#PERSON~Earl W. Tisdale~~Mr.~~1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002-7361 (713) 853-7565~~(713) 750-7088 Houston Pipe Line Co./Louisiana Resources Co.   Lead Controller, Pipeline Operations 1400 Smith Street   ~~etisdal@ect.enron.com~#PERSON~Eric Todderud 200 S.W. Market Street Suite 1750
Portland, Oregon~~Portland~~Oregon~~97201-5718 503-795-7409~~(503) 241-0950 Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe   Attorney 200 S.W. Market Street Suite 1750   ~~~#PERSON~Harry~~L.~~Terhune   ~~(630) 261-2645~~(630) 691-4222 MAIN   Security Coordinator    ~~hlt@maininc.org~#PERSON~Jim Troublefield 10002 Southwest Freeway
Houston, Texas~~Houston~~Texas~~77074 (713) 981-3300~~(713) 981-3330 Momentum ? BMW    10002 Southwest Freeway   ~~~#PERSON~Jody Terakawa 10510 Harwin Drive
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77036 (713) 778-4546~~713-778-4505 Westinghouse Electric Corporation   Sales Engineer 10510 Harwin Drive   ~~~#PERSON~John Tolk   ~~806-359-2405 ~~New Century Energies Amarillo~~TX PERSON~John Touchet   ~~281-356-2296      281-356-2296   ~#PERSON~John~~M.~~Troha~~Mr.~~12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641
Birmingham, AL~~Birmingham~~AL~~35291 (205) 257-4524~~(205) 257-0408 Southeastern Electric Reliability Council (SERC)   OC Staff Engineer 12N-8250
600 N. 18th Street
P.O. Box 2641   ~~jtroha@serc1.org~#PERSON~John Twitchell 16313 N. Dale Mabry Highway
Tampa, FL~~Tampa~~FL~~33688-2000 (813) 963-0994 ~~Seminole Electric Cooperative Inc   Director of Technical Services 16313 N. Dale Mabry Highway   ~~~#PERSON~Loretta Talley   ~~281-681-2000 (Ext. 11) ~~Lakes On Eldridge Homeowner's Association       ~~~#PERSON~Lyndon Taylor 1600 Smith, Suite 4460
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77002 (713) 655-5110~~(713) 655-5181 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom    1600 Smith, Suite 4460   ~~~#PERSON~Mark Tallman 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 625
Portland, Oregon~~Portland~~Oregon~~97232 (503) 464-5826~~(503) 275-2827 Pacificorp   Account Manager 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 625   ~~entail:mark.tallman@pacificorp.com~#PERSON~Mark Tartaglio One Westchase Center
10777 Westheimer Suite 140
Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX~~77042 (713) 735-2202~~(713) 735-2214 Westinghouse Power Generation   Regional Sales Representative One Westchase Center
10777 Westheimer Suite 140   ~~~#PERSON~Mike Trebrueggen, P.E.~~Mr.~~2983 Bellmeade Way
Longmont, CO~~Longmont~~CO~~80503 (303) 682-9366~~(303) 684-9975 Operations Training Solutions    2983 Bellmeade Way   ~~terbrueg@interserv.com~#PERSON~Monty Theiss   ~~281-541-3349       281-541-3349  ~#PERSON~Robert Titus 321 E. Fifth P.O. Box 1150
Port Angeles, WA~~Port Angeles~~WA~~98362 (206) 457-0411 Ext. 187 ~~City of Port Angeles   Director 321 E. Fifth P.O. Box 1150   ~~~#PERSON~R. Larry Taylor~~Mr.~~1101 Market Street, MR3H-C
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-3907~~(423) 751-3529 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Vice President - Bulk Power Trading 1101 Market Street, MR3H-C   ~~rltaylor@tva.gov~#PERSON~Thomas Tuschen Express Mail: One Hundred Heritage Reserve
Menomonee Falls, WI 53051
Mail: PO Box 2936 
Mail: PO Box 2936
Milwaukee, WI~~Milwaukee~~WI~~53201 (414) 359-3562~~(414) 359-3535 Strong Capital Management, Inc.   Director, Public Utilities Express Mail: One Hundred Heritage Reserve
Menomonee Falls, WI 53051
Mail: PO Box 2936 
Mail: PO Box 2936   ~~~#PERSON~Tom Tisch 667 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor
New York, NY~~New York~~NY~~10021  ~~Biomass One, LP   Limited Partner 667 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor
~~~#PERSON~William R. Tiller~~Mr.~~1101 Market Street, MR3H
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-3057~~(423) 751-3529 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Electrical Engineer System Planning 1101 Market Street, MR3H   ~~wrtiller@tva.gov~#PERSON ~United Health Care   ~~1-800-433-0153 ~~United Health Care       ~~~#PERSON ~Vitol Travel   ~~713-759-1444~~713-759-9006        ~~~#PERSON~Raymond~~L.~~Vice~~Mr.   (205) 257-6209~~(205) 257-6663 Southern Company Services   Manager Operations Engineering    ~~rlvice@southernco.com~#PERSON~Ronald Vaden City of New Smyrna Beach 
PO Box 100
New Smyrna Beach, FL~~New Smyrna Beach~~FL~~32170-0100 (904) 423-7112 ~~Utilities Commission   Supervising Engineer Power Supply and Planning Engineering Department City of New Smyrna Beach 
PO Box 100   ~~~#PERSON~Tony Vincik 311 N Indian River Dr
Fort Pierce, FL~~Fort Pierce~~FL~~34954 407-464-5792 ~~Fort Pierce Utilities Authority    311 N Indian River Dr   ~~~#PERSON~Charles Wheatley 34 Defense Street
Annapolis, Maryland~~Annapolis~~Maryland~~21401 410-266-7524~~301-261-8699 Wheatley & Ranquist   Sr. Partner 34 Defense Street   ~~~#PERSON~Conley Ward Park Place, 277 No. 6TH Street Suite 200
P.O. Box 2720 
Boise, ID~~Boise~~ID~~83701 (206) 388-1200~~(208) 388-1201 Givens Pursley & Huntley, LLP   Attorney at Law Park Place, 277 No. 6TH Street Suite 200
P.O. Box 2720    ~~~#PERSON~Dan Watkiss   ~~202-828-5851    ~~FERC Attorney    ~~~#PERSON~Douglas Williams 3000 George Washington Way P.O. Box 968
Richland, WA~~Richland~~WA~~99352 (509) 372-5088 ~~Bonneville Power Administration   Division of Nuclear Projects Nuclear Engineer 3000 George Washington Way P.O. Box 968   ~~~#PERSON~Gailord White  P.O. Box 7000
Bryan, Texas~~Bryan~~Texas~~77805 (409) 873-2013 ~~Texas Municipal Power Agency   Manager, System Planning and Operations  P.O. Box 7000   ~~~#PERSON~Gary Weidinger 7475 Wisconsin Avenue
Bethesda, MD~~Bethesda~~MD~~20814 (301) 718-6865~~(301) 718-6910 U.S. Generating Company   Director, Engineering Services 7475 Wisconsin Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Gavin Wolfe 277 Park Avenue
New York, NewYork~~New York~~NewYork~~10172 (212) 892-7108~~(212) 892-7272 Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation   Vice President Investment Banking 277 Park Avenue   ~~~#PERSON~Greg Wolven   ~~(812) 882-5140 ~~WINEnergy   Representative    ~~~#PERSON~Hammy Ward   ~~713-654-1919  (Ext. 1131)         ~#PERSON~Jack Wong 2929 East Imperial Highway 
P.O. Box 2390, Zip 92622-2390
Brea, CA~~Brea~~CA~~92621 (714) 985-6456~~(714) 985-6396 Unocal Corporation   Project Engineer, Energy Management Power Development 2929 East Imperial Highway 
P.O. Box 2390, Zip 92622-2390   ~~~#PERSON~Jeff Webber   ~~406-258-2252 ~~Stimson Lumber       ~~~#PERSON~Joel Warren   ~~703-516-4000       703-624-0987  ~#PERSON~John Whitacre P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-5888~~915-521-4763 El Paso Electric Company   Assistant Vice President System Operations P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~John Willbois   ~~281-537-6362~~281-537-5995 DE-BU       ~~~#PERSON~John Wulf~~Mr.~~11120 NE 33rd Place
Bellevue, WA~~Bellevue~~WA~~98004 (425) 822-6800~~(425) 889-1700 ALSTOM ESCA CORPORATION   Senior Project Manager 11120 NE 33rd Place   ~~john.wulf@alstom.esca.com~#PERSON~Kurt Weinetz   ~~305-382-9000 ~~All State       ~~~#PERSON~LaVerl Womack 4080 East 600 North
Rigby, ID~~Rigby~~ID~~83442 (208) 745-8089~~(208) 745-8089 Teton Peaks Log Homes Inc.   President 4080 East 600 North   ~~~#PERSON~Lloyd Whitehurst   ~~713-853-6695 ~~HFS Mobility       ~~~#PERSON~Mike Whatley   ~~409-967-4031 ~~Whatley Construction   Bulkhead    ~~~#PERSON~Ray White   ~~713-858-2519  (Cell) ~~Mitchell Carroll Homes       ~~~#PERSON~Robert Walker 1700 W. Broadway
Missoula, MT~~Missoula~~MT~~59802 (406) 273-2644~~(406) 549-3155 Missoula Electric Cooperative   General Manager 1700 W. Broadway   ~~~#PERSON~Rodger Weaver 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 600
Portland`, OR~~Portland`~~OR~~97232-4116 503-813-5546 ~~Pacificorp   Director, Regulatory, Profitability and Administration Support Global Sales, Marketing, and Energy Trading 825 N.E. Multnomah, Suite 600   ~~rodger.weaver@pacificorp.com~#PERSON~Ron Walter 50 West San Fernando Street
San Jose, CA~~San Jose~~CA~~95113 (408) 995-5115~~(408) 995-0505 Calpine   Senior Vice President 50 West San Fernando Street   ~~ronw@calpine.com (E-MAIL)~#PERSON~Thomas Wos 550 15th St, Ste 800
Denver, CO~~Denver~~CO~~80202 (303) 571-7630~~(303) 571-7868 Utility Engineering   Business Development Executive 550 15th St, Ste 800   ~~tomw@ueplaza.com~#
PERSON~Timothy Woodbury 16313 N. Dale Mabry Highway P.O. Box 272000
Tamp&, FL~~Tamp&~~FL~~33688-2000 (813) 963-0994 ~~Seminole Electric Cooperative Incorporated   Director of Corporate Planning 16313 N. Dale Mabry Highway P.O. Box 272000   ~~~#PERSON~Tom Webster Houston, TX~~Houston~~TX ~~281-583-0910 ~~Island Pools   Owner ~~281-370-3223 713-553-4712  ~#PERSON~Wai-Ran (Warren) Wu~~Mr.~~1101 Market Street, MR1D
Chattanooga, TN~~Chattanooga~~TN~~37402-2801 (423) 751-7859~~(423) 751-7689 Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA)   Transmission Security & Services, Power Supply Engineer 1101 Market Street, MR1D   ~~wwu@tva.gov~#PERSON~Bradley~~C.~~Young   ~~(606) 748-4655~~(606) 748-4686 LG&E Energy Corp.   Manager~~Electric System Control Center    brad.young@lgeenergy.com~#PERSON~Charles Yeung   ~~713-853-0348      281-568-5928 713-907-3432  ~#PERSON~Hitoshi Yoshida 14-27, Akasaka 2 Chome
Minato-ku
Tokyo~~Tokyo 107~~Japan~~(03) 3588-7316~~(03) 3588-9348 Tomen Corporation   Manager~~Business Development Dept~~14-27, Akasaka 2 Chome
Minato-ku   ~~toshi@tkd.att.ne.jp~#PERSON~Alan Zelenka 33733 Seavey Loop Road
Eugene, OR~~Eugene~~OR~~97405-9614 541-744-7464~~541-746-0211 Emerald People'S Utility District   Resources & Energy Services Supervisor 33733 Seavey Loop Road   ~~~#PERSON~Luis Zaragoza P.O. Box 982
El Paso, TX~~El Paso~~TX~~79960 (915) 543-2017 ~~El Paso Electric   Systems Operations Energy Analyst P.O. Box 982   ~~~#PERSON~Pam Zelbst   ~~281-681-2000 (Ext. 13) ~~Lakes on Eldridge HOA       ~~pzelbst@amitx.com  
Directions:  59 to Chimney Rock, N to S. Felipe, right to St James                                                                                                               954-646-4630 & 561-625-7650                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Re: Genscape                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (Dover Room - First Floor of DoubleTree for the decision round - be there by 5:15pm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Duck & Company Lunch/Mtg. in Ebony rm 4th flr                                                                                                                                                                                                                  for South American customer-Per Carrie Robert                                                                                                                                                                                                        (your office                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Group Trip (your office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (Lavo's office) Re:Florida                                                                                                                                                
Your summary is accurate.   I appreciate you and Fred coming to Houston for the de-briefing and we look forward to extending our exclusive relationship.
Thanks.
Please handle.
Thanks.
Attached is a Word file containing a letter outlining the  contract terms and provisions for renewing our contract.  Please  review.  I will call tomorrow, 6/1/01, to see if there are changes you want  to incorporate.
Thanks,
Dan
- Atom revision 010531.doc  
Please attend.
Kevin,
After reviewing the list of NRC meetings coming up, Fred has notified me of
the two he thinks are of significance for attendance.  They are:
1. 11/30/01 - Surry 1, 2 - Discuss significance of failed piston wrist pins
& piston carrier bearings in the Number 3 Emergency Diesel Generator which
may have caused it to fail if needed to operate a long period.
HGP Comment: This may give insight on Surry 1 refueling and possible
shutdown of Surry 2 for mitigation of problem.  This will also impact other
plants with the same EDGs.
2. 12/12/01 - Ginna - Discuss status of RG&E evaluation regarding
circumferential cracking of the reactor vessel head penetration nozzles.
HGP Comment: This should provide info on whether Ginna will be required to
shutdown for inspection and additional info on other area PWRs concerning
shutdown inspection schedules.
Please let me know if you agree that we should attend. Currently we have
attended seven meetings of the eight allowed by the contract through
November.  None of the meetings for early December are of significance.  It
is highly unlikely that any significant meetings will be scheduled for late
December.  So, the above two meetings should probably be the last of
significance for the calendar year.
Dan
Enjoy your holiday.   Hopefully, we will be up and running by the New Year.
Confidential
Kevin
Thanks for getting this done. We will continue to  push even harder. Let me know if there is anything else we can do for you or  your traders. What are the Holiday Plans ?
Dan and I will both be  here Thru 12/21/01
We have e-mail from 12/22/01 to 1/1/02, do you want  us to arrange coverage ?
Thanks again 
Best of luck with your plans to re-emerge No.1  again.
Fred
Becky
I'll get back with you on this within a couple of days.   Do you want an indicative bid for 7x24 bus-bar energy (2, 5 and 10 years).   We would not bid on the entire 1000 MW - maybe 150-200 MW.
thanks for the info.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Kevin
I just got the attached e-mail returned with your new address. Let me know if this one makes it thru
Fred
Confidential
Kevin
I know you are quite busy but I wonder if you could get your lead trader to look the following forecast for NEEPOOL. This may result in you getting the lead for a large block of the power so be conservative but have enough in there so it is a win win if you know what I mean.
Have him fill in what he can. The client will be looking long 10 year, with maybe a series of 2 and 5 year deals. Should be putting out around 500 to 700 Mwe.
Do not disclose the plant eh ?
Call me at 864-370-0217 or 864-235-5607 or mobile 864-275-3193
Thanks
Fred
Any nuclear specific info?
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Confidential
Kevin
I know you would not bid the entire 1000Mwe, we are trying to come up with a proxy to assist in the bid, I am also trying to get you in with Mr.Green and the 150-200Mwe indicative would be great. I need it by Wednesday (2/13/02).
Thanks for the return e-mail.
Did you see the alert from the FBI yesterday and today ?
Fred
I'll get back with you on this within a couple of days.   Do you want an indicative bid for 7x24 bus-bar energy (2, 5 and 10 years).   We would not bid on the entire 1000 MW - maybe 150-200 MW.
thanks for the info.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com  Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Kevin
I just got the attached e-mail returned with your new address. Let me know if this one makes it thru
Fred
Confidential
Kevin
I know you are quite busy but I wonder if you could get your lead trader to look the following forecast for NEEPOOL. This may result in you getting the lead for a large block of the power so be conservative but have enough in there so it is a win win if you know what I mean.
Have him fill in what he can. The client will be looking long 10 year, with maybe a series of 2 and 5 year deals. Should be putting out around 500 to 700 Mwe.
Do not disclose the plant eh ?
Call me at 864-370-0217 or 864-235-5607 or mobile 864-275-3193
Thanks
Fred
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. This message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments.
This is crazy.   We should not be giving the fundy web data to the estate.
Lloyd and Tim H,   There is still some question about the amount and timing of fundamentals capability that will be required in the Enron Estate.  To date, our working assumption has been that all fundamentals systems (data harvesting, portals, metastock, decision support cubes, etc...) would only be operational in NetCo.  There is no IT staffing in estate to support fundamentals.
Beth Perlman told me today that Jim Fallon has indicated that we need to have IT people in estate who have the ability to bring up our fundamentals capability for the East and West Desks.
A few questions...  Do you agree?  If so, I can have our East Desk fundamentals team begin knowledge transfer to estate IT personnel.  I'll work with Beth on candidates.  Can this requirement be met for West Desk fundamentals?  If so, how would we proceed?  Who would be involved?
Thanks,  Steve
NEPOOL info from Giffels.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Kevin
I just got the attached e-mail returned with your new address. Let me know if this one makes it thru
Fred
Confidential
Kevin
I know you are quite busy but I wonder if you could get your lead trader to look the following forecast for NEEPOOL. This may result in you getting the lead for a large block of the power so be conservative but have enough in there so it is a win win if you know what I mean.
Have him fill in what he can. The client will be looking long 10 year, with maybe a series of 2 and 5 year deals. Should be putting out around 500 to 700 Mwe.
Do not disclose the plant eh ?
Call me at 864-370-0217 or 864-235-5607 or mobile 864-275-3193
Thanks
Fred
Update from Giffels.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Kevin
I had the Capacity forecast column units mislabeled Here is the revised one. If you want, just have your NEEPOOL lead type over our forecast and re-send to us. We will not let this get out of our shop, and we will get you in on a block to buy.
Thanks again
Fred
Any nuclear specific info?
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com  Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Confidential
Kevin
I know you would not bid the entire 1000Mwe, we are trying to come up with a proxy to assist in the bid, I am also trying to get you in with Mr.Green and the 150-200Mwe indicative would be great. I need it by Wednesday (2/13/02).
Thanks for the return e-mail.
Did you see the alert from the FBI yesterday and today ?
Fred
I'll get back with you on this within a couple of days.   Do you want an indicative bid for 7x24 bus-bar energy (2, 5 and 10 years).   We would not bid on the entire 1000 MW - maybe 150-200 MW.
thanks for the info.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com  Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Kevin
I just got the attached e-mail returned with your new address. Let me know if this one makes it thru
Fred
Confidential
Kevin
I know you are quite busy but I wonder if you could get your lead trader to look the following forecast for NEEPOOL. This may result in you getting the lead for a large block of the power so be conservative but have enough in there so it is a win win if you know what I mean.
Have him fill in what he can. The client will be looking long 10 year, with maybe a series of 2 and 5 year deals. Should be putting out around 500 to 700 Mwe.
Do not disclose the plant eh ?
Call me at 864-370-0217 or 864-235-5607 or mobile 864-275-3193
Thanks
Fred
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. This message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments.
Yes.
Kevin Presto 
UBS Warburg Energy 
kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Should dan attend ?
Rika,
The Callaway issue is kind of sticky.  Their condensate storage tank was clogged with debris.  They figured they may have other pumps clogged.  That's why they shut down and looked through the systems.  However, back when Cook first had its problems a few years ago, they started with debris clogging pumps.  The NRC is going to want to be sure there isn't any debris causing some backup system to be inoperable.
There is going to be a meeting on 2/27/02 at the site at which the Augmented Inspection Team will talk about the results of their inspection.  That should give an indication of restart.  Do you want me to attend?
Dan
None of the meetings
Let me know what you think
Rika,
The meetings are starting to be more substantive.  I'm listing four meetings
here along with Fred's recommendations:
Following Fred recommends attending:
1. 11/8/01  NRC staff assessment on vessel head penetration nozzle cracking.
At meeting will be Nuclear Energy Institute and several PWR licensees.  May
get insight to several plants outage plans.
2. 11/9/01  Discuss TMI steam generator severed tube discovered during
refueling.  Could provide upcoming outage plans and industry plans for steam
generator integrity.
3. 11/15/01  Management meeting with Watts Bar to discuss plant performance
and refueling outage plans.
Following Fred does not think is worth it:
1. 11/13/01  Ginna (NYPP) evaluation regarding potential for circumferential
cracking of reactor vessel head penetration nozzles.  Possible insight to
refueling plans.
I need to know soon since the first one on the list is tomorrow.
Thanks,
Dan
I run the power group.   Your question should be directed to Lavo.
Kevin--Now that UBS is buying the gas and power business do you think that the gas and power groups will need someone (like me) to handle any physical or financial liquid fuel (resid and distillate) requirements for projects or daily business opportunities?
I have done multiple trades today and I also did several last week.   Please clean up my Holdings page to net longs and shorts.   How is your office reacting to the news about UBS acquiring our energy trading operation?
thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Does Nat's organization look OK.   Looks OK to me.
contained in enclosed spreadsheet.
--jay
I just sent you the promotion justifications.   After further thought, Maria Valdez should be promoted to CS Manager, not Commercial manager.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
See changes attached with one subtraction (Joe Step) and one addition (Doug Gilbert-Smith 
Kevin -
Please see attached.  I apologize for not being able to elaborate more 
Amy
The ESCA energy management system (EMS) in an industry standard software package to provide control area services and energy accounting in compliance with NERC standards.   We used the software and hardware for remotely controlling/operating/dispatching our peaker plants and also used the software in 3rd party "outsourcing/services" deals in ERCOT and SPP.
I hope this helps.
Can you let me know what this software and hardware do? 
It is proposed that these will be transferred to the Netco.  The hardware and software were purchased by ENA or EPMI (I have been trying to obtain the answer to this question from accounting).  It is proposed that the $1.5 million outstanding payable to the vendor ESCA would remain with the estate.  Please let me know if you have a problem with this 
Angela D. Davis 
calender
Meeting to discuss the planned NetcoOnline launch schedule and to coordinate customer contact for acquiring executed Password Applications (PA's), which are required for customers to transact online.
Calender.
When: Wednesday, January 16, 2002 9:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada Where: TBD 
Fundamental's Meeting 
1. Historical Fuel Consumption and Power Generation - Mauricio Marquez 
2. 2002 Power Forecast - Gus Giron 
3. Transmission 
Steven Benchluch 
Bill Rust 
Martin Lin 
4. Current Fundamental Project Discussion 
Is this the office I selected?    Please confirm.
Here are the office locations that Louise has assigned: 
Calger  06105 
Presto  06103 
Shively 06102 
T Jae, it was decided today that legal will move over here this weekend.  Can you please arrange for Kevin's things to be boxed up so legal can move in downstairs over the weekend.
Ina, if there are any of John Arnold's personal effects left on 5 can you please have them boxed up? 
If we can hold off until next week to set the new offices up I'm sure that Darren and David would be very grateful! 
Thanks for your help! 
Tammy 
Tammy, 
Chris indicated on Friday that he has an office on this floor.  Please let me know the location so I can have his office set up at a later date.
Thanking you in advance. 
Tina Rode 
Assistant to Chris Calger 
713-853-9582 
Cell 713-419-6237 
Don't worry christi - I recognize what a great job your group did this year.   It was by far the best regulatory effort (from a power perspective) with more results than any of the previous 7 years I was at Enron.   You and your team deserve a great deal of credit and if we can keep this team together, we will reap the benefits for years to come.
While seemingly small in the scheme of things these days at Enron, on 12/14/01 EPMI did get a FERC win against MISO's proposed $1000 fee for each non-confirmed transmission service request for firm PTP of one week or longer.  FERC used our (In house written) argument almost verbatim!
Can I hire Martin Lin back into Netco from the estate.   He has provided valuable transmission & dispatch modeling expertise to our fundies group (he worked for Vince in Research).   We have lost Anna Santucci to CMS and this would not change our headcount in the fundies group.
Additionally, if I was forced to cut additional bodies, most of the cuts would likely come from real-time (3), options (2), regional trading (2), logistics (1-2).
For Martin's planning purposes, I need to know something ASAP.   Thanks.
Kevin & Lloyd,
As we re-asses the fundamental information needed by the traders, I think that it is important to actively recruit Martin Lin to the power fundamentals group.=20
Martin Lin has developed and continuously improved the current short term and long-term Interconnect and Ercot models as well as played an important part in bringing fourth advancements with Powerworld. He is the only person that has extensive and significant working familiarity with the Ercot power system.   He is of significant importance if we continue to make any changes or improvements to the current Interconnect and Ercot models.  His knowledge extends beyond the process of the flow of electricity and the transmission of power to include the ability to program in C++ and VBA.  In   to Powerworld, he has both academic and practical expertise as well as a technical understanding of the functionality of the program. He has been leading the advancements with Powerworld in order to tie in powerworld with the interconnect models as well as utilize powerworld to conduct contingencies analysis and automatic ATC calculations.   Another area of expertise is his knowledge of options.  He has worked on  options models for broadband  services.=20
If you have any questiosns in   to the impact of his continbutions, please feel free to contact myself or Steve Benchluch.=20
Thank You
Rika Imai
Joe Holmes from IdaCorp (208-318-2100) called and expressed interest in Enron's services deals in the NA, presumably in the West.
Don - can you have someone follow-up.   thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
OK.
Working on it now, please call next time you cover your own short
and we will fix it that day.  Its much easier that way.
,
David
Please cancel out the short and long KM position in the Holdings section.
thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Notice Regarding Confirmation:
Please be advised that this e-mail is not an official
transaction confirmation. The only official confirmation
of a transaction will be sent to you via regular mail.
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.
Yes, that would be fine.   I would also like to talk about my fixed annual fee.   Based on the way I trade, and the amount of asset accumulaton, I think my fee is too high.   Please call me about this issue so we can discuss.
I will call the head of online trading tomorrow
and check into it for you.  Are you open to having
someone calling you and picking your brain about
this issue and other things you have mentioned
in the past as well as other improvements.
,
David
When is your on-line system going to offer real-time quotes in a table
format like all of your competitors, particularly preferred clients?
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Notice Regarding Confirmation:
Please be advised that this e-mail is not an official
transaction confirmation. The only official confirmation
of a transaction will be sent to you via regular mail.
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.
Thanks.
Will set up a meeting asap.
We have put money in the netco fundy budget with trey hardy to complete the new lmp project.  Looks like a 45 to 60 day effort once we have money approved by netco.
The rest will not be a big effort but we will be a little slower for new requests due to a shortage of IT staff. However the majority of our process's are fairly automated.
Lloyd Will
Please begin scrubbing the 02 and 03 new gen book again given the current situation in the energy market.   I would like a new forecast in 30 days if possible.
In addition, I would like begin running the unit commitment model (dispatch) and "knock" the cob webs off everyone.   Let's plan on having a meeting to go over what the new daily reports were going to look like - wasn't Gus working on this 
What is the status of the transmission modeling?
Can we integrate the system dispatch and LMP simulation models?
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Please cancel out the short and long KM position in the Holdings section.
thanks.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Thanks Chris.   I agree with the approach.   It would be nice to handout a bound copy to all of the East and West trading/marketing desk heads for a thorough review to make sure we have not missed anything.
See you tommorow.
Guys,
I gave Louise  a"plan" which consists of trading list, transmission list, gant chart, org charts and your product descriptions.  I did not include any "strategy" or "volume targets" in the plan - my thought is we have a lot of work to do and we'll get after it.  I told her that the lists are works in process and will be modified or re-formatted since they will become our working tools for getting this stuff done.  Kevin,  I will be in Houston tomorrow if you want to review any of this.  Lists are unlikely to be perfect but they demonstrate that we have spent some time on this and we have a starting point.
,
Chris Calger
503-464-3735
Do you want me to put docs in front of Harry, Rogers, and/or Doug?
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Can we update the laminated card with the most recent headcount and phone #'s.?
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
Same as Chris.
Fine with me on the pools.  In the west we named a marketer, a cash trader and an attorney to coordinate on each transmission company.  Case by case, those three will determine the "primary point of contact" and the best way to get it done quickly 
Chris Calger
503-464-3735
After our recent Re-start meeting and the associated planning, there has been significant e-mail activity about what appears to be different points of contact into the different Pools and Transmission Providers.
I would recommend that Netco anoint a Primary Point of Contact with each Pool and Transmission Provider and that person have the resources of Legal, Govt Affairs, Commercial, Credit, etc.  The Primary Point of Contact would initiate and lead all discussions with the counterparty to expedite the agreement.
For the Pools, I think that Govt Affairs should be the Primary Point of Contact.
ISO-NE 	=	Christi Nicolay
NY-ISO		=	Christi Nicolay
PJM		=	Jim Steffes
ERCOT		=	Charles Yeung
MISO		=	Sarah Novosel
SPP		=	Christi Nicolay
CAISO		=	Alan Comnes (although Steve Hall is already working on this and should not be displaced).
For the individual Transmission Providers, I think that the Real-Time Desk/Logistics should be the Primary Point of Contact.
Does anyone see any issues with this proposal?  I am concerned that Netco may be taking multiple positions with the same provider and that could lead to delay.
Thanks.
I concur with Jim on approach with one clarification.   Transmission providers discussions should include both a trading rep and marketing rep.
After our recent Re-start meeting and the associated planning, there has been significant e-mail activity about what appears to be different points of contact into the different Pools and Transmission Providers.
I would recommend that Netco anoint a Primary Point of Contact with each Pool and Transmission Provider and that person have the resources of Legal, Govt Affairs, Commercial, Credit, etc.  The Primary Point of Contact would initiate and lead all discussions with the counterparty to expedite the agreement.
For the Pools, I think that Govt Affairs should be the Primary Point of Contact.
ISO-NE 	=	Christi Nicolay
NY-ISO		=	Christi Nicolay
PJM		=	Jim Steffes
ERCOT		=	Charles Yeung
MISO		=	Sarah Novosel
SPP		=	Christi Nicolay
CAISO		=	Alan Comnes (although Steve Hall is already working on this and should not be displaced).
For the individual Transmission Providers, I think that the Real-Time Desk/Logistics should be the Primary Point of Contact.
Does anyone see any issues with this proposal?  I am concerned that Netco may be taking multiple positions with the same provider and that could lead to delay.
Thanks.
shapiro is a lazier version of Steffes.
But what about Shapiro
Christi Nicolay and Sarah Novosel are the two best regulatory people.   In terms of pushing the timing, political clout is going to be more important which in the past would have come from Kean and Lay.   Obviously, that will not work anymore.   I have a good relationship with Larcamp (FERC head of Staff) and might be able to help with the politics.   I think FERC is going to want to hear directly from  the new owner.   If we want speed, I recommend we use the expertise of Christi and Sarah combined with the overall political clout of the new owner.
You are not off base with Steffes at all.
I've never been a big fan of Shapiro, however, I wonder if he could help with the speed of the regulatory process.  Steffes seems to talk more than act.  Am I way off base.
My issues with Rick have never been related to competence but were based on costs of his unit.
Christi Nicolay and Sarah Novosel are the two best regulatory people.   In terms of pushing the timing, political clout is going to be more important which in the past would have come from Kean and Lay.   Obviously, that will not work anymore.   I have a good relationship with Larcamp (FERC head of Staff) and might be able to help with the politics.   I think FERC is going to want to hear directly from  the new owner.   If we want speed, I recommend we use the expertise of Christi and Sarah combined with the overall political clout of the new owner.
You are not off base with Steffes at all.
I've never been a big fan of Shapiro, however, I wonder if he could help with the speed of the regulatory process.  Steffes seems to talk more than act.  Am I way off base.
My issues with Rick have never been related to competence but were based on costs of his unit.
Please print and save file for me.
Attached is my trading agreement file.  We are close on the transmission agreement list (i'll forward when comlete).  I asked Tim to add something to the product list.  I am indifferent as to form of template.  Steffes/Niccolai submitted a reg/gov affairs plan to Louise.  I am also putting together a Gant Chart that shows timeline for the various tasks.
Chris Calger 
503-464-3735 
Whoever has the latest aggregated Implementation Template, please forward copy (copies) to TJ so I can review the consolidated lists for:
Regulatory 
Trading Agreements 
Transmission Service Agreements 
EOL Products 
TJ - Please follow-up to make sure I get the latest version.   Thanks. 
Kevin Presto 
East Power Trading 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Cell:  713-854-3923 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
Please save and print for me.
Chris Calger 
503-464-3735 
Whoever has the latest aggregated Implementation Template, please forward copy (copies) to TJ so I can review the consolidated lists for:
Regulatory
Trading Agreements
Transmission Service Agreements
EOL Products
TJ - Please follow-up to make sure I get the latest version.   Thanks.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
I want to make sure we get the hardware and software (I agree that this is already the property of ENA) into Netco like we have the rest of the software/hardware critical to the trading organization.   The payable is sunk and should be left with the estate.
See the below.  Do you still want to transfer the hardware and software?  Also, I would assume that Netco would assume the $1.5 million payable.  Should the memberships be assigned, if assignable?
Angela D. Davis
I have been told that all control area agreements have lapsed and are no longer in effect.  Per David Portz, there are still in existence memberships with regional authorities (you pay dues and you get to vote) which he says will lapse when the regional authorities determine that Enron no longer controls any load.  Also, there are items of software and hardware used by Enron-SE Corp., which would be transferred to Netco.  I do not think that the hardware and software is owned by Enron-SE, since purportedly the only asset showing on the books of Enron-SE is a receivable of $1,218 from ENA.  The software and hardware was purchased from ESCA and $1.5 million is still owed.  David Portz thought that EPMI or ENA actually purchased the hardware and software (and I think probably still owns it).  I am attempting to ascertain ownership from accounting.  Based on these facts, it does not appear that there is any great benefit to the estate in keeping the hardware and software.  Further, the outstanding payable of $1.5 could be transferred to Netco.
Angela D. Davis
All East Traders will have East only trading rights except for me.    With respect to regions, assume the same organization as we ended with in early November.   The one change is Rogers in the SE along with Suarez, and Carson.
MW - Fletch, Russell, and Jason
SE - Rogers, Suarez, Carson
ERCOT - Doug, King, Schiavone, Saibi
NE - Dana, Benson, Gupta, Broderick, Thomas (off-peak), Misra, Rogers, Makkai, Step, Schneider
Options - Arora, Stalford, Wang, Gualy
Real-Time - Forney (ERCOT), Baughman (MW/SE), Miguel (MW/SE)
Remember, all of the desk heads will have gas trading authority as well.   None of the prompt month cash traders will be trading gas.
Kevin,
In an attempt to begin the setup of trading books and desks for Netco, we will need a list of desk assignments (i.e. which trader will be trading which region) and the regional organization (i.e. Northeast, Midwest, etc.) of such desks.  Also, will East traders be trading only east delivery points?
Thanks!
Casey
Reagan, Bill, Larry, and I got together to put together a draft business plan that can be applied to the Southeast and Midwest regions.  The schedule is probably aggressive, depending on when we get a power marketing license.  The plan is short on back end details until the eventual buyer is known, and until we know VAR, capital, etc.
Mitch
kmpresto@hotmail.com
Kevin,
I am having no luck sending this to you to your hotmail account  
Mike McAuliffe
Kevin,
Thanks for the return call today. Jess Hewitt returned a call I put into him this morning telling me that you would be the person I should talk to. I am the VP of Sales for Genscape, www.genscape.com There are other methods of receiving this information currently, but none of them are as fast and as accurate as the Genscape data, as we have set up proprietary monitors outside of the right of way on over 130 coal and nuke plants (primarily) nationwide and involuntarily capture their output data every minute or so, thus we can alert traders to plant outages or plants coming on or off line in real time.
I would like to discuss Genscape with you at your convenience, or if there is someone else inside UBS Enron to talk to please let me know who that person is. I can be reached at 502 583 4315. Thank you and I look forward to speaking with you.
,
Mike McAuliffe
VP Sales and Marketing
Genscape, Inc
502 583 4315
mikemc@genscape.com  
Do you already have this list.   Please send all templates to Chris Calger, Elizabeth Sager, and Mitch Robinson.
thanks.
Alan and Kevin -- The transmission agreement list attached can be used to prioritize or assign commercial people to transmission/pool agreements.  It is not correct on the timing under the pools, so don't rely on that column.
Please incorporate Dana's changes into the Master.
Here are my additions 
Yes.
Did you want me to hold of approving remote access until NETCO is up and going?
This request has been pending your approval for  3 days.  Please click   to review and act upon this request.
Request ID          : 000000000080120
Request Create Date : 1/2/02 8:03:08 AM
Requested For       : joe.stepenovitch@
Resource Name       : eConnect - VPN  Tier 2 - Full Access
Resource Type       : Applications
Please print a copy of each for me.
Please take a minute to review the attached update on our activities and assumptions in Wholesale Power Trading and Risk Systems.  As you might expect, most of our focus is on establishing independent NetCo and Estate operating environments.
The second attachment is simply an FYI.  It represents our current systems inventory (apps, hardware, developer software, etc...) for NetCo and Estate.
Glad to discuss 
Steve 
Attached are Dana's additions.
Here are my additions  
Maybe.   If we truly believe this is a credit starved industry with huge liquidity problems, then we should be able to dictate the terms for dealing with a AA entity........ end of story.
We should send this message early and often.   If we don't, the market will percieve that negotiating "one-off" terms for trading docs is acceptable.   I disagree with this approach from a long term philosophical standpoint.   We either believe our bullshit or we don't.
that's fine.  that's how eol worked.  it is a take it or leave it gtc from what i understand.  if people take it and we limit them to shorter term deals we should be fine.
FYI - trumped already. 
Kevin, 
I was talking with Louise this afternoon and she said that she does not want us to put full master agreements online, but rather that we should proceed with streamlined GTC's in order to ensure that we are able to do as much business as possible without being delayed by negotiation of lengthy contracts.
This does not mean that we cannot ultimately get everyone onto a standardised long-form Master Agreement. EnronOnline is set up so that a negotiated Master Agreement will supercede the GTC.
Dave 
Please get final version to Tammie by COB tommorow.
thanks.
Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.
Thanks 
Cc:     Lavorato, John 
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with   to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.
The main areas to focus on over the next week are 
(i)     Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)                               To be forwarded to Louise         These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible 
The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002 (ii)    Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)                                                To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) 
(iii)   Seating Plans                                                           Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate 
We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.
I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.
(iv)    Due Diligence 
We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.
I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.
Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.
If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out. 
Happy New Year 
Louise 
Please send this attachment to the same list I just provided.
thanks.
Alan and Kevin -- The transmission agreement list attached can be used to prioritize or assign commercial people to transmission/pool agreements.  It is not correct on the timing under the pools, so don't rely on that column.
FYI - trumped already.
Kevin,
I was talking with Louise this afternoon and she said that she does not want us to put full master agreements online, but rather that we should proceed with streamlined GTC's in order to ensure that we are able to do as much business as possible without being delayed by negotiation of lengthy contracts.
This does not mean that we cannot ultimately get everyone onto a standardised long-form Master Agreement. EnronOnline is set up so that a negotiated Master Agreement will supercede the GTC.
Dave
Attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning.   I have added the additional columns everyone requested.   I would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial Power Implementation Plan that can be delivered to Louise on Friday.
With respect to East Power (I am out Thursday and Friday), I am delegating to all of my desk heads the responsibility the following:
1) Have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete
2) A product offering sheet is added to the template.
Fletch & Dana - Please take the lead on creating the product offering list (physical and financial).  My recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions (financial and physical).   Obviously, the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license.
Cory and Don Baughman - Please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the East (Christi has started a list already).
Please call me on my cell (713-856-3923) with any questions.
Kevin Presto
Vice President, East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Andy can trade all regions and all commodities (just like a desk head).    He is replacing Harry.
Should we request the LT-Option book to be attached to Andy Zipper?  Any other books needed for him?  Will he be allowed to trade all regions?
Thanks,
Stacey
FYI.
Stephanie and Susan -- This remains a priority.  Please e-mail those persons identified above when a termination letter comes in from any of the below-listed East Power counterparties, and give a copy of the letter received to one of the listed power trading attorneys for immediate review.  Following a meeting this afternoon we will have a moire fully defined procedure and distribution list of names for communicating regarding the listed counterparties.  I will visit with you this morning so that we work out any questions you may have about this.  Thanks. --David
Stephanie -- Please keep watch for termination letters coming in from any of these counterparties and make me aware immediately of anything received --also Elizabeth Sager, Marcus, Harlan and Leslie.  We may be resuming the scheduling of power with these counterparties but will not do so with a party that has terminated its enabling agreement(s) with EPMI.  Thanks.
Restore Service List     21 Dec. 01
AES New Energy
Alcoa Power Geenerating
Ameren  [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-18-01 
BECO (Boston Electric)
Cargill Alliant LLC
Central Maine
Citizens Communications Co 
CP&L (Carolina Power & Light)
DTE Energy Trading
Entergy Services
First Energy Solutions [Portz, David]   terminated effective 1-1-02 by letter dated 12-21-01 
Green Mountain Power Corp.
GPU Service
HQ Energy Services (Hydro Quebec) [Portz, David]    terminated effective 1-1-02 by letter dated 12-18-01 
IP&L (Indiana Power & Light)
LG&E (LG&E Energy Marketing)
Minnesota Power & Light
NIMO (Niagara Mohawk Energy
NSTAR Electric )
OG&E (OGE Energy Resources)
Select Energy 
Southern Illinois
Split Rock Energy
Taunton Municipal Light
TXU Energy Trading
UI (United Illuminating [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-21-01 
VEPCO (Virginia Electric Power Co.)
Wisconsin Electric 
Attached is a list of the EPMI terminations.  The 12-20 list may contain additional EPMI counterparties that have not yet been added to the Master List.
Stephanie and Susan -- This remains a priority.  Please e-mail those persons identified above when a termination letter comes in from any of the below-listed East Power counterparties, and give a copy of the letter received to one of the listed power trading attorneys for immediate review.  Following a meeting this afternoon we will have a moire fully defined procedure and distribution list of names for communicating regarding the listed counterparties.  I will visit with you this morning so that we work out any questions you may have about this.  Thanks. --David
Stephanie -- Please keep watch for termination letters coming in from any of these counterparties and make me aware immediately of anything received --also Elizabeth Sager, Marcus, Harlan and Leslie.  We may be resuming the scheduling of power with these counterparties but will not do so with a party that has terminated its enabling agreement(s) with EPMI.  Thanks.
Restore Service List     21 Dec. 01
AES New Energy
Alcoa Power Geenerating
Ameren  [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-18-01 
BECO (Boston Electric)
Cargill Alliant LLC
Central Maine
Citizens Communications Co 
CP&L (Carolina Power & Light)
DTE Energy Trading
Entergy Services
First Energy Solutions [Portz, David]   terminated effective 1-1-02 by letter dated 12-21-01 
Green Mountain Power Corp.
GPU Service
HQ Energy Services (Hydro Quebec) [Portz, David]    terminated effective 1-1-02 by letter dated 12-18-01 
IP&L (Indiana Power & Light)
LG&E (LG&E Energy Marketing)
Minnesota Power & Light
NIMO (Niagara Mohawk Energy
NSTAR Electric )
OG&E (OGE Energy Resources)
Select Energy 
Southern Illinois
Split Rock Energy
Taunton Municipal Light
TXU Energy Trading
UI (United Illuminating [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-21-01 
VEPCO (Virginia Electric Power Co.)
Wisconsin Electric 
Attached is a list of the EPMI terminations.  The 12-20 list may contain additional EPMI counterparties that have not yet been added to the Master List.
Attached are the 2002 preliminary plan expenses that were submitted.  To compose these plan numbers we used run rates derived from Sept 2000 YTD numbers.  The numbers that we calculated were numbers that could generally be derived from headcount.  We now have an opportunity to adjust for any expenses that you feel need to be included.  I will be bringing packets when we meet.
Thanks
Trey Hardy
5-7172
See Attachment
- POWER TRADING START.doc 
Please put on my calender and remind everyone on Wednesday.
Thanks.
Kevin Presto is requesting that you attend a meeting regarding Organizing an Action Plan for the Start-up of Netco 
The meeting will be held in ECS 06716 at 9:30 am, Wednesday, January 2, 2002. 
For Tim and Chris, could you please call 713-584-2067.  This is the telephone number in the conference room. 
If you should have any questions, please call T Jae Black at 3-5800. 
Thanks 
Kim 
The same attachment was sent again in case you had trouble opening the previous file.   I am sending from home via the network and have been having some problems.   Sorry to e-mail you to death.
See Attachment
- POWER TRADING START.doc  
The attached document should complement the documents sent earlier by Chris Calger.   Hopefully, the combination of the two will provide some organization and focus at our 9:30 am meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the "NETCO" Start-up initiatives.
Please keep Rogers contact info for his vacation.
Thanks.
Everyone- 
I will be out of town until Friday (will be in office Friday mid-morning) and then we will be in Belize from the 6th to the 13th 
We will be staying at: 
VICTORIA HOUSE RESORT 
P.O. Box 22 
Ambergris Caye, Belize 
Central America 
Tel: 501-262067 
Fax: 501-262429 
The best way to reach me is probably via my home e-mail (drherndon@aol.com) I will be checking this via internet cafe at least twice a day.  Feel free to call the hotel and leave a message as well.  I will try to check my enron e-mail if i can from Belize.
Have a great New Year and see you briefly on Friday the 4th. 
RH 
I believe Wabash has also terminated.
Don,
As you know, we had a meeting like this the week prior to Christmas and had an accurate list at that time.   Our group can do nothing about delays between actual termination notification by the counterparty and communication to trading that termination has occurred.   I think the meeting is warranted, however, we are not going to completely eliminate the timing issues.
I will see you on Wednesday at 2:00 pm.
We need to meet on Wednesday, the 2nd, at 2:00 pm (in the big conference on the sixth floor in ECS) to go back through the East Power contracts that we will continue to serve either through the pools or under bilateral deals.  Given the drill we went through today in preparing for the January schedules in PJM and NEPOOL, it became apparent we need to get all the team members on the same page and make sure we have a good system for notifying all relevant parties of terminations, changes, etc.
Bill/Ed - Can you please run the most recent DPR for non-terminated East Power contracts. 
Casey and Stacey - will you please update the spreadsheet that you ran for Kevin last week. 
Let's make sure we all agree on contracts that have been terminated.  As most of you probably have seen, a number of terminations have been received in the past several days (see below).
United Illuminating - effective January 1, 2002 
HQ Energy Services - effective January 1, 2002 
First Energy Solutions - effective January 2, 2002 
Old Dominion - effective January 10, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 10th of January (do we have any other positions with Old Dominion).
Ameren Energy 
GPU Energy - effective January 21, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 21st of January (they may push back, but we should remind them that they will be subject to LDs).
Thanks, 
Don 
3-0492 
See note below.   Upon confirmation from Portz, please remove Wabash from the non-termination counterparty list.
Kevin/Gerald: 
Elizabeth Sager indicated that Wabash has given appropriate termination notice on all transactions associated with the EEI. I will confirm with David Portz to make sure their termination notice covers any one off contracts in the event they exist.
David: 
Are there any one off contracts and does the Wabash termination notice cover if there are? Please advise. 
Did you submit my expenses from the CT trip?
In anticipation of the imminent closing of the UBSW Energy transaction, please have all outstanding employee expenses in your possession filed through Enron's XMS system as soon as possible.   Note to approvers - please approve these expense reports quickly.   Enron will process and pay all pre-closing expenses.   After transaction closing,  payments  for expenses submitted before closing (and put into Enron's XMS system) will be sent to your last known address or direct deposited into your account.
Enron has committed to processing and paying any expenses incurred prior to transaction closing.   If not completed this week, pre-closing expenses should be submitted on a  hard copy expense report form which will be available at  www.enron.com. 
There will be a series of e-mails coming out over the next few days highlighting the Travel & Entertainment policies of UBSW Energy and the procedures for processing and payment 
If you have any questions, please contact Hope Vargas (3-5280) or Georganne Hodges (3-0430).
Obviously, we will not deliver (or receive if we are long) if the transaction would result in negative cash flow for the estate on a "net counterparty" basis.   Therefore, FE and TXU obligations would not be met for the 1st week of January because they result in negative cash flow.
Cory,
Please make sure going forward that we only include positive cash flow counterparties in the weekly projections.   Please exclude the TXU and FE positions from  the net position report as well.   We will likely begin filling the non-pool positions starting next Wednesday.
Jason - Please send to Cory (I was unable to from home)
Kevin, 
Please take a look at the attached spreadsheet.  I have updated to back-out TXU and FE, both of which are negative.  Is TXU an obligation to purchase power?  If you get a minute, let's chat about this.
Don 
Don,
This looks good.   You have my blessing to proceed with approval from the cash committee.   You can reach me at home (713-856-7483) if you have any additional questions.
Thanks.
Kevin, 
I updated to include total without Ameren and Wabash.  It obviously get more compelling. 
175k/yr.   Wow - you get em.
Looks like you pissed him off.  I guess he doesn't understand the how these confirms are governed. IDIOT
Thanks - that's what I needed to know.  I'm still not sure if it is a two-way termination (yes I know the difference) because there's no language that indicates we'd be paid if we're in the money in a termination.  There is a provision that allows us to cease delivery "by reason of ... significant change in operating condition"; if we don't deliver, there's an LD calculation, which if positive, we have to pay.  There doesn't appear to be any language that causes WEPCo to pay us if we don't deliver and we're in the money.  (Hence my question to David) Otherwise, the only way to terminate is with one year's advance written notice - there are no Event of Default provisions and remedies, such as for bankruptcy. (Which I'm assuming you know since you're familiar with the contract).  What I didn't know was your longer term view of the market - this obviously matters in evaluating their offer if the contract is one way and we are unhedged.  In any event, for now they can either pay us the $1.2 million or we'll plan on delivering in January.  I'll call them onWed and let you know so we can schedule delivery is necessary.=20
=20
Wisconsin's offer is a joke.  =20
=20
Carl - This is is clearly a two-way termination or they would have no offer at all (I'm assuming you understand the difference).   We can buy Cal-02 Com-Ed under $30/Mwh all day long.   This is a position we will deliver on to preserve the in-the money value.   I would make it clear to Wisconsin that we intend on delivering in January and every single month thereafter because it creates positive cash flow for the estate.   We also have broker quotes that show the market is 28 at 29 for Cal 02.   I would accept nothing less  than $1.2 million.
=20
Thanks.
This contract is for 50Mw peak into COMED, Seller's Daily Choice, Cal '02 @ $34.75/MWh.  Our MTM is $1,244,412; their offer is $663,000.  It appears to be a one-way contract, but it's hard to tell given the brevity of the contract.  David - what happens if we don't serve the load - do we get nothing?  We need to decide if we want to begin serving the load and negotiate a better price - they want to have done by 12/28. =20
=20
Carl Tricoli
Cell:  713 826-1439
Carl,=20
Attached is Wisconsin Electric's proposal for closing out the purchase Wisconsin Electric made from Enron for 2002.  As I mentioned to you earlier, Wisconsin Electric is looking to finalize any agreement by December 28th.
If you have any questions, you can contact me at (414) 221-4350 through the close of business today (December 21st).=20
The appropriate person to contact the week of December 23rd is Mr. Don Splinter at (414) 221-4650.=20
Sincerely,=20
Jeff Klarer=20
Power Trader=20
Wisconsin's offer is a joke  
Carl - This is is clearly a two-way termination or they would have no offer at all (I'm assuming you understand the difference).   We can buy Cal-02 Com-Ed under $30/Mwh all day long.   This is a position we will deliver on to preserve the in-the money value.   I would make it clear to Wisconsin that we intend on delivering in January and every single month thereafter because it creates positive cash flow for the estate.   We also have broker quotes that show the market is 28 at 29 for Cal 02.   I would accept nothing less  than $1.2 million.
Thanks.
This contract is for 50Mw peak into COMED, Seller's Daily Choice, Cal '02 @ $34.75/MWh.  Our MTM is $1,244,412; their offer is $663,000.  It appears to be a one-way contract, but it's hard to tell given the brevity of the contract.  David - what happens if we don't serve the load - do we get nothing?  We need to decide if we want to begin serving the load and negotiate a better price - they want to have done by 12/28  
Carl Tricoli
Cell:  713 826-1439
Carl, 
Attached is Wisconsin Electric's proposal for closing out the purchase Wisconsin Electric made from Enron for 2002.  As I mentioned to you earlier, Wisconsin Electric is looking to finalize any agreement by December 28th.
If you have any questions, you can contact me at (414) 221-4350 through the close of business today (December 21st 
The appropriate person to contact the week of December 23rd is Mr. Don Splinter at (414) 221-4650. 
Sincerely, 
Jeff Klarer 
Power Trader 
Olgethorpe has officially terminated as of Dec. 20, 2001.   Please see attached.
- Enron-Oates letter.doc 
Please send me a summary.
Thanks.
Smell of victory?
See attached
I cancelled this over 4 months ago.   Someone might have assumed by terminal.
Kevin,
We are in the process of cancelling a majority of the Bloombergs at Enron.  Our records show that you have a system that has not
been logged into since November 7.  Could you please let me know if it is okay to cancel this?
Thanks!
Julie
Kevin,
Thank you for the christmas card and gift...you and Evelyn have been great to me and Shelby.  I am very glad to have you and your family in my life  
Hope your holiday is a good one.
See you soon,
Tjae
You are very welcome.   You have been a fantastic asst for me and could not have achieved what we have as a group without you. 
Thanks again for all of your hard work and have a Very Happy Holidays!
Kevin,
Thank you for the christmas card and gift...you and Evelyn have been great to me and Shelby.  I am very glad to have you and your family in my life  
Hope your holiday is a good one.
See you soon,
Tjae
We are not to discuss credit issues with any counterparties.
Just spoke to one of their traders.  Their credit is (as are all of our counterparties) conducting a credit review.  As of this morning, they are not putting on any trading restrictions with us.  They have discussed implementing a netting agreement, but we have responded that we will not, especially without updating the current enabling agreement with a EEI (which they are opposed to).
Keep you posted.
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Did this meeting get confirmed?
Yes, 11:00 am will work.  I will confirm with TJ.  Thanks for you help.
Can he come over to our trading floor around 11:00 am?   I can give him a
quick tour and then give him a macro overview of the NA energy markets.
Please confirm via e-mail and directly with my asst. (TJ Black at
713-853-5800).
Thanks.
Russell would like for you to meet with him for an informational
interview. An in person meeting would be preferable,
but whatever is available with your schedule is fine.  My understanding
is that he is not formally looking for a job
yet, but trying to get a feel for different types of positions available
within the energy industry. Erik is the son of
one of Russell's clients and will graduate from school in May.  I will
try to get more color from Russell and forward it
to you.
Sent: Monday, February 04, 2002 4:18 PM
Subject: RE: meeting with Erik Fabrikant
What do you need from me?   Do you want me to meet with him?  talk to
him
on the phone?   go to lunch?    is he looking for a job?    As you can
see,
I don't have much information of the objective here.
Sent:   Monday, February 04, 2002 3:43 PM
Subject:  meeting with Erik Fabrikant
Kevin,
It looks like Tuesday morning will work best for Erik.  I am supposed
to
meet with him at 9:00 am Tuesday morning, but
am flexible if that time works for you.  Just let me know what time
is
ideal and I will schedule it with Erik.
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
See you Monday.
Kevin,
I stopped by but I just missed you.  I will be in early Monday morning (to hopefully alleviate your work load).  Let me know if you want me to manage the stack first thing in the morning or if you want to transition it during the day. 
I realize things feel like shit right now (we sued Microsoft for breach of the contract) but we will turn this ship around. 
Hang in there 
See you Monday.
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager 
email: john.suarez@
We need to do what the contract says.   No one knows what the real intent was.
I don't think I am going to giv an inch on this one.  Edith confirmed that the fixed basis we applied in the contract implies that we used peak only.  If they want a split then we need to increase the fixed basis.
RH
The deal structure was initially all on peak, but migrated to 55/45 on/off peak.  That was the split at which the desk wanted all of these deals structured.  This was the intent of the deal at contract signing.  The contract does not reflect this intent adequately.  This has been known and discussed for some time - almost 2 years.  But, reorgs and departures have apparently left it unfixed all this time.  The last I knew John Wack was working to fix this over a year ago.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Scott -
Edith and the group are working on OC contract review-rebooking.  We have a serious question about intent vs. what is explicitly stated in the contract.  As I understand it, you might have been the deal lead on this one.  Just want your honest opinion on this one and we will proceed based on that.  Let me know if you have a chance to discuss with us as we are waiting on this determination before we move forward with customer discussions.
Thanks,
Rogers
I would not pay alot for this given the transmission issue.   The best place for park and lend is JEA.
Kevin,
New Smyrna is open to a Park/Lend arrangement.  I'm looking into transmission availability to and from New Smyrna currently.  They are interconnected with FPL and FPC.  Any interest in this location for a parking deal?
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
I would have interest if you package together 50-100 MW of these small units to create a more liquid block of power.
A few more details on this.  This is a 15MW QF on the FPC system.  They are offering 7x24 energy, 3 yrs. beginning 4/1/02.  The facility is near Tallahassee, but on the FPC system.  He said he would guaranty 80% availability off the unit.  The best bid he has on the table currently is $29.  When I run 80% availability on the model, your MID is $29.18 ($31.98 MID for Firm LD--for comparison).
Any interest in this product 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Jeff Shorter (your counterpart at TXU) just called me to inform me they will not be trading with Enron until further notice.   They are evalutating their net exposure with us, including London.
His number is 214-875-9632.
Just Morgan Stanley requiring tighter credit terms so far.
Kevin -
FYI.  Yesterday am ConEd abruptly cancelled the meeting we had with them to discuss this strategy.  They had been anxious to discuss this concept.  My guess is that the recent events led them to back off a little 
Any new developments up there re: trading partners?
RH 
As of 11:15 am, East Power has sold approx. 600-700 gas contracts and bought approx. 3 million Mwh's.
We can't make a daily capacity market in the current environment.
Kevin 
In the Dynegy v. ComEd complaint, Dynegy states:
"Dynegy typically only sells capacity on an annual or seasonal basis for $1MM to $2 MM per 50 MW.  Dynegy does not typically sell capacity on a daily basis."
Enron's argument against Dynegy will be that the FERC network transmission agreement does not give Dynegy a right to "capacity payments."  Aside from that, maybe Enron can make a daily capacity market, since Dynegy clearly isn't making one.  (And in the meantime, we of course continue to try killing "icap")
No need to copy trading.
Thanks.
Kevin,
Iris Mack is planning to run an hour-long session on Mon, Nov. 5 (1:00-2:00) providing an "Introduction to Options". If successful, this will be followed up with further Monday sessions going into more detail and complexity.
I am planning to send an email out shortly to Origination encouraging people to attend. Would you like me to include Trading in the email?  Or would you like me to forward the text to you for forwarding to trading?
Dave
Please proceed with Stacey on taking the prudency you are comfortable with.   Stacey will have to get approval from Louise and/or Lavo.
Thanks.
Kevin,
The actual numbers are $2.9 for LCRA and 2.09 for Green Mountain. The LCRA number was for the transmission spread to Austin and can be released as we have Sandhill and the transmission market is no longer set up as it was in Sept 2000. On the Green Mountain side, $950 K is for scalar risk which may be high, $1 MM for ancillaries and $150 for the QSE exposure I underwrote for the services desk.
I feel comfortable releasing the LCRA and a portion of the Green Mountain scalar and a/s reserves. We have some idea of the a/s risk now but I need to keep some of that in reserve. Obviously the QSE part I need to keep.
Let me know,
Doug
I won't be in until about 9:30 because I have to get my drug  test done.
Is this for the entire group or just the desk heads?
Please arrange a room for an East Power Mtg at 10:00 am this morning.
Agenda:
UBS Warburg Energy Closing/Implementation 
Organization/Roles 
On-line products (which products and when) 
Power documents (EEI and ISDA)
Let's go tonight.  I have a staff mtg. at 4:00 pm and we can go after that.
Does this work for you?
Tomorrow night could work - doing an analyst and associate recruiting dinner on Thurs.  Let me know.
Probably Wayne Herndon.   We need to lock him down ASAP.   You and I need to have a beer this week to discuss ENE in general and what you want to do next.
Also,  I am concerned that Narsimha may have someone from the outside trying to recruit him.  I am pressing him on the contract and he is telling me everything's ok - lawyer reviewing, etc.  I am going to give him another day or so and then just call him on it.  I think there is better money out there, even in this market and do not want to lose him.  Honestly, Joe, Juan and Narsimha are the only commodity guys I can count on to do what is right - amazing.  You may want to ask Narsimha about the contract if you see him.
Rogers
I agree with this approach and I'm fine with this allocation.   My objective is to get everything as accurate as possible so the proper price signal is being sent to retail and wholesale origination.   I caught the scalar issue when we were looking at 4 hour tolls vs. 8 hour tolls vs. 16 hour and I could tell there was a disconnect.
thanks.
I think it is appropriate to instruct Risk to put the charges associated with the PJM scalar in the Change Deal Bucket as this was out of the Retail Commodity Group's control.  I am trying to hold these guys accountable for positions, p/l and such and I think this is the only way to fairly account for results that they could affect vs. someone else's error/mismark.  Let me know if you think this is appropriate.
I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.
Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right.
FYI.
Here are the significant (non market related) curve changes that have effected our P&L in the last week...and also a working issue related with curve management.
PJM East Hub: 
Summary : Hourly Scalars for East hub were changed, resulting in a ($2.3 million) loss.
Reasons : Rob Benson had changed the West hub scalars a few months ago and those scalar changes never got transfered over to the East Hub curves. When the curve management function was moved from excel into the Enpower Curve Management system all the curves derived as a basis off West Hub curves started using the West Hub Scalars. 
Entergy Back End:
Summary : Yesterday, Entergy 05 and beyond curves moved down in the range of $0.50/MWh to $1.65/MWh resulting in a loss of approximately $2.3million (held back because Mike Carson is fixing the curves today)
NY Curves:
Summary : The onpeak and offpeak curves for NY Zones A, G and J require a thorough clean up especially with   to the issues that are stated below. The P&L is still to be determined because curves have not been changed.
On Peak
1.  J-G Spread is marked over G-A Spread starting in Year 2009.
2.  J-A Spread blows up year on year, starting in Year 2005.
Offpeak
1.  Zone-G is marked above Zone-J half of the time;  occuring mostly in Q1, Q4 and Aug.
2.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-J every July in 2003-2006.  With the exception of 2002, for the month of July, Zone-A is marginally marked below Zone-J.
3.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-G for every July from 2003 to 2018 and Dec 2003.
4.  Zone-A, for every year, MarApr is over MayJun by a significant amount.
Probably Wayne Herndon.   We need to lock him down ASAP.   You and I need to have a beer this week to discuss ENE in general and what you want to do next.
Also,  I am concerned that Narsimha may have someone from the outside trying to recruit him.  I am pressing him on the contract and he is telling me everything's ok - lawyer reviewing, etc.  I am going to give him another day or so and then just call him on it.  I think there is better money out there, even in this market and do not want to lose him.  Honestly, Joe, Juan and Narsimha are the only commodity guys I can count on to do what is right - amazing.  You may want to ask Narsimha about the contract if you see him.
Rogers
I agree with this approach and I'm fine with this allocation.   My objective is to get everything as accurate as possible so the proper price signal is being sent to retail and wholesale origination.   I caught the scalar issue when we were looking at 4 hour tolls vs. 8 hour tolls vs. 16 hour and I could tell there was a disconnect.
thanks.
I think it is appropriate to instruct Risk to put the charges associated with the PJM scalar in the Change Deal Bucket as this was out of the Retail Commodity Group's control.  I am trying to hold these guys accountable for positions, p/l and such and I think this is the only way to fairly account for results that they could affect vs. someone else's error/mismark.  Let me know if you think this is appropriate.
I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.
Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right.
FYI.
Here are the significant (non market related) curve changes that have effected our P&L in the last week...and also a working issue related with curve management.
PJM East Hub: 
Summary : Hourly Scalars for East hub were changed, resulting in a ($2.3 million) loss.
Reasons : Rob Benson had changed the West hub scalars a few months ago and those scalar changes never got transfered over to the East Hub curves. When the curve management function was moved from excel into the Enpower Curve Management system all the curves derived as a basis off West Hub curves started using the West Hub Scalars. 
Entergy Back End:
Summary : Yesterday, Entergy 05 and beyond curves moved down in the range of $0.50/MWh to $1.65/MWh resulting in a loss of approximately $2.3million (held back because Mike Carson is fixing the curves today)
NY Curves:
Summary : The onpeak and offpeak curves for NY Zones A, G and J require a thorough clean up especially with   to the issues that are stated below. The P&L is still to be determined because curves have not been changed.
On Peak
1.  J-G Spread is marked over G-A Spread starting in Year 2009.
2.  J-A Spread blows up year on year, starting in Year 2005.
Offpeak
1.  Zone-G is marked above Zone-J half of the time;  occuring mostly in Q1, Q4 and Aug.
2.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-J every July in 2003-2006.  With the exception of 2002, for the month of July, Zone-A is marginally marked below Zone-J.
3.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-G for every July from 2003 to 2018 and Dec 2003.
4.  Zone-A, for every year, MarApr is over MayJun by a significant amount.
Are we making sure everything is done on our end to liquidate and manage the EES retail positions effective 1/1/02.
I assume we are doing everything necessary to insure that we will have all of our customers switched for 1/1/02.  If anyone knows any different then please speak up now.  In all seriousness, we cannot accept mistakes or slip-ups on this one.  The pilot transfers appear to have been much more difficult than I would have anticipated.
Does everyone have the info they need?
Who is communicating with the ISO?
DO we have all of the data we need for the customers?
What are the deadlines for notification?
Does this group feel we need to get together to discuss any open issues?
Please let me know if anyone feels uncomfortable with our getting there.
Thanks,
Rogers
Changes from last week in red.
Retail load
About 18 MW peak, 17 MW off-peak. 
October 4th - First account was switched. 
By November 6th - Remaining accounts will be switched
Issue - Some Lockheed Martin accounts that aren't in the batch.
Issue - Trying to get positions correctly reflected in positions report - Jeff Jackson
Issue - Data we are getting from RPS is incorrect.
Interface with EWS Wholesale
To date - Met with EPMI and discussed management (when will position be transferred? how? at what price?) of retail position. Tom May to discuss with Rogers. 
Issue - How will we pass through intrazonal congestion costs? This isn't an issue for the pilot, but will be an issue on 1/1/2002.
Intramonth book development
November 1 - Expect to have volume management/reporting capability. 
November 1 - Expect to have MTM calculations
???- Expect to have all other reporting capabilities functioning. Will meet with Richard Bird this week to develop a new timeline.
Working with CSC to develop a method to obtain actual customer usage on a timely basis.
Load forecasting
Issue - There is a significant difference (at least in % terms) between the Packaged Ice position per the positions report and Frazier's forecast. Appears the majority of this difference is due to some Packaged Ice accounts being booked more than once.
Issue - Forecasting by zone (vs. at the account level) may lead to inaccuracies in P&L reporting.
?	Customer switching process
Jeff Merola to determine roles and responsibilities
?	Site profile
Site profile desk has processed the pilot program deals. 
Met with the desk to discuss the other (non-pilot program) deals that we expect to switch 1/1/202. 
Thanks, 
Preston Ochsner
Commodity Risk Management
Enron Wholesale Services
713-345-3341
I agree with this approach and I'm fine with this allocation.   My objective is to get everything as accurate as possible so the proper price signal is being sent to retail and wholesale origination.   I caught the scalar issue when we were looking at 4 hour tolls vs. 8 hour tolls vs. 16 hour and I could tell there was a disconnect.
thanks.
I think it is appropriate to instruct Risk to put the charges associated with the PJM scalar in the Change Deal Bucket as this was out of the Retail Commodity Group's control.  I am trying to hold these guys accountable for positions, p/l and such and I think this is the only way to fairly account for results that they could affect vs. someone else's error/mismark.  Let me know if you think this is appropriate.
I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.
Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right.
FYI.
Here are the significant (non market related) curve changes that have effected our P&L in the last week...and also a working issue related with curve management.
PJM East Hub: 
Summary : Hourly Scalars for East hub were changed, resulting in a ($2.3 million) loss.
Reasons : Rob Benson had changed the West hub scalars a few months ago and those scalar changes never got transfered over to the East Hub curves. When the curve management function was moved from excel into the Enpower Curve Management system all the curves derived as a basis off West Hub curves started using the West Hub Scalars. 
Entergy Back End:
Summary : Yesterday, Entergy 05 and beyond curves moved down in the range of $0.50/MWh to $1.65/MWh resulting in a loss of approximately $2.3million (held back because Mike Carson is fixing the curves today)
NY Curves:
Summary : The onpeak and offpeak curves for NY Zones A, G and J require a thorough clean up especially with   to the issues that are stated below. The P&L is still to be determined because curves have not been changed.
On Peak
1.  J-G Spread is marked over G-A Spread starting in Year 2009.
2.  J-A Spread blows up year on year, starting in Year 2005.
Offpeak
1.  Zone-G is marked above Zone-J half of the time;  occuring mostly in Q1, Q4 and Aug.
2.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-J every July in 2003-2006.  With the exception of 2002, for the month of July, Zone-A is marginally marked below Zone-J.
3.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-G for every July from 2003 to 2018 and Dec 2003.
4.  Zone-A, for every year, MarApr is over MayJun by a significant amount.
I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.
Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right.
FYI.
Here are the significant (non market related) curve changes that have effected our P&L in the last week...and also a working issue related with curve management.
PJM East Hub: 
Summary : Hourly Scalars for East hub were changed, resulting in a ($2.3 million) loss.
Reasons : Rob Benson had changed the West hub scalars a few months ago and those scalar changes never got transfered over to the East Hub curves. When the curve management function was moved from excel into the Enpower Curve Management system all the curves derived as a basis off West Hub curves started using the West Hub Scalars. 
Entergy Back End:
Summary : Yesterday, Entergy 05 and beyond curves moved down in the range of $0.50/MWh to $1.65/MWh resulting in a loss of approximately $2.3million (held back because Mike Carson is fixing the curves today)
NY Curves:
Summary : The onpeak and offpeak curves for NY Zones A, G and J require a thorough clean up especially with   to the issues that are stated below. The P&L is still to be determined because curves have not been changed.
On Peak
1.  J-G Spread is marked over G-A Spread starting in Year 2009.
2.  J-A Spread blows up year on year, starting in Year 2005.
Offpeak
1.  Zone-G is marked above Zone-J half of the time;  occuring mostly in Q1, Q4 and Aug.
2.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-J every July in 2003-2006.  With the exception of 2002, for the month of July, Zone-A is marginally marked below Zone-J.
3.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-G for every July from 2003 to 2018 and Dec 2003.
4.  Zone-A, for every year, MarApr is over MayJun by a significant amount.
Do you know this guy?
Interconnection Engineers (Midwest location or work remote)
Will interface directly with transmission marketing. Perform interconnection studies for new generation.
Analyze capacity and various impacts to transmission system and make recommendations.
Strong backround with PSSE and MUST.
Transmission Planning Engineers (midwest location or work remote)
Assess transmission system adequacy via load flow and power flow studies. Will be responsible for  fault level, reliability and distribution studies for power delivery and distribution. Make recommendations including budgets.
Will be using PSSE and MUST.
Security Coordinator  (midwest location)
Monitor lines and load flows.
analyze capacity, planned flow and actual flow.
Identify overload risk areas and manage cogestion on the system.
Prefer someoone who is NERC certified. Will work in a system control center.
Please call or e-mail to discuss $$, your qualifications and potential availability. Please forward this e-mail to any colleagues who may benefit.
,
Kirk Connick
Technology Staffing Resources
847-541-1020
847-459-9143 fax
www.technologystaffing.com
- KIRK.vcf 
We have some serious issues.   Downgrade, collateral called, liquidity crisis, issue more equity.   I can see $12 pretty easy.
I think both Lay and Fastow are gone.
yeah, don't know if they will really want an ene rep on the panel.  i really expected a fastow resignation - maybe tomorrow.  looks to me like a merger is on the order.
rh
No problem.   The only problem right now is ENE's stock price.   Wow - you get em.
Kevin -
I was requested by Prof Webb to participate in an Energy Panel Discussion at UVA and have agreed.  Some of our competitors will be there and this will hopefully further our recruiting efforts.  Please let me know if you have a problem with this.
Thanks,
Rogers
Mr. Herndon:
As promised earlier, here's a copy of the energy program.  We look forward
to having Enron participate in this program.  If you have any questions,
please contact Elizabeth Harvard at 434-924-4123 or Bob Webb at
434-924-7570.
Kathleen Alderson
Center Coordinator
McIntire School of Commerce
Phone: 434-924-7010
Fax:  434-982-3073
E-mail: kja5y@virginia.edu
- Agenda-Panelists.doc  
No problem.   The only problem right now is ENE's stock price.   Wow - you get em.
Kevin -
I was requested by Prof Webb to participate in an Energy Panel Discussion at UVA and have agreed.  Some of our competitors will be there and this will hopefully further our recruiting efforts.  Please let me know if you have a problem with this.
Thanks,
Rogers
Mr. Herndon:
As promised earlier, here's a copy of the energy program.  We look forward
to having Enron participate in this program.  If you have any questions,
please contact Elizabeth Harvard at 434-924-4123 or Bob Webb at
434-924-7570.
Kathleen Alderson
Center Coordinator
McIntire School of Commerce
Phone: 434-924-7010
Fax:  434-982-3073
E-mail: kja5y@virginia.edu
- Agenda-Panelists.doc  
Probably Andy Fastow.   His personal hurdle rate is 29%
Kevin -
Do you know who in ENE runs a group that manages distressed debt?  A good friend of mine from Bank of America called and had heard we have a group that does this and he wants to ask them to play ball.  Any ideas?
RH
I want to make sure the info is protected and if legal and regulatory are comfortable, then I am.
Kevin,
I spoke with the lawyer representing Entergy, and he indicated that their intention is to provide redacted bid information to the PUC under a protective order.  Excluded from their submittal will be any identifying information about each of the bidders. Their lawyer said that Enron's bid sheet (without identifying info) and contract comments (with no identifying info) would be submitted. Obviously, pricing info will be included.  In order to acquire the filed information, someone must qualify as a "Party" and must agree to be bound by the terms of the protective order.  Heather tells me Christi Nicolay was looking into the definition of "Party".  I do not know if our competitors could qualify as Parties, but if they do, then common sense tells me that we should, too. At this point we should assume that they will get the redacted information.
Seems like Entergy is doing what they can to protect the info, and our only choice I can think of would be to withdraw our bid.  Heather tells me we want to go forward.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Kay
The whole group.    Please type the short agenda I have prepared.
Thanks.
Is this for the entire group or just the desk heads?
Please arrange a room for an East Power Mtg at 10:00 am this morning.
Agenda:
UBS Warburg Energy Closing/Implementation 
Organization/Roles 
On-line products (which products and when) 
Power documents (EEI and ISDA)
I will show him a 50 MW block.
Kevin,
Any interest if offering an odd block of 30MW, into SOCO, 5x16, Cal'02.  Duke Energy is asking?  I told him it would be at a premium to our EOL offer for the odd block, if we would sell it at all.
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
The meeting has been moved to tommorow at 11:00 am.   We can discuss these issues before the meeting.
Kevin -
I will be in Dallas today and will miss our weekly meeting.  Dale has a very good presentation for the group.  If you would like Berney to attend on my place let him know. =20
Other issues: =20
I left Janet a voice mail y-day on LSE's and she returned it saying she wanted to discuss with me this am and that they have already allocated those LSE's to deals.  I have asked Joe to come up with all of our alternatives in order to get additional LSE's and to provide me with detailed reasons why we need them.  I don't want to make this into too big of a deal so we will assess all options. =20
Site Profile:
Vlady and Woulfie feel that they need to be able to buy/sell shaped swaps to manage their "risk".  I don't think so.  Essentially, they had proposed that they can look at all commodity deals that get executed and "keep" part of the deal for their book.  I told them that this was ludicrous.  They even indicated that they might want to just buy certain hours for certain megawatts.  My position is that 1) they do not need to trade swaps - shaped or not - to manage their portfolio as the forecast should always contain their best view of the market and outright swaps would be VAR increasing, 2) only one desk - the commodity desk - should manage shape, 3) i do not offer shaped products as a tradeable product at this time 4) they already will own/manage products that best mitigate their risks and that I would have to buy to cover - DG, Load Curtailment, DSM, etc.  Anyway, I have had several discussions with them and I think Vlady understands where I am coming from.  In case this comes up you will know my thoughts.
Load Forecasting:  I need to spend some time with Tim, Jeff, Ozzie, Vlady, Woulfe, but I really would like to see us roll Retail Load Forecasting (Mike Frazier) into ROC.  Who officially owns ROC (Lloyd 
I will be available buy cell or pager if you need me.
RH
John,
Tim and Rogers asked me to put together a presentation on URM for you and the Thursday meeting.  I'm finishing it now.  If we have time on the agenda (figure about 1/2 hour--14 slides) I'd like to do it today.  Please let me know.
Thanks,
Dale
Garret Tripp would be better able to answer your questions for the Canada nuclear facilities.   With respect to forward hedging in the US, we have never seen British Energy hedge anything.   I believe they have transition contracts with the utilities they purchased the plants from.
Kevin
I'm contacting you in the hope that you may be able to provide us with some info regarding British Energy.  I'm a trader on the UK Power Desk where BE are one of our major counterparties.  We are currently assessing what their strategy is likely to be in the UK and this depends in part on how profitable their US/Canadian assets are.  Do you have any insights on what they are up to in these markets right now - i.e how much of their output do you believe they have hedged forward and at what price ?  If BE succeed in restarting another 1600MW at Bruce is this likely to depress the market price there ? In general what do we believe the outlook to be for the US and Canadian markets.
Any info would be much appreciated !
Should you need to speak to me my phone number is +0044 207 783 6919
Many thanks
Derek
My phone interviews are complete.  Please send someone to pick up my forms.
All  
Please wrap up the phone interviews ASAP  
If you are having trouble getting a hold of anyone, please let me know so that I may try to reach them. 
Please call me if you have any questions. 
Thank you, 
Adrianne
x57302
I am interested in firm LD fixed price energy delivered at the Gannon bus-bar.   I have no appetite for unit contingent in the current market.   TECO has an entire system they can lean on.
I would consider bringing the gas, but you would have to involve Scott Neal's desk for transport and valuation becomes complicated.   With respect to volume, I would not want any more than 100 MW.
My strong preference is fixed price energy - no toll.   Volatility is getting smashed and it doesn't make sense to pay for vol in a spread option.  We are a much better bid for 5x16 or 7x24 energy 
Kevin,
As we discussed, TECO is offering up to 500MW (of a total 960MW) beginning 5/1/04 off the Gannon facility (which is being converted from coal to a gas-fired CC plant, called Bayside).  The plant is in Tampa, FL and the offering is unit-contingent 
TECO prefers to sell a toll where we bring the gas, but is open to other proposals.  I figure we can bid for any of a few structures: 1) toll where we bring the gas, 2) toll indexed to a gas hub, where TECO is respons. for gas supply, 3) fixed price call 
I think an at the money call would be the cleanest solution (avoid inefficiency's associated with the heat rate curve which varies by MW amount utilized, gas supply risk, etc 
What is your preferred structure?  How many MW would you like to show a bid for?  Structuring ran an initial valuation for a 3-year, $35 daily call, 100MW.  Results are below.
TECO RFP  Curve	Into FRCC Strike	$35 Size	100 MW Availability	95 Term	5/1/04-4/30/07   	$/kW-mo	$/MWh	PV'd $ Premium	
Bid	2.66	3.84	8,033,628	
Mid	5.09	7.33	15,337,981	
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
They have over 2500 MW at Wansley over 2 coal plants and 4 gas turbines (in CC).   They can offer LD at this location
Southern is evaluting the 7x24 offer from the Wansley delivery point.  They indicated hesitance to offer LD, but are more amenable to offer LD if have choice of delivery points.  I indicated we had the preference of Wansley, but would also consider Scherer.  I'll let you know what they come back with 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
I told TJ the phone interview needs to be in the afternoon.   No way will 11:45 work.   We need a  4 or 5:00 pm phone interview, preferably tommorow.
Can you please coordinate with TJ.
58 SOCO trades yesterday.   5 already this morning.
Kevin,
I will not be there this morning.   I'll see you around 11:45am for the
phone interview.
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager
email: john.suarez@
Thank you very much for the nice gift (and, of course, the $1).   I appreciate you girls putting up with me and doing a great job for the whole floor.
Thanks again.
Ader has managed to get cross-wise with another good employee.  =20
Ader's "supply group" has essentially stolen Roger's approved ERCOT LSE accounts.   Rogers needs these LSE accounts to serve load in ERCOT and now he has none.   This is BS and should not be tolerated.
Kevin and Rogers,
After meeting with Ader yesterday to discuss some LSE topics and sending him a polite, to the point email, I received this email response from him.  This email completely misrepresents what was dicussed and makes me look bad to management.  I am about ready for war, so I think it is better that someone else look at this before I do something to get fired.  I have never been so completely disgusted with someone who is supposed to be a figure of respect and authority, and is a Vice President at a company like Enron.  My email was addressed to Ader and Bernstein and copied Rogers and Nancy Hetrick since these are the people who have knowledge of the subject matter.  For him to copy the people he did, and hide behind his contacts, while lying about our conversation, and skewing it in a manner in which I would never act, is inexcusable.  I would expect more from a 4th grader.  Sorry for the ranting and raving.  Kevin - Rogers is out today, so if you would like to discuss this further, please call me at 33143.  Thanks.
-Joe
Joe,
I requested a meeting with you yesterday to work with you and convey what we have learned over the last three months by working with regulatory and the ERCOT ISO to utilize and create additional LSE accounts.  As you were informed by Nancy Hetrick of regulatory all three currently available LSE account are committed by Structured Supply for use under currently negotiated masters.  We requested the meeting with you yesterday to explain what we were doing and why we needed the other three EES LSE accounts.  We also took the time to explain the process for establishing new LSE accounts, under a LLC structure which is not complicated, but the structure that the new LSE accounts would be created under (SPV) is inconsistent with the masters negotiated and EES would not be able to perform under these masters.
We have tried to work with you in cooperation to accomplish your goals consistent with the constraints of the ERCOT rules.  We have explained our needs and the reason for them. We conveyed our interest in working together to accomplish the greater good for the company and offered our help in any way we could.  You mark and I agreed that it would be easier to help each other and not duplicate efforts.  We were appreciative of your willingness to proceed consistent with this spirit of cooperation.  It disheartens and surprises me that you would leave the meeting with this understanding and in agreement of the business situation and send an e-mail the next morning, without picking up the phone or stopping by to discuss this and just attempt to dictatorially commandeer the LSE accounts that you knew were committed and why they were committed. =20
Moreover; you told us that you thought you might need one more and you have attempted to take three more.
,
Jeff
Thank you for taking the time to discuss the LSE situation in ERCOT.  The present LSE was set up by EES and is being utilized by EWS Retail and EWS Services Group, for physical delivery in ERCOT for EES load.  In order to better manage EES volume and structure growth in ERCOT, billing issues, and optimization of the present and future portfolio, EES/EWS Retail will require the use of the sub LSE's available under EES's existing LSE arrangement.  Structured Supply will be responsible for the creation of any LLC's that need to be created to facilitate additional LSE availability.  If you have any questions or comments, please either email or call me (ext 33143).  Thanks.
-Joe =20
Looks fine.
Attached is the final draft of this paper for comment.  It incorporates the comments of those who responded but there is time for further redrafting.  However, given the filing deadline (Wednesday) further changes are likely to be wordsmithing unless someone vehemently objects to the structure.
Mike ext. 57634
PS.  There were no objections to my thoughts on structure so we have concentrated on the rationale supporting RTO's and effective spot markets as mechanisms that achieve the goals of ICAP (i.e A spot market is Enrons solution).  We then state that if others have different views, any resulting separate iCap proposal if implemented should be interim in nature and minimise spot market distortions.  Finally we attach a simple interim solution as an appendix (so it does not detract from our main argument structure) so that if there is an ongoing debate we will be able to take part 
I received zero.
Did you get the folders with the UBSWenergy documentation for VEPCO - If you did, can I come get them from you?
Please arrange a room for an East Power Mtg at 10:00 am this morning.
Agenda:
UBS Warburg Energy Closing/Implementation
Organization/Roles
On-line products (which products and when)
Power documents (EEI and ISDA)
PM call with the whole group, including Suarez.   Can you find a date that works for everyone.
John Suarez wanted you, Fletch and Dana in do a phone interview with this guy in London.  He is available all week but I did not know due to the time difference when you wanted to do it. Would you prefer an AM or PM call?
I don't understand this e-mail.
Kevin,
Which do you prefer...an AM or PM phone interview?
Please let me know,
TJae
Tamara,
A collegue in the Houston office forwarded on a message from Kevin that I should contact you to set up some telephone interviews with the following people;
Kevin Presto (VP - head of East Power Trading)
Fletcher Sturm (VP - head of midwest trading - East Power)
Dana Davis (VP - head of northeast trading - East Power).
Could you let me know a possible schedule? I'm available anytime this week, including any evening (London time) calls.
Many thanks, 
Tim 
Can you please set up a meeting and we can discuss.
Kevin:
As I mentioned in a voice mail a couple of weeks ago, Reliant has expressed some concerns about the current EnronOnline notification process for changes to power products.  My initial response after discussions with EnronOnline was to explain to Reliant that EnronOnline cannot change the notification process from them and to suggest alternative internal measures that Reliant can implement to monitor product changes.  (According to EnronOnline, no other objections to the notification process have been received by EOL.)   I had heard nothing else for a couple of weeks, and to date Reliant's use of EOL apparently has not been affected.  However, one of Reliant's attorneys, Dede Russo, called me yesterday to discuss the issue again.  I spoke with Rogers Herndon yesterday about Reliant's concerns, and Rogers perceives a real risk that Reliant will discontinue its use of EOL if we do not respond to their concerns.
I would like to discuss this issue with you briefly and suggest that we may want to meet with Savita Puthgai of EnronOnline to consider how best to respond to Reliant. 
Thanks,
Leslie
I don't understand this e-mail.
Kevin,
Which do you prefer...an AM or PM phone interview?
Please let me know,
TJae
Tamara,
A collegue in the Houston office forwarded on a message from Kevin that I should contact you to set up some telephone interviews with the following people;
Kevin Presto (VP - head of East Power Trading)
Fletcher Sturm (VP - head of midwest trading - East Power)
Dana Davis (VP - head of northeast trading - East Power).
Could you let me know a possible schedule? I'm available anytime this week, including any evening (London time) calls.
Many thanks, 
Tim 
Rika and Lloyd.
This is work in progress with a realistic completion date of May 2002.
Kevin,
You mentioned the other day that we have an internal group who is working on an LMP model to replicate the pricing which we expect the RTO's to apply under real-time market conditions.
Who can I speak to, to catch up on this?
Dave
Why can't we use AEP's position against them in their own backyard (Ohio).   AEP's position is that you can't have effective retail markets without real-time energy markets (which I agree with), yet there is no real-time energy market with ancillary clearing prices in AEP's service territory in Ohio.
Can we use their own testimony against them?
AEP asked the Texas PUC to postpone opening the Texas (outside of ERCOT) retail market because there is no centralized dispatch (per Ron M's testimony on behalf on AEP).  After talking with our SPP folks (I understand that EPMI has bid to serve a portion of Entergy's load) , Jim's testimony is that the outside of ERCOT Texas market should open 1/1/02 and that other states have implemented retail open access without a centralized dispatch model (for example, AEP in Ohio, ComEd in Ilinois and Duquense in ECAR/PA).  Jim states that while RTOs and central dispatch will certainly facilitate the market, it is not absolutely required, and that, if AEP thinks that the retail market will not be competitive without it, then, perhaps, REPS other than AEP should be the only ones allowed to serve retail load in this part of Texas until central dispatch is in place.  In addition, he states that the imbalance provisions should be changed and that network firm capacity should be available to REPs (without the need for protracted system impact studies, since the load is already being served.)
Apparently, Entergy has also changed its mind and now is opposing the 1/1/02 opening of the Entergy/Texas retail market.
Attached is the testimony that I filed today asking thh PUC of Texas to open the retail markets in the SPP territory.
Thanks,
Jim
We need an immediate legal review to see what are on-going $ risks are in ERCOT.   The deficiency of $6500 is no big deal when they allocate to all of the QSE's on a pro-rata basis, however what if the deficiency is $100 million and we our pro-rata share is $3 million?
Do we have any legal recourse?   Do they suspend the deficient QSE immediately?
Gentlemen:
I have a call in to Thane Twiggs from Regulatory affairs to ask what is at the bottom of this.  Obviously this is a bad situation.
,
Smith L. Day
Enron Power Marketing, Inc.
Ph. 713-853-4201
Fax: 713-646-8272
Pager: 877-306-9429
QSEs that are owed monies from ERCOT on invoices that are due today, October 15, 2001, will notice that the amount of funds transferred is short of the balance due on the invoice. This is a notification that ERCOT will follow the "short payment" procedure stated in the ERCOT protocols for payments being made to QSEs today.  Due to short payments by one or more QSEs, ERCOT is insufficient of funds to pay all amounts in full.  As described in the ERCOT protocols, section 9.4.4, ERCOT will deduct ERCOT administrative fees and reduce payments to all invoice recipients that are owed monies. The reductions will be based on a pro rata basis of monies owed to each ERCOT creditor for this invoice to the extent necessary to clear ERCOT's accounts on the payment date to insure revenue neutrality for ERCOT. ERCOT will distribute past due funds on a pro rata basis of monies owed on the next business day after receipt of the monies.=20
If you have any questions, please call your ERCOT client service representative.=20
Ted  Hailu=20
Client Relations Manager=20
Electric Reliability Council of Texas=20
E-mail: Thailu@ercot.com=20
Telephone: (512) 248-3873
I'll pay the extra $'s.   I would like No. 480 in the new garage.
Kevin,
I spoke to Louis Allen...he is sending over a fax of the reserve spot for you...however, I was not sure if you new that you will be paying an extra hundred dollars for the spot.  Please let me know what you want to do.
Thanks
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
TJ has my calender.   Just about any afternoon will work with this group.
Kevin,
Let me know your availability (and whoever else you think needs to interview him) and I can setup phone interviews.
We'll go after him.
Yes - good guy.  I think he is moving with Marcello into their new cross commodity group.  But he's bright, agressive and worth trying to get.
Do you know this gentleman.   Suarez is high on him.
Kevin,
I have worked with this guy at EBS for the past year and think he is a good candidate for the group.  He has worked for Marcello Romano (he has a favorable view of him also).  He traded oil products at Goldman a few years back and is interested in coming to the U.S. from our London office 
Let me know what you think.  Perhaps Louise can weigh in also if she knows him 
John 
We'll go after him.
Yes - good guy.  I think he is moving with Marcello into their new cross commodity group.  But he's bright, agressive and worth trying to get.
Do you know this gentleman.   Suarez is high on him.
Kevin,
I have worked with this guy at EBS for the past year and think he is a good candidate for the group.  He has worked for Marcello Romano (he has a favorable view of him also).  He traded oil products at Goldman a few years back and is interested in coming to the U.S. from our London office 
Let me know what you think.  Perhaps Louise can weigh in also if she knows him 
John 
I give bankruptcy 50/50.
Gentlemen -
FYI, We have approximately 3.6 MM Mwh of net sales to New Power Company.  I am not sure what the p/l is but I think it is sizeable as most of these sales were made several months back.  I am not sure if this is on anyone's radar screen but is now on mine.  I will have the group look into p/l.
Rogers
Can he come over to our trading floor around 11:00 am?   I can give him a quick tour and then give him a macro overview of the NA energy markets.   Please confirm via e-mail and directly with my asst. (TJ Black at 713-853-5800).
Thanks.
Russell would like for you to meet with him for an informational interview. An in person meeting would be preferable,
but whatever is available with your schedule is fine.  My understanding is that he is not formally looking for a job
yet, but trying to get a feel for different types of positions available within the energy industry. Erik is the son of
one of Russell's clients and will graduate from school in May.  I will try to get more color from Russell and forward it
to you.
Sent: Monday, February 04, 2002 4:18 PM
What do you need from me?   Do you want me to meet with him?  talk to him
on the phone?   go to lunch?    is he looking for a job?    As you can see,
I don't have much information of the objective here.
Sent:   Monday, February 04, 2002 3:43 PM
Subject:  meeting with Erik Fabrikant
Kevin,
It looks like Tuesday morning will work best for Erik.  I am supposed to
meet with him at 9:00 am Tuesday morning, but
am flexible if that time works for you.  Just let me know what time is
ideal and I will schedule it with Erik.
Visit our website at 
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
.
Visit our website at 
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Resume looks impressive.   We should definitely interview him.   I forwarded e-mail to Louise to see if she knows the guy from her London gas trading days.
Kevin,
I have worked with this guy at EBS for the past year and think he is a good candidate for the group.  He has worked for Marcello Romano (he has a favorable view of him also).  He traded oil products at Goldman a few years back and is interested in coming to the U.S. from our London office 
Let me know what you think.  Perhaps Louise can weigh in also if she knows him 
John 
Do you know this gentleman.   Suarez is high on him.
Kevin,
I have worked with this guy at EBS for the past year and think he is a good candidate for the group.  He has worked for Marcello Romano (he has a favorable view of him also).  He traded oil products at Goldman a few years back and is interested in coming to the U.S. from our London office 
Let me know what you think.  Perhaps Louise can weigh in also if she knows him 
John 
I would support this 100%.   It is consistent with the direction that Whalley, Lavo, and Delainey are headed with the retail risk management group.
Kevin & Tim:
Last week I spoke to Janet about the probable departure of Sean Holmes from EES Deal Management to EES Europe.  Janet discussed several alternatives for Deal Management and asked for my suggestions.  My suggestion is as follows:
Berney Aucoin would assume oversight of all Retail Power Structurning and Deal Management activities.  Initially, keep Deal Management separate under Deb Merrill's direction and Structuring under Edith's direction.  DSM, LC, DG would probably need to fall under Berney as well.  I would anticipate that the functional separation that currently exists between Deal Managment and Structuring would begin to go away over the next 3 - 6 months as we intersperse our more experienced people and everyone in general gets up the curve.  Thus, I would expect that we could merge Deal Managemnt and Strcuturing into one group in the near future.
I spoke to Berney and he thinks this makes sense and is up for the job.  Edith is still planning to move into a commercial Origination role at year end but I believe we could have a replacement by then.
Janet and the EES group have definitely bought into this idea - I think they would like to implement.  Janet would expect dual reporting of the Group (to EES and EWS) and I indicated that, if implemented, I did not see a problem and as far as I was concerned nothing would change - Berney reiterated this directly.
I apoloigize if you are reading this feeling as though I have taken the liberty to suggest material changes without getting full buy-in, but 1) things aren't done and 2) I wanted to suggest something that I felt made sense before some alternative plan was proposed and in execution mode.
Please let me know what you think and whether you feel Lavo would have any problems.
Thanks,
Rogers
What other offer?
Eric after much negotiations has decided to go with his other offer. 
Tried my best. 
Sorry. 
Outstanding.   As usual, you are the king.
Kevin the meeting went very well.  We are finally starting to turn the corner and everyone is working together. 
We have created a team to scope the workflow for retail to wholesale deals. They will be finished by the end of the month.
Beth was well behaved and is starting to see the light. 
Thanks. 
From East Power's perspective, the East PJM development site is the only site/turbine of interest and we should pursue pending transmission analysis to ensure the site is within the congested area of East PJM.
I have just received a letter which outlines the following sites and turbines which are for sale in the market.  Please let me know if any of you have any interest and we will sign the CA and get more detailed information.  I have additional details at my desk but will limit this email to a brief summary.
SITES 
Site A: PJM  - Central (PA) 1100 MW gas/oil fired CC using Siemens V84.2 or GE 7FA.  Brownfield site located on Susquehanna River in PA.
Site B: PJM - East (NJ) 550 MW gas/oil fired CC using GE 7FA. Brownfield site along Delaware River in NJ. 
Site C: PJM - West (PA) 1100 MW gas/oil fired CC using Siemens V84.2 or GE 7FA. Greenfield in western PA. 
Site D: PJM - West (PA) 1100 MW gas/oil fired CC using GE 7FA.  Brownfield in western PA. Site is located on existing gas storage field.
Some of the sites have access to multiple gas and oil pipelines.  All four sites have queue positions in the PJM process and have received completed PJM Feasibility Studies.  Two of the sites have completed Impact Studies.
TURBINES 
6 Siemens V84.2 gas turbine generators with deliveries from Aug 2002-April 2003. 
2 Alstom Steam Turbines for V84.2 applications with delivery May 2003 and Oct. 2003. 
6 GE 7FA Turbines for duel fuel operation with dry low-NOx combustors.  Delivery is as follows: 2 - Nov. 2002,  2 - March 2003, 2 - Nov. 2003.
3 Alstom Steam Turbines for 7 FA Application with delivery May, July and Oct 2003. 
Let me know if anyone has any interest. 
Thanks, 
Don 
Thanks.
I talked to Eric today.  He has agreed to come over to work in Freight.
thanks for your help,
dan
I'm $2  bid for this spread in Cal 02.
Spoke to Lew at Morgan.  In summary, he's $1@$4 for this spread 
He spent some time to explain why his market is not tighter.  Basically, the underlying philosophy of their shop is to NOT jump into the new, less liquid markets until they develop further.  They would almost rather see a few markets develop within the region, with high liquidity in each market (as opposed to many markets in the region, with low liquidity in each market).  My response was to be part of developing many market in the region, all with high liquidity.  But, in order to do so and help all the players in the market, we need other participants.
All that being said, his offer is $4 for the Cal'02, into SOCO/on Ga-ITS spread, 5x16.  I'm going to try some of the others (Williams, Dyn, Mirant may be players).
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Please participate and give group overview.
Thanks.
FYI
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager
email: john.suarez@
Re: US Energy Secretary -- CERA Client Briefing
I wanted to be sure you were aware that U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer
Abraham is delivering an exclusive telephone briefing to CERA's Global
Energy clients on Friday, October 12 at 11:00am eastern time on "US
Energy Policy: What's Ahead." I will be chairing this call.
This is a unique opportunity for you to hear directly the Secretary's
views on U.S. energy policy post the September 11 crisis.
I hope you will be able to join us.
Sincerely,
Daniel Yergin
To enroll, please contact Kathleen Doherty via e-mail at +617 498 9194
before 10am eastern time Friday, October 12.
To participate in the call, please call in on one of the following
numbers approximately 10-15 minutes before the call:
Within the United States:  1-888-695-0612
Outside the United States:  (719) 457-2663
Confirmation code:  506303
Title of the call:  CERA Call
Playback
Via CERA.com
A recording of this call will be posted in the Global Energy section on
CERA.com. Details will be made available following the call on Monday,
October 15.
Via Telephone
In addition, you will be able to access the replay via telephone by
calling 1-888-203-1112  (within the U.S.) or (719) 457-0820 outside the
U.S.). Please use confirmation number 506303 to access the playback.
This version of the call will be available until November 12, 2001.
No.
Do you need any passes for the Power Mart?
Let me know,
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
Please print and put in binder for me.   Please combine the document from yesterday in the same binder so I can read the whole package while I'm on vacation.
Thanks.
Attached are final forms of certain Power Trading documents: 
1.  Master Agreement EEI (full blown), with all credit terms left blank, for negotiation with counterparties (CP 
2.  EEI Collateral Annex, including paragraph 10, for use with the Master Agreement EEI; 
3.  GTC EEI, Online with credit terms (unilateral right to call for collateral at any time for any reason), for use as the default GTCs Online when dealing with CPs with whom there will be a credit requirement (but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the CP consent to the form of agreement, including cover page, prior to entering into trade);
4.  GTC EEI, Online without  credit terms, for use as the default GTCs Online when dealing with CPs with whom there will not be a credit requirement (but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the CP consent to the form of agreement, including cover page, prior to entering into trade).
While these documents have been discussed generally with UBS, UBS has not yet had an opportunity to review the actual final version.
100 copies of the first two documents (which will be combined as one for distribution) will be delivered by Genia to Dave shortly.
Please call with any questions/comments. 
Elizabeth Sager 
713-853-6349 
Cc:     Haedicke, Mark E.; Kitchen, Louise; Fitzgerald, Genia; 'llmagovern@aol.com' 
Enclosed are clean and mark revised (hopefully close to final) drafts of the EEI Collateral Annex and Cover Sheet.  Most of the changes were made to add Securities as Eligible Collateral.  This has not yet been done on the Cover Sheet since it is in a special format that I couldn't figure out.  It will be done tomorrow.  Please call or e-mail me with any remaining comments as we need to finalize this as early as possible tomorrow.  Thanks.
Genia: 
I left the cover sheet in your chair with the changes that need to be made.  Can you please make those changes?  Thanks.
Carol St. Clair 
EB 4539 
713-853-3989 (phone) 
713-646-3393 (fax) 
281-382-1943 (cell phone) 
8774545506 (pager) 
281-890-8862 (home fax) 
carol.st.clair@ 
He's making his rounds.   I believe he is talking with Corp Risk and Reck.   I get the impression he doen't want to be anywhere near an energy commodity that has a relationship with power (which, of course, is all of them)
Whatever happen with Eric Smpson?
KJM
OK.
I say we do it another time - i am booked solid today.
maybe we can catch him tomorrow.
I will let you know.
RH
What time works for you guys?
Yeah, general catch up - no big deal.  We can do it anytime.
RH
I need to leave at 3:30 today to go to my stepson's football game.   Unfortunately, I have a 2:00 and 3:00 meeting already.   Is this just a general catch-up discussion?
Kevin -
Instead of our weekly update meeting, would you like to meet with Belden at 4:00 in your office?
RH
Florida might be a better location than New Jersey.   Can you say sunshine?
This guy claims to have an emerging solar generating technology that he is investigating the feasibility of.  I gave him a primer on what one would need to do to interconnect to the grid and sell to the market.  I invited him to call me if they get to the point of pitching this technology or if they are seeking development capital.  Are you ready to go long solar!!
John
Please follow-up with this gentleman.   Never know. 
Kevin 
I received this note from the EES Business Center.  Can someone from your shop follow-up?  I called this gentleman and couldn't get a definitive answer related to how the power is being generated or how much.  This may be a wild-goose chase.  I'm just not sure.
Eric 
Hello Eric, 
Mr. Pourang Bral from New Jersey requesting information about selling electricity to Enron. 
He is requesting to have someone call him back.  He can be reached at  201.200.1448 or 
201.264.4862. 
Thanks, Raquel Vilts 
What time works for you guys?
Yeah, general catch up - no big deal.  We can do it anytime.
RH
I need to leave at 3:30 today to go to my stepson's football game.   Unfortunately, I have a 2:00 and 3:00 meeting already.   Is this just a general catch-up discussion?
Kevin -
Instead of our weekly update meeting, would you like to meet with Belden at 4:00 in your office?
RH
I need to leave at 3:30 today to go to my stepson's football game.   Unfortunately, I have a 2:00 and 3:00 meeting already.   Is this just a general catch-up discussion?
Kevin -
Instead of our weekly update meeting, would you like to meet with Belden at 4:00 in your office?
RH
Please follow-up with this gentleman.   Never know.
Kevin 
I received this note from the EES Business Center.  Can someone from your shop follow-up?  I called this gentleman and couldn't get a definitive answer related to how the power is being generated or how much.  This may be a wild-goose chase.  I'm just not sure.
Eric
Hello Eric,
Mr. Pourang Bral from New Jersey requesting information about selling electricity to Enron.
He is requesting to have someone call him back.  He can be reached at  201.200.1448 or
201.264.4862.
Thanks, Raquel Vilts
Are all of these units in our database?
Please review the attached worksheet listing Transmission and  Generation additions. I have highlighted in green several
missing data items and/or date updates. Please provide the  information for the facilities belonging to your company.
There is also a question highlighted for the Rowan  unit.
I need your response as soon as possible. This data is due to  NERC on Friday.
Thanks!
Teresa Glaze
Southeastern Electric Reliability  Council
tglaze@serc1.org
- Transmission and Generation Additions.xls 
All,
Please mark you calendars, you  have been selected to participate in the  ENA Trading Track recruiting event Monday, October 29th , 3 pm - 7 pm.     If you are unable to interview on this date please advise.
A selection of you will telephone screen 18 external candidates, and decide whether or not they should proceed to the final round on the above date.    A separate e:mail will be sent in relation to this.
Any questions let me know.
,
Karen 
x54667
Notice on the tags when we go hourly could be 30 minutes or less.   Additionally, if we use them as sink when we go hourly, they will have to be part of the day-ahead tag.   If these issues are not crystal clear with them, I have no interest in even showing an offer.
TEA is ok with allowing hourly scheduling from either internal units or to the border, as long as Enron is handling all scheduling and tags and gives sufficient notice for schedule changes.  I assured him that we would handle those functions.  So, we need to offer for: 
1)  June-Sep'02, 20MW, 5x16
2) Cal'02, 20MW, 5x16
Billy
We need the hourly option to allow for non-GTC sources, but we will deliver into-GTC border hourly.
TEA will let us go hourly 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly, as long as the source remains a unit on the Ga-ITS.  However, he doesn't want a full 50MW block in the June-Sept period, just 40MW.  The 40MW is actually already at the high end of his range (needs 30-40MW for June-Sep).
Will he let us go hourly at least 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly.   This essentially would require they provide parking and lending for up 20 MW in the Cal and 40 MW in the June-Sept.   Can we at least get a 50 MW block in the June-Sept period?
An offer from any Scherer unit(s) would work.  He understands the odd lot will demand a premium, but I can't talk him into a round 50MW.  So, 2 pieces of energy: 
1)  June-Sep'02, 20MW, 5x16
2) Cal'02, 20MW, 5x16
Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source.
TEA is looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, June-Sep'02, into MEAG.  Also looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, Cal'02, into MEAG.  I told them we may be more willing to offer into GTC.  His response was he would need to know which facility or interface would be the source (I suspect this is so he can reserve ahead to use his network transmission 
Any interest? 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
We don't need gas at this point, but we should be planning to add this.
No problem.  I will discuss a few requirements with you on wednesday on the detail.
Did you want me to work with gas as well.
Thanks
Lloyd Will
I believe he has signed.   Confirm with Dana Davis.
Kevin 
Just checking on the status of Brian Terp - we are showing that he is still open. 
Has he returned his letter or do we owe you any revisions? 
Thanks! 
Amy 
We need the hourly option to allow for non-GTC sources, but we will deliver into-GTC border hourly.
TEA will let us go hourly 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly, as long as the source remains a unit on the Ga-ITS.  However, he doesn't want a full 50MW block in the June-Sept period, just 40MW.  The 40MW is actually already at the high end of his range (needs 30-40MW for June-Sep).
Will he let us go hourly at least 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly.   This essentially would require they provide parking and lending for up 20 MW in the Cal and 40 MW in the June-Sept.   Can we at least get a 50 MW block in the June-Sept period?
An offer from any Scherer unit(s) would work.  He understands the odd lot will demand a premium, but I can't talk him into a round 50MW.  So, 2 pieces of energy: 
1)  June-Sep'02, 20MW, 5x16
2) Cal'02, 20MW, 5x16
Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source.
TEA is looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, June-Sep'02, into MEAG.  Also looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, Cal'02, into MEAG.  I told them we may be more willing to offer into GTC.  His response was he would need to know which facility or interface would be the source (I suspect this is so he can reserve ahead to use his network transmission 
Any interest? 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Good luck.
I'M GOING TO SPEND THURSDAY AFTERNOON WORKING WITH DAVE - HONESTLY - NOT ON THE GOLF COURSE.  SO LET''S CANCEL THE MEETING.\
JOHN
I would like ASAP (by new building) a huge wall map with the logical RTO boundaries that has all of the large generators and substations (nodes in LMP) and LSE's territory color coded.
This will become the tour location with a description of the regional markets and the energy hubs within those super regions.   It will also help our traders get accustomed to electrically significant areas whether than NERC regions.
I did not realize we were going to reserve on spreads which create zero net position and almost zero credit risk.   The new forward correlations are 90+% per the var model and it looks like your credit model is still using the old correlations.
Kevin,
I thought we agreed to take these reserves since EOL lacks the pricing capability for longer dated transactions.  If you want we can restrict trading to 36 months on EOL and approve long-dated transactions on a one-off basis to insure our counterparty positions remain somewhat balanced.
Please advise,
Bill
You and I had agreed to the structure below for '04 and '05 transactions.  We are not taking credit reserves to the extent the trades are offsetting.  Since '04 is rolling off shortly, we should review the EOL needs for East Power and again come to agreement on the pricing structure.  Let me know when you would like to do so.
Ed
Peak				$0.10 for '04 & '05	(vs $0.17 for '05)
Peak Cal Spreads		$0.06
Peak Basis			$0.04 (assumed correlation of 95%)
Off Peak			$0.03
Off Peak (basis or spreads)	$0
There should be no credit on a TVA/Cin spread.   The correlation between the 2 markets is 95% plus.
Please note the following addition to the domestic credit reserve for October 2001:
CP:  PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P.
Deal No: 806688 & 806689
EOL No: 1972890 & 1972891
Deal Date:  10/5/2001
Deal Specifics:  Sale / Buy (Basis)
Term:  1/1/2005 thru 12/31/2005
Volume:  50 MW/h Peak
Delivery Points:  Cinergy / Into TVA
Trader:  Fletch Sturm
Credit Reserve Amount:  $8,000 (eight thousand US dollars)
CP:  PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P.
Deal No: 806685 & 806686
EOL No: 1972884 & 1972885
Deal Date:  10/5/2001
Deal Specifics:  Sale / Buy (Basis)
Term:  1/1/2004 thru 12/31/2004
Volume:  50 MW/h Peak
Delivery Points:  Cinergy / Into TVA
Trader:  Fletch Sturm
Credit Reserve Amount:  $8,000 (eight thousand US dollars)
Comments or questions, please reply.
Ed Sacks
He is a definite hire.   I thought I communicated that last week.
Did you want me to follow through on Eric or do we want to pass.
Thanks.
Lloyd,
Hi.  I wanted to let you know that I have another offer that requires a response.  I am very excited by Enron and the opportunity to trade power.  However, I need to know where you stand in the hiring process.  Please give me a call (713) 533-9883 as soon as you have a minute.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely, 
Erik Benke, CFA
3601 Allen Parkway
Apt. 224
Houston, TX  77019
713-533-9883
Please put on my calender.
Please let me know ASAP if you will be attending the Trading Track Dinner for Lavorato:
October 16th
Place - TBD
Time - TBD
Thanks
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
Will he let us go hourly at least 5 times per month and change the source if we go hourly.   This essentially would require they provide parking and lending for up 20 MW in the Cal and 40 MW in the June-Sept.   Can we at least get a 50 MW block in the June-Sept period?
An offer from any Scherer unit(s) would work.  He understands the odd lot will demand a premium, but I can't talk him into a round 50MW.  So, 2 pieces of energy: 
1)  June-Sep'02, 20MW, 5x16
2) Cal'02, 20MW, 5x16
Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source.
TEA is looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, June-Sep'02, into MEAG.  Also looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, Cal'02, into MEAG.  I told them we may be more willing to offer into GTC.  His response was he would need to know which facility or interface would be the source (I suspect this is so he can reserve ahead to use his network transmission 
Any interest? 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
There should be no credit on a TVA/Cin spread.   The correlation between the 2 markets is 95% plus.
Please note the following addition to the domestic credit reserve for October 2001:
CP:  PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P.
Deal No: 806688 & 806689
EOL No: 1972890 & 1972891
Deal Date:  10/5/2001
Deal Specifics:  Sale / Buy (Basis)
Term:  1/1/2005 thru 12/31/2005
Volume:  50 MW/h Peak
Delivery Points:  Cinergy / Into TVA
Trader:  Fletch Sturm
Credit Reserve Amount:  $8,000 (eight thousand US dollars)
CP:  PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P.
Deal No: 806685 & 806686
EOL No: 1972884 & 1972885
Deal Date:  10/5/2001
Deal Specifics:  Sale / Buy (Basis)
Term:  1/1/2004 thru 12/31/2004
Volume:  50 MW/h Peak
Delivery Points:  Cinergy / Into TVA
Trader:  Fletch Sturm
Credit Reserve Amount:  $8,000 (eight thousand US dollars)
Comments or questions, please reply.
Ed Sacks
Ask him if Scherer 1,2,3 and/or 4 would work?   Let him know that an odd lot would command a $2.50-3.00/Mwh premium on top   In addition, even if we used Scherer, it would be from any one of the facilities therefore the transmission would need to be able to use any of the Scherer units as a source.
TEA is looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, June-Sep'02, into MEAG.  Also looking to buy 20MW, 5x16, Cal'02, into MEAG.  I told them we may be more willing to offer into GTC.  His response was he would need to know which facility or interface would be the source (I suspect this is so he can reserve ahead to use his network transmission 
Any interest? 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
Do we have 4 or 8?
Kevin,
Please let me know who will be using the tickets for Tues. Oct. 9th and Wed. Oct. 10th....thanks Tjae
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
Go ahead and cancel.
You have a GTC order in to sell 5,000 DIS @ 23.25.
Do you still want that order in the system?
If not, let me know, so I can cancel.
David L. Shine
Vice President-Investments
UBS PaineWebber
1111 Bagby, Suite 5100
Houston, Texas 77002
(713) 654-0396  Direct
(800) 553-3119  Toll Free
(713) 654-4723  Fax
roundtable meeting.
Kevin,
What meeting is this that Harry is talking about?
Thanks Tjae
TJae
Can you put me on the Tuesday "traders meeting".  I spoke to Kevin and he suggested I come to those meetings.
Thanks
Harry
Let's sit down and talk.   I think we should fill from within our current desk.   I have some ideas.
I need to move on hiring a trader for the group sometime within the next (2) weeks.  Do you have a list of potential candidates or should I go to HR for resumes.  As far as EBS goes, I am a bit weary of hiring anyone from the desk at this moment due to the attrition were are experiencing.
Let me know.
Thanks.
I will talk to him today to gauge his interest 
Sounds like he might fit in the LMP/transmission/congestion management group.   As I mentioned, we are attempting to create an Eastern Interconnect LMP model to model congestion in every region.   This will lead to the creation of hubs and basis markets.
Ravi might be a good fit for this group.
Kevin,
Here is the scoop on Ravi:
- He has extensive technical and financial modeling experience that would be an asset to the group.
- He would like the opportunity to using modeling (artificial intelligence, etc.) to realize arbitrage opportunities.  He has spoken to John Arnold and the crude desk about doing some variation of the above - He is not ready to sit down in a trading seat day 1, however he is interested in getting to learn the commodity via research and modeling with the opportunity to move into trading 
What are your thoughts?
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager 
email: john.suarez@
Please make the following revisions to the peak and off-peak position reports:
Remove ERCOT wind position completely from the report (PPA has been terminated)
Add ERCOT north zone positions
Add ERCOT south zone positions
Show separate positions for FL/GA border and FPL/FRCC
Add PJM-East positions (show separate from PJM-West)
Off-Peak position still shows SERC-FL (this location no longer exists) - Florida positions are either FL/GA or FPL/FRCC.
Thanks.
TJ,
Please provide me with the latest hard copy so I can have one final meeting with my direct reports to get final confirmation for East Power seating.
Thanks.
Attached are the revised floor plans with data that has been presented through today.  Tina Rode has submitted the churns for the groups that fall under Duran.  Doug Gilbert-Smith and Harry Arora have okay'd their people/locations.  DSM is complete.
There are only a few outstanding issues.  Power Services has been allocated 7 desks, however the names have not been placed; my understanding is the remainder of the team are located with the regions 
I have not heard anything from Fletch, Dana Davis, or Suarez.  Don Black and Rogers have not emailed their changes, but LaDonna is working on it and said she'll put in as many churns as possible in this evening 
Feel free to call me on Sunday if needed. 
Tammy 
Home    281-341-1909 
Mobile  713-594-4718 
Thanks for the info Heather.   In terms of forward curve, Entergy is the worst place to be long assets right now.   The equipment is probably of more interest as it relates to a packaged development for the Midway project in Florida.
Kevin,
FYI.  I spoke with a guy at Entergy in their merchant plant development group.  They have a site in Louisiana in advanced development (all permits, interconnection, water, etc) including a steam offtake agreement with an industrial host (2x1 combined cycle, 7FA turbines, approx. 550 MW).  They were scheduled to begin construction in the next few weeks.  Given the state of the market, Entergy management has pulled the plug on this project and they are looking to sell everything (permitted site, turbines, steam contract).  He wouldn't tell me where the plant was located in Louisiana except that it was on Entergy's system.  Looking through the development book, it looks like it could be the Lake Charles plant with PPG as steam host?  Given the steam sale, the effective heat rate he quoted was 6700 HHV (new and clean).
I know we aren't in the market for assets right now, but I wanted to pass on the information.  I've given this info to Carson and Jacoby as well.
,
Heather
We are already completely full.   In fact, we are already 2 seats short for my own group.
Kevin, 
I realize real estate around you is pricey, but do you think I can secure a spot on the power trading floor for someone in RAC?  It would be great to have an opportunity to get better plugged into the power floor.
Thx
Frank
Sounds like he might fit in the LMP/transmission/congestion management group.   As I mentioned, we are attempting to create an Eastern Interconnect LMP model to model congestion in every region.   This will lead to the creation of hubs and basis markets.
Ravi might be a good fit for this group.
Kevin,
Here is the scoop on Ravi:
- He has extensive technical and financial modeling experience that would be an asset to the group.
- He would like the opportunity to using modeling (artificial intelligence, etc.) to realize arbitrage opportunities.  He has spoken to John Arnold and the crude desk about doing some variation of the above - He is not ready to sit down in a trading seat day 1, however he is interested in getting to learn the commodity via research and modeling with the opportunity to move into trading 
What are your thoughts?
John D. Suarez
Enron Broadband Services
(713) 853-5267 work
(713) 443-5267 mobile
(877) 597-0646 pager 
email: john.suarez@
This has not been booked.   I was told Q4.   What is this?
FYI
Booked in 3Q, 3.5 to origination, 3.5 to trading
I don't like the 2nd bullet - not positive enough.   We are the dominant player in the power market.  With respect to volumes for term trades, the risk group will have to provide that to you.   I can tell you that the volumes have increased in the term market by a significant factor (at least 10 times relative to last year).
Kevin 
Thanks again for taking the time to visit with us a few weeks back regarding your business.  Based upon our discussions, I have included a draft of an East Power Slide.  We are still waiting on final volumes for 3Q01; however, I was curious if you could take a minute to review the conceptual content and let me know if you have any other ideas/comments.  In the last bullet, we would like to articulate the fact that you are creating liquidity in longer term markets.  If I recall correctly, you mentioned your term volumes had increased exponentially compared to the prior year.  Can we get more specific and talk about # MW's transacted and the length of such contracts? (ie, my last bullet is a placeholder).
We are going to meet with Greg on Friday and discuss a draft of the entire presentation.
When you have a minute, please give me a call at X34785.
Kind 
David T. Leboe
Director, Investor Relations
Enron Corp. 
Office  713.853.4785
Cell  713.562.2160
Fax   713.646.3002
Pager  877.237.7732
david.leboe@
As a follow-up to our meeting on Saturday, I talked with the designer of my house (Todd Rice with Rice Residential Design) and the electrical plan is not on a CAD system.   The electrical plan was hand drawn.
If you need a copy of the plan, my preference is that you deal directly with Todd and his staff as I am very busy during the week 
Todd Rice
Rice Residential Design
11111 Katy Freeway
Houston, TX  77079
713-984-8604
Go ahead and run with it.
Saw you were responsible for getting PA, etc. done with VEPCO.  Woody and I are willing to step in or help carry some water if you would like.  By the way, are you including Dominion's unregulated arm with that?
Let me know.  Thanks! 
Terry 
Lakes on Eldridge subdivision:
5410 Morning Breeze
Houston, TX  77041
Kevin,
Can you please give  me the new address to the house which is in progress? 
Thank  you.
Wendy Donaldson
Evans Automation
Ph 281.488.7474
Fax 281.488.7475
We'll see.
I think the west may pass you guys.
We set a new west single book record with 206 trades in STCA.  We also set a new desk record with 611 for the day.  We launched an 8 hour block day-ahead product yesterday.  We have about 20 trades.  Ancillary service products are in the work.  Still grinding through contract language and EOL.
Did you know that Chris Mallory is an analyst, manages our STCA book, made $14 million in Q3, and is our leading EOL transaction trader?  Pretty cool!
Tim
EPMI Long Term California	 59	 1,230,400	  	 EPMI Long Term California	 15	 719,775  	 EPMI Long Term Northwest	 32	 535,600	  	 EPMI Long Term Northwest	 35	 2,400,440  	 EPMI Long Term Southwest	 52	 921,375	  	 EPMI Long Term Southwest	 54	 3,540,513  	 EPMI Short Term California	 373	 547,096	  	 EPMI Short Term California	 116	 373,022  	 EPMI Short Term Northwest	 196	 206,250	  	 EPMI Short Term Northwest	 101	 209,669  	 EPMI Short Term Southwest	 235	 443,375	  	 EPMI Short Term Southwest	 96	 683,895  	 Real Time	 203	 5,300	  	 Real Time	 80	 8,991   	 Grand Total	 1,150	 3,889,396	  	 Grand Total	 497	 7,936,305    	 EPMI Long Term California	 31	 516,000	  	 EPMI Long Term California	 6	 266,375  	 EPMI Long Term Northwest	 20	 380,000	  	 EPMI Long Term Northwest	 17	 1,949,622  	 EPMI Long Term Southwest	 26	 501,200	  	 EPMI Long Term Southwest	 24	 2,147,943  	 EPMI Short Term California	 206	 250,255	  	 EPMI Short Term California	 59	 155,562  	 EPMI Short Term Northwest	 111	 147,450	  	 EPMI Short Term Northwest	 45	 102,668  	 EPMI Short Term Southwest	 117	 317,100	  	 EPMI Short Term Southwest	 54	 590,216  	 Real Time	 100	 2,725	  	 Real Time	 41	 4,342   	 Grand Total	 611	 2,114,730	  	 Grand Total	 246	 5,216,728     	 Mid C (OP, Next Day)	 600	 0	  $     17.05  	 Mid C (P, Next Day)	 6,000	 1,600	  $     23.52  	 Mid C (P, Bal Month)	 67,200	 38,400	  $     23.38  	 Mid C (OP, Bal Month)	 7,225	 0	  $     18.00  	 Mid C (P, Nov-01)	 30,000	 0	  $     25.50  	 Mid C (OP, Dec-01)	 8,600	 8,600	  $     26.25  	 Mid C (P, Dec-01)	 10,000	 0	  $     33.25  	 Mid C (P, Mar-02)	 10,400	 0	  $     27.25  	 Mid C (P, Q1 02)	 30,400	 0	  $     30.35  	 Mid C (P, Q3 02)	 30,800	 0	  $     42.00  	 NP-15 (OP, Next Day)	 1,200	 200	  $     17.14  	 NP-15 (P, Next Day)	 3,200	 1,200	  $     26.56  	 NP-15 (P, Bal Month)	 28,800	 9,600	  $     24.78  	 NP-15 (OP, Bal Month)	 7,225	 7,225	  $     18.25  	 NP-15 (OP, Nov-01)	 24,000	 8,000	  $     21.58  	 NP-15 (P, Jan-02)	 10,400	 0	  $     33.00  	 NP-15 (P, Q1 02)	 30,400	 0	  $     32.25  	 NP-15 (P, Q2 02)	 30,800	 0	  $     31.50  	 NP-15 (P, Q3 02)	 30,800	 30,800	  $     45.25  	 NP-15 (P, Q4 02)	 30,800	 0	  $     35.50  	 Palo (P, Next Day)	 8,400	 1,600	  $     25.17  	 Palo (OP, Next Day)	 200	 200	  $     14.00  	 Palo (OP, Bal Month)	 14,450	 0	  $     15.25  	 Palo (P, Bal Month)	 134,400	 0	  $     24.57  	 Palo (P, Nov-01)	  	 0  	 Palo (P, Q1 02)	 30,400	 0	  $     29.00  	 Palo (P, Jan-02)	 31,200	 0	  $     28.58  	 Palo (P, May-02)	 10,400	 0	  $     31.75  	 Palo (P, Jun-02)	 30,000	 10,000	  $     40.25  	 Palo (P, Aug-02)	 21,600	 10,800	  $     54.38  	 Palo (P, Q3 02)	 123,200	 30,800	  $     50.01  	 SP-15 (OP, Next Day)	 800	 200	  $     14.69  	 SP-15 (P, Next Day)	 8,800	 2,400	  $     25.65  	 SP-15 (P, Bal Month)	 38,400	 9,600	  $     24.63  	 SP-15 (P, Nov-01)	 30,000	 0	  $     24.92  	 SP-15 (P, Dec-01)	 30,000	 0	  $     28.98  	 SP-15 (P, Q1 02)	 30,400	 0	  $     30.50  	 SP-15 (P, Q3 02)	 30,800	 0	  $     45.50  	 SP-15 (P, Q1 03)	 30,400	 0	  $     35.00   	 Grand Total	 1,002,700	 171,225	  $ 1,095.19    
I have a conflict on my calender.   I can meet at 3:00 only on Thursday and will be out on Friday.
I apologize about the previous mistake on the date.  This is for tomorrow afternoon.
Attending from REFCO:
Joe Murphy, CEO Global Refco Futures
Gary Weiss, SVP, Refco Group LLC
I told TJ to coordinate with you.   5:00 pm is fine tommorow.   Please confirm with TJ.
Janet would like to meet with you tomorrow if possible.  Would 5:00 pm work ?  If not, we can go to Thursday.  Please let me know your availability.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Please coordinate with Kay to set up a time that works for both of us.   5:00 pm tomorrow is good.
Janet would like to meet with you tomorrow if possible.  Would 5:00 pm work ?  If not, we can go to Thursday.  Please let me know your availability.
Thanks,
Kay 3-0643
Sold 150 contracts per month of Feb-Mar 02 at 2.81
Sold 50 contracts per month of Nov-Dec 02 at 3.24.
Bought Cal 06 at 3.60.
I am having Lloyd Will review.
Kevin & Tim,
Do these look reasonable.   What are the costs charged to fundies?   The allocations are confusing to me.
Kevin & Tim,
Late afternoon.   Have Fletch and myself interview.   He has already been in here for one interview.
Yes,
Placed a call to him today to setup an interview.  Any times work better for you and the rest of the crew ( late afternoon or early morning 5:30am 
John,
What about Eric Benke?   Did you review his resume?
Kevin,
I didn't work with Ravi directly, however I believe he is extremely well qualified based on his experience. He would likely be a good asset for the group however I do not know exactly in what role (perhaps mid marketing or orig. or as a quant/trader).  What I am not sure of is if he wants to trade.  I will talk to him today and will get back to you.
Your thoughts on this guy for SE cash and/or term spread trader?
Folks Ravi looks like a real strong candidate that we should consider.
He could be helpful in the Ontario market as well.
Thanks.
Hi, LLoyd,   and information. Here is my background information.  I will check with John Suarez and others to get an idea of the scope and depth of the opportunity and will give you my response ASAP.  In the mean time, if you want me to talk to other please let me know.
Education:
B.Sc., M.Sc., (nuclear engineering, engineering science), university of Toronto
CFA, Chartered Financial Analyst charter holder
Experience:
Ontario Hydro, Nuclear design Engineering			1989-1993
General Electric, Advance Nuclear Design			1993-1994
Tenera Energy, Software engineering, safety analysis	1994-1997 
Deloitte & Touche, Capital markets--risk management, NYC	1997-1998
Enron
Enron NA, Research Group				1998-2000 
Enron Broadband Services, Trading			2000-present
References:
Vince Kaminski
Bill White
Greg Woulfe
Paul Racicot (If possible, I would like to keep the discussions confidential until final decision to use Paul's reference).
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@
John,
What about Eric Benke?   Did you review his resume?
Kevin,
I didn't work with Ravi directly, however I believe he is extremely well qualified based on his experience. He would likely be a good asset for the group however I do not know exactly in what role (perhaps mid marketing or orig. or as a quant/trader).  What I am not sure of is if he wants to trade.  I will talk to him today and will get back to you.
Your thoughts on this guy for SE cash and/or term spread trader?
Folks Ravi looks like a real strong candidate that we should consider.
He could be helpful in the Ontario market as well.
Thanks.
Hi, LLoyd,   and information. Here is my background information.  I will check with John Suarez and others to get an idea of the scope and depth of the opportunity and will give you my response ASAP.  In the mean time, if you want me to talk to other please let me know.
Education:
B.Sc., M.Sc., (nuclear engineering, engineering science), university of Toronto
CFA, Chartered Financial Analyst charter holder
Experience:
Ontario Hydro, Nuclear design Engineering			1989-1993
General Electric, Advance Nuclear Design			1993-1994
Tenera Energy, Software engineering, safety analysis	1994-1997 
Deloitte & Touche, Capital markets--risk management, NYC	1997-1998
Enron
Enron NA, Research Group				1998-2000 
Enron Broadband Services, Trading			2000-present
References:
Vince Kaminski
Bill White
Greg Woulfe
Paul Racicot (If possible, I would like to keep the discussions confidential until final decision to use Paul's reference).
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@
I received your voice mail and I'm OK with electronic signatures.   However, for the 1st 60 days, I still want to review.
thanks.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
Your thoughts on this guy for SE cash and/or term spread trader?
Folks Ravi looks like a real strong candidate that we should consider.
He could be helpful in the Ontario market as well.
Thanks.
Hi, LLoyd,   and information. Here is my background information.  I will check with John Suarez and others to get an idea of the scope and depth of the opportunity and will give you my response ASAP.  In the mean time, if you want me to talk to other please let me know.
Education:
B.Sc., M.Sc., (nuclear engineering, engineering science), university of Toronto
CFA, Chartered Financial Analyst charter holder
Experience:
Ontario Hydro, Nuclear design Engineering			1989-1993
General Electric, Advance Nuclear Design			1993-1994
Tenera Energy, Software engineering, safety analysis	1994-1997 
Deloitte & Touche, Capital markets--risk management, NYC	1997-1998
Enron
Enron NA, Research Group				1998-2000 
Enron Broadband Services, Trading			2000-present
References:
Vince Kaminski
Bill White
Greg Woulfe
Paul Racicot (If possible, I would like to keep the discussions confidential until final decision to use Paul's reference).
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@
Ok.
Kevin -
I want to be there for the first pitch b/c you know Bonds will bat in the first inning.  Dale and I are going to wrap things up at 5:00 so as soon as you are free let me know.
RH
Please provide my asst. (TJ Black @ 3-5800) with meeting time and location.
I have comfimation from Jim Goughary (Gasoline), John Wilson (Distillate), Bill White (Crude) and John Arnold has confirmed either himself or someone from his group.  There are really no West Power financial products at the moment, so I after talking to Tim Belden, we are just keeping him in the loop  
JC
I will attend only if the whole group is represented (gas, oil, west power, and east power).   Once we have confirmation for all relevant parties, please let me know.
Kevin 
As I said in a previous email , Joe Murphy, CEO of Refco Global Futures and Gary Weiss, SVP Refco Group Ltd. LLC will be here Thursday afternoon through dinner to further our discussions for providing a hosted marketplace where Enron would stream products with wider bid/offer and smaller volume to their "retail" customer base 
The purpose of their visit is to firm up our discussion so that we can start drafting a term sheet for the deal. 
I have carved out 1 hour this Thursday Oct 4 from 4:30 to 5:30pm in EB 27C2 to discuss the products that we currently make markets in and the volumes Refco currently handles for their customers.
Would you or someone in your group be interested in attending?  Several of the guys from the Oil & Refined products group will be there and I am waiting to hear if John Arnold or a representative of his will attend.  Let me know.
John Cummings 
You can count me in.   We can have 3 hours of EES bashing.
Thanks.
Kevin -
I had the company tickets to the Tuesday, September 11 game against the Giants that was cancelled.  It will be re-played tomorrow evening.  I was going to see if you and Dale Furrow wanted to go (Berney is out of town) and maybe Lavo or Richter.  I think Bonds has 69 homers and very well might hit 70 tomorrow.
Let me know if you would like to join us.
RH
I will attend only if the whole group is represented (gas, oil, west power, and east power).   Once we have confirmation for all relevant parties, please let me know.
Kevin
As I said in a previous email , Joe Murphy, CEO of Refco Global Futures and Gary Weiss, SVP Refco Group Ltd. LLC will be here Thursday afternoon through dinner to further our discussions for providing a hosted marketplace where Enron would stream products with wider bid/offer and smaller volume to their "retail" customer base 
The purpose of their visit is to firm up our discussion so that we can start drafting a term sheet for the deal.
I have carved out 1 hour this Thursday Oct 4 from 4:30 to 5:30pm in EB 27C2 to discuss the products that we currently make markets in and the volumes Refco currently handles for their customers.
Would you or someone in your group be interested in attending?  Several of the guys from the Oil & Refined products group will be there and I am waiting to hear if John Arnold or a representative of his will attend.  Let me know.
John Cummings 
You are right.   They are on crack.   This would be at least $3.50/Mwh over Cin.   They have gas deliverability issues in the winter and there alternative fuel is No. 2 oil.   Therefore, CPL East is a big premium Nov-Mar.   The bid/offer for this location is large due to transmission risk.
FYI.  CP&L is bidding for Nov-Dec'01, 5x16, into CPL-East, 100MW.  Bid $22 for Nov., and $23 for Dec.  I've seen trades in this area go for premiums to Cinergy and PJM, so I think they're on crack for showing this.  They have no offer. 
Billy Braddock
Manager - Enron Power Marketing Inc.
713-345-7877 (work)
713-646-4940 (fax)
713-503-2166 (cell)
I have been getting lots of requests from our friends.   I'm just giving you a heads up.   I have no problem with the URM group, unless, of course, they become part of EES.
Kevin -
The rest are EWS employees (URM).  I haven't even considered giving the others any access.
RH
I am getting more like you every day.   Given what's going on in EES right now, I don't trust anyone.   Therefore, I am going to allow access to the portal to only EWS employees that you are comfortable with.   Obviously, this includes Dale.   With respect to the rest of the EES group, I am not going to grant access until the entire organization is doing the right thing for Enron's shareholders.
Rika -
Please grant Dale full access and the others should receive the scaled down version 
Thanks,
Rogers
Full access of the complete portal should be limited to core contract employees only.   We have a scaled down version that we have made available to the marketing group.
Rika -
I would like to add the following Utility Risk Management (URM) Leads to the East Power Portal Access List:
Dale Furrow
Mark Ulrich
Sunil Vaze
Scott Stoness
Andy Anderson
Colin Carlsen
Jeff Rudolph
Andrew Kosnaski
Commodity Risk Mgmt:
Jeff Merola
DSM Risk Management - Kevin - are you ok with these:
Greg Woulfe 
Beth Jenkins
Ozzie Pagan
Rogers,
Jeff Merola and I would like to get access to East Power Portal.  Who should we talk to?
Marc Ulrich
Please send an e-mail to "Experience Enron" and let them know the tours need to be conducted as far away from the trading floor as possible and limited to no longer than 5 minutes.   I don't want any of our screens visible to the customers, not matter who they are.
Thanks.
Please follow-up with this guy.   Looks like a retail load aggregator looking for wholesale supply.
I received this note from the EES Business Center.  The caller, John Grace, is interested in starting a retail electricity business and is looking for supply.  Can you pass this on to the appropriate person in your organization?  Or would you like me to follow-up.  His number is 713-662-3246.  Thanks.
Eric
Hi Eric,
I apologize for coming to you with this, but I don't know where to go to ask for assistance regarding a particular customer call I'd received in the Business Center.  I've capture the information in the print screen 
Do you think you could help lead me to the appropriate person who can assist with this matter?
Thank you much,
Margaux
How many days do I have left?
Just a reminder that we are coming up to the end of the year and that you will be able to roll over 40 HOURS or ONE WEEK of vacation time.  Should you have more that 40 hours please try and use them before the end of the year so that you don't loose them.  I do have a print out of the vacation time if you need to verify your current balance.
Thank you,
T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760
Lloyd - Don't worry about the formatting.   After playing around some more, I have a new way that works fine for me.    The main issue is keeping the database live with all of the historical information.    We can figure out how to format.
thanks.
Rika & Alan I have attached a document that has some additional changes that Kevin would like.
Also Rika please consider gather a couple of your powerusers and we can review this app for other refinements.
Alan can you look at the interchange cube as 2002 is not showing up.
Thanks.
Please ensure that real-time prices for ERCOT, PJM, NY, and NEPOOL are added to the cube database.   I have been analyzing the data today and the real-time clearing prices are not there.
Thanks.
Kevin Presto
East Power Trading
Phone:  713-853-5035
Cell:  713-854-3923
Fax:  713-646-8272
No interest.
Please let me know if you might be interested...thanks Tjae
Trying to send this again, because the original message bounced back to me.
Mark Frevert has purchased 4 tickets for the Houston Aeros 2001-02 season, for use by all business units, the same way as the Astros tickets.  This is the Aeros first year in the American Hockey League.  Their first game is on October 12th, go to   to see the full schedule.
Our seats are located in Section 108, Row R, Seats 1-4.
If your group in interested in using these tickets, please give me a call (x33497 
In addition, I have 3 invitations (each admit 2 people) to the "Meet the Team Party" on Tuesday, 2nd October.  If you would like to attend, please let me know.  The party will be held at the Compaq Center from 6pm to 8pm.
,
Nicki
Nicki Daw
Enron Corp
Tel: 713 853 3497
Fax: 713 646 3330
Please grant full access to Dale Furrow in retail risk management.   Dale is a VP under contract and is a key member of the retail risk management staff.
With respect to the URM employees under Dale, please grant them the more limited access.
With respect to the EES employees (Ozzie, Beth, Greg Woulfe), I do not want any access granted at all.
I am getting more like you every day.   Given what's going on in EES right now, I don't trust anyone.   Therefore, I am going to allow access to the portal to only EWS employees that you are comfortable with.   Obviously, this includes Dale.   With respect to the rest of the EES group, I am not going to grant access until the entire organization is doing the right thing for Enron's shareholders.
Rika -
Please grant Dale full access and the others should receive the scaled down version 
Thanks,
Rogers
Full access of the complete portal should be limited to core contract employees only.   We have a scaled down version that we have made available to the marketing group.
Rika -
I would like to add the following Utility Risk Management (URM) Leads to the East Power Portal Access List:
Dale Furrow
Mark Ulrich
Sunil Vaze
Scott Stoness
Andy Anderson
Colin Carlsen
Jeff Rudolph
Andrew Kosnaski
Commodity Risk Mgmt:
Jeff Merola
DSM Risk Management - Kevin - are you ok with these:
Greg Woulfe 
Beth Jenkins
Ozzie Pagan
Rogers,
Jeff Merola and I would like to get access to East Power Portal.  Who should we talk to?
Marc Ulrich
Excellent update Mike.   We have good momentum with some key "players" on the ropes.   I view the next two months as critical in moving the Midwest to one functional market.
Back in May the MidWest regulatory team received two instructions.  Firstly, build a market in the MidWest that uses LMP to clear real time settlements and secondly ensure that that there is one market operator/RTO (i think the phrase was 'kill the Alliance' or something along those lines 
The strategy we have, and continue to employ to achieve this is twofold: 
- work with the MISO to reshape its day 2 congestion management proposal based on the above instructions.  The MISO is currently proposing a market design consistent with that set out in May (a strawpaper will be circulated in October that i will send around for comment).
- marginalise the Alliance proposal by focusing on its governance structure (all decision rights held by incumbents) while educating stakeholders on the benefits of moving to a more transparent market platform such as that proposed by MISO.  Alliance is currently imploding; one member has left (Detroit Edison) and five are rumoured to be considering their options (Consumers follow DTE to MISO and VEPCO, FE, Comed/Exelon and AEP to PJM).  It is unclear whether these rumours have much basis but as a result of the recent flurry of filing (and more importantly protest) activity, it is clear that the Alliance proposal is totally unacceptable to all stakeholders.
In the last 2 weeks, Enron responded to the following filings: 
- MISO and Alliance 120 day compliance filings. 
- Alliance business plan. 
- National Grid proposal to become Alliance managing member. 
- ITC (Detroit Edison) joining MISO. 
To summarise these pleadings Enron asked FERC to mandate 1 RTO in the MidWest and set out the its favored governance and market structures (there was a high degree of support from all stakeholder groupings although Enron was the only party to ask for this guidance directly).  On Wednesday FERC took a step in this direction, stating that it wanted a standard market design throughout the US (FERC is believed to support PJM) and that the MidWest structure warranted direct attention in the near future.  Alliance stakeholders took a further step by voting to suspend Alliance market development activities and fold these activities into the MISO process to ensure consistency across the region.
We are also working on further responses to the Alliance 120 day compliance, the MISO/Alliance generator interconnection and a similar intervention in the Indiana state proceeding for transfer of assets to the RTOs to add further weight to Enron's arguments.
So we are seeing action as a result of consistent pressure.  I am now comfortable saying that we are close to achieving the goal (but the fat lady hasn't started her last stanza yet, the Alliance will likely continue to wriggle a little in the coming months )....the downside being that and there is a high probability that the combined MISO/Alliance RTO) will not begin operations on 12/15/01.  So the task in the next month will most likely change from beating up on the incumbents to reconciliation in an effort to get one functional RTO in the MidWest as quickly as possible.
Mike 
I bought 10,000 MMbtu/day of Cal 04 NYMEX NG at 3.315 and 3.32 from Arnold this afternoon.
Full access of the complete portal should be limited to core contract employees only.   We have a scaled down version that we have made available to the marketing group.
Rika -
I would like to add the following Utility Risk Management (URM) Leads to the East Power Portal Access List:
Dale Furrow
Mark Ulrich
Sunil Vaze
Scott Stoness
Andy Anderson
Colin Carlsen
Jeff Rudolph
Andrew Kosnaski
Commodity Risk Mgmt:
Jeff Merola
DSM Risk Management - Kevin - are you ok with these:
Greg Woulfe 
Beth Jenkins
Ozzie Pagan
Rogers,
Jeff Merola and I would like to get access to East Power Portal.  Who should we talk to?
Marc Ulrich
Make sure Rogers is at this meeting.
this goes back to my question on the portfolio. We cannot serve these customers from the get go as effectively as the incumbent portfolios so we are going to have to make the decision somewhere that we want the load and that we will need some 'loss-leaders'. I am working on this for our own deals and this will be reflected in our curves.
I have not heard anything more on the deals lost since the last report showing we were pretty competitive. If they have a problem with the curves I would like to hear it directly. I have a meeting with Janet next week and I will go over this issue and the Ader issue then.
We are losing lots of deals in ERCOT on price.  This is part of the reason they are being so aggressive with customers and alternative suppliers.   I have received this feedback directly from Rogers and Janet.
thanks for the info. 
Until we straighten this out internally we will just look ridiculous in front of the customer. Once again, this is an obvious wholesale product. I am happy to compete on price, the question is how much damage does this do externally.
Doug
Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face.
Tom,
Will you be available for the following visit?  This is another large group...  In order to keep this from being disruptive, we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews.  These overviews should only be 10 minutes in length.  One would be at 11:00 am and the other at 11:15 am.
Let me know if this is a possibility.
Thanks.
Jennifer
Date:		Monday, October 1
Time:		11:00 am
Visitor:		Cities Aggregation Power Project (17 of them)
Enron Host:	Michelle Robichaux, Representative National Energy Sales
Value Prop:	EES is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the PTB for an aggregated load of 70 Texas municipals.
Objectives:	I would like CAPP to leave knowing just how different Enron is from its competitors.  This would include Enron's risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities.
Jennifer Brockwell
Enron Corporate Marketing
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002
713-345-7358
713-853-6790 fax
jennifer.brockwell@
We are losing lots of deals in ERCOT on price.  This is part of the reason they are being so aggressive with customers and alternative suppliers.   I have received this feedback directly from Rogers and Janet.
thanks for the info. 
Until we straighten this out internally we will just look ridiculous in front of the customer. Once again, this is an obvious wholesale product. I am happy to compete on price, the question is how much damage does this do externally.
Doug
Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face.
Tom,
Will you be available for the following visit?  This is another large group...  In order to keep this from being disruptive, we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews.  These overviews should only be 10 minutes in length.  One would be at 11:00 am and the other at 11:15 am.
Let me know if this is a possibility.
Thanks.
Jennifer
Date:		Monday, October 1
Time:		11:00 am
Visitor:		Cities Aggregation Power Project (17 of them)
Enron Host:	Michelle Robichaux, Representative National Energy Sales
Value Prop:	EES is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the PTB for an aggregated load of 70 Texas municipals.
Objectives:	I would like CAPP to leave knowing just how different Enron is from its competitors.  This would include Enron's risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities.
Jennifer Brockwell
Enron Corporate Marketing
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002
713-345-7358
713-853-6790 fax
jennifer.brockwell@
Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face.
Tom,
Will you be available for the following visit?  This is another large group...  In order to keep this from being disruptive, we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews.  These overviews should only be 10 minutes in length.  One would be at 11:00 am and the other at 11:15 am.
Let me know if this is a possibility.
Thanks.
Jennifer
Date:		Monday, October 1
Time:		11:00 am
Visitor:		Cities Aggregation Power Project (17 of them)
Enron Host:	Michelle Robichaux, Representative National Energy Sales
Value Prop:	EES is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the PTB for an aggregated load of 70 Texas municipals.
Objectives:	I would like CAPP to leave knowing just how different Enron is from its competitors.  This would include Enron's risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities.
Jennifer Brockwell
Enron Corporate Marketing
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002
713-345-7358
713-853-6790 fax
jennifer.brockwell@
I talked to him this morning and feels comfortable with his marks.   He is long, so he better.   Like I told you yesterday, I wouldn't hesitate to to be more aggressive on the front in ERCOT, particularly in the North where Doug is long.
I'll keep you posted.
FYI.
One thing to note is the recurring hammering I receive because we are uncompetitive in TX.  If Doug's curves are inacurate then we need to resolve.
RH
Jay, our group has been literally blown out of the water with the commodity parcel approach as tested in the TX market this quarter.   It is very important that we schedule some dedicated time with Rogers to better understand our product limitations in the market.  I will look to you to arrange this 
Instead of enabling larger deals through partial commodity master agreement placement, we have only succeeded in impugning the integrity of our larger offering.
Deals now wounded include:
ICI
Miller/Kraft
AGF
Crown Cork
Heartland (Collins and Aikman, Metaldyne)
MES has scheduled a 1/2 day offsite 10/16 with Blachman.  (Please set time aside to attend) Hopefully, Dave Delainey and Janet will also participate.  At that off site, the originators will present a comprehensive sales plan that effectively lays out the prospecting and closing process against approximately 50 companies over the next 5 quarters.  Efforts will be specifically delineated across commodity in places we have product, with milestones for master/confirm placement and associated gross margin (MTM), plus concurrent timelines for DSM as well.
All this means nothing if we continue to get hammered in the commodity marketplace, however.  If we cannot be competitive with either price or product structure, then we must once again rethink our macro approach to the market.
Miller has indicated to us this afternoon (informally) that our bid was not one of the top two they are considering.  Both Jeff and I are continuing to follow-up with Miller to see if there is anything we can do, but it appears our pricing fell short (we quoted $38.80/MWh, which was $1/MWh below the desk offer of $39.80).  Please call if you would like to discuss.
Thanks
These are not good fills.   When I gave the order DIS was trading at 21.87 (21.86 at 21.88).   I can understand 2-3 cents but not 9 cents.
sold 2,100 DIS @ 21.81
sold 12,900 DIS @ 21.78
ave price 21.7842
EOG price in a second
David L. Shine
Vice President-Investments
UBS PaineWebber
1111 Bagby, Suite 5100
Houston, Texas 77002
(713) 654-0396  Direct
(800) 553-3119  Toll Free
(713) 654-4723  Fax
FYI.
Some South East Power infomation 
Industry notes on curtailments and closures
RandomLengths
09/27/2001
Plywood/OSB
Advanced Wood Resources, Brownsville, Ore., will cease all operations as of November 20. "Severe competition from the lower-priced OSB, combined with challenging economic conditions and rising costs associated with increased environmental standards," were cited as reasons for the closure.
Georgia-Pacific has announced plans to shut down nine plywood mills in the South for one week starting October 1 to replenish log supplies.
Hunt Forest Products will shut down its plywood mill in Natalbany, La., for one week starting October 1 due to tight log supplies.
LP has announced market-related downtime at most of its U.S. and Canadian OSB mills. Most of the mills will be down a minimum of one week, starting October 8. Plants in Sagola, Mich., and Jasper, Texas, will be down the week of October 1. Hayward, Wis., will be down the week of October 15. Carthage, Texas, will be down the week of September 24. And Silsbee, Texas, will be down the week of October 8 and for four to six weeks thereafter for a press rebuild.
Willamette Industries' plywood mill in Dodson, La., will shut down the week of September 24 for scheduled maintenance.
LUMBER
Harwood Products, Branscomb, Calif., has cut production by 20% due to market conditions
Weyerhaeuser will close its three Cedar sawmills in British Columbia for an indefinite duration beginning next week. Market conditions were cited.
Canadian Forest Products will reduce output at its sawmills in British Columbia and Alberta by an estimated 70 million board feet during October.
Abitibi Consolidated plans to cut production by about 25% at all of its sawmills over the next four weeks. "Market conditions and supplemental export costs" were cited as reasons for the curtailments.
Slocan Forest Products will reduce production by 30 million board feet by curtailing production the first week of October
For more information, visit RandomLengths 
Roger Dieringer
Corporate Supply Manager - Energy
936.788.9759  Phone
936.524.0609  Cellular Phone
888.710-0640  Pager
The loss is part of the $1.45 million.  The loss occurred due to generator repairs.
Have you heard anything about the $1.1 MM loss from the sale?
Stacey
My management book is going to take this $1.45 million hit
Kevin,
Please let me know what you have found out about the following costs (see red section below) related to New Albany.  I have to account for these by Monday afternoon (final month-end DPR), at the latest, so I need to know if you are taking the hits in your book or if Lavo is reimbursing you from office of the chair.
Thanks,
Stacey
FYI - estimate for Unit 3 Repair $1.45MM.  Also, attached is the $1.1MM loss on sale calc.
theresa
Theresa,
I think that it might make sense to visit briefly about your calculation.  As you mentioned, OEC is supposed to be paid certain amounts and will have various obligations to pay significant portions of the amounts paid to it to third parties.  In addition, the latest estimate of the costs to fix the Unit #3 generator is $1.45 million (without any reimbursement from insurance proceeds).  I just want to make sure that your calculation has everything in it because a few minor things have changed.
Finally, relative to the possibility of a third quarter close, we are at the mercy and timing of the FERC and cannot close without the required regulatory approval even if both Duke and Enron desire to do so.
Stuart
Stuart/Jon - I have updated the Loss calc for New Albany with actuals thru August.  Forecasted Loss is $1.1MM.  Please let me know if you have any changes to the reserve.  Any OEC costs associated with closing the facility will be accrued in September to the LLC and are not included as part of this calc.  Please call me with any questions.
Trey/Susan - I just found out yesterday that they are trying to close this next week - 3rd quarter deal. 
theresa 
x58173 
Calender
Please plan to attend the Enron Americas Staff Meeting with Louise and John on Tuesday, October 16th.  The details are listed below:
Time:		4:00-5:00 p.m.
Location:	EB30C1
For those of you that need to call in to the meeting, the dial-in numbers are listed below:
Dial-in:			877-232-4392
International dial-in:	601-354-1086
Participant code:	214268
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks!
Tammie Schoppe
Enron Americas-Office of the Chair
Assistant to Louise Kitchen
713.853.4220 office 
713.646.8562 fax
713.253.2131 mobile
My management book is going to take this $1.45 million hit
Kevin,
Please let me know what you have found out about the following costs (see red section below) related to New Albany.  I have to account for these by Monday afternoon (final month-end DPR), at the latest, so I need to know if you are taking the hits in your book or if Lavo is reimbursing you from office of the chair.
Thanks,
Stacey
FYI - estimate for Unit 3 Repair $1.45MM.  Also, attached is the $1.1MM loss on sale calc.
theresa
Theresa,
I think that it might make sense to visit briefly about your calculation.  As you mentioned, OEC is supposed to be paid certain amounts and will have various obligations to pay significant portions of the amounts paid to it to third parties.  In addition, the latest estimate of the costs to fix the Unit #3 generator is $1.45 million (without any reimbursement from insurance proceeds).  I just want to make sure that your calculation has everything in it because a few minor things have changed.
Finally, relative to the possibility of a third quarter close, we are at the mercy and timing of the FERC and cannot close without the required regulatory approval even if both Duke and Enron desire to do so.
Stuart
Stuart/Jon - I have updated the Loss calc for New Albany with actuals thru August.  Forecasted Loss is $1.1MM.  Please let me know if you have any changes to the reserve.  Any OEC costs associated with closing the facility will be accrued in September to the LLC and are not included as part of this calc.  Please call me with any questions.
Trey/Susan - I just found out yesterday that they are trying to close this next week - 3rd quarter deal. 
theresa 
x58173 
Thanks for the info Mike.   Our real-time market is a complete piece everywhere ($10-18/Mwh).   Generators are beginning to puke MW again.
Some South East Power infomation 
Industry notes on curtailments and closures
RandomLengths
09/27/2001
Plywood/OSB
Advanced Wood Resources, Brownsville, Ore., will cease all operations as of November 20. "Severe competition from the lower-priced OSB, combined with challenging economic conditions and rising costs associated with increased environmental standards," were cited as reasons for the closure.
Georgia-Pacific has announced plans to shut down nine plywood mills in the South for one week starting October 1 to replenish log supplies.
Hunt Forest Products will shut down its plywood mill in Natalbany, La., for one week starting October 1 due to tight log supplies.
LP has announced market-related downtime at most of its U.S. and Canadian OSB mills. Most of the mills will be down a minimum of one week, starting October 8. Plants in Sagola, Mich., and Jasper, Texas, will be down the week of October 1. Hayward, Wis., will be down the week of October 15. Carthage, Texas, will be down the week of September 24. And Silsbee, Texas, will be down the week of October 8 and for four to six weeks thereafter for a press rebuild.
Willamette Industries' plywood mill in Dodson, La., will shut down the week of September 24 for scheduled maintenance.
LUMBER
Harwood Products, Branscomb, Calif., has cut production by 20% due to market conditions
Weyerhaeuser will close its three Cedar sawmills in British Columbia for an indefinite duration beginning next week. Market conditions were cited.
Canadian Forest Products will reduce output at its sawmills in British Columbia and Alberta by an estimated 70 million board feet during October.
Abitibi Consolidated plans to cut production by about 25% at all of its sawmills over the next four weeks. "Market conditions and supplemental export costs" were cited as reasons for the curtailments.
Slocan Forest Products will reduce production by 30 million board feet by curtailing production the first week of October
For more information, visit RandomLengths 
Roger Dieringer
Corporate Supply Manager - Energy
936.788.9759  Phone
936.524.0609  Cellular Phone
888.710-0640  Pager
Could you please make sure this is on my calender and ensure that Jeff Keenan and Dave Duran are also aware of this meeting.
Thanks.
I had your email address wrong so the note below was returned.  Sorry about
that.  Hopefully you will get it this time.
John
They are pursuing because I requested to pursue.   The reason for the e-mail is to place management emphasis on this opportunity.
Both John Llodra and Don Miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week.  Essentially, these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place.
John/Don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward. 
As most of you know, NRG's proposed purchase of two coal plants in Conneticut (UI's territory) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at FERC.   The purchase and sale transaction between Wisvest and NRG was originally entered into almost two years ago.   The proposed purchase price of $350 million for 1000 MW of coal was a "bargain price" at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of CT.
Over the past 2-3 years, the State of Conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and Wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they "puked" the plants to NRG for $350/kW in early 2000.   At a minimum, it is expected that $100-150/kW of SCR and/or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the CT regulatory bodies.
My strong view is that, as a practical matter, the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in CT.   The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect.   The load pocket is significantly short MW and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area.   In a true "locational marginal price" environment, the prices would likely be similar to Zone J in New York   Currently, pricing in NEPOOL is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads, regardless of who causes the congestion  
In the recently proposed "single NE RTO" model, it is about 80% certain that the PJM "locational marginal price" market model will be implemented sometime between mid-2003 and mid-2004.   At that point in time, consumers in the congested areas of NEPOOL (in-city Boston and CT) will be exposed to higher energy prices, while consumers in Maine, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island should see lower prices.
Given the facts above, coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets, I think EWS should pursue discussions with Wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in NEPOOL and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset "node  
If we could buy these plants for approx $250/kW with $150/kW of environmental upgrades, the resulting "all-in" (depr, fixed & variable O&M, fuel costs, NOx, SO2, capital reserve, interest) 7x24 plant cost would be approx. $34-36/Mwh.    This is lower than our energy only socialized NEPOOL curve.   Additional upside is derived from positive basis, ICAP, ancillary services, emissions allowances, and long term requirements sales to LSE's.
Lavo and Louise - This could be the "Alberta PPA" for 2002.   Lots of "hair" but lots of upside.
Any thoughts?
As most of you know, NRG's proposed purchase of two coal plants in Conneticut (UI's territory) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at FERC.   The purchase and sale transaction between Wisvest and NRG was originally entered into almost two years ago.   The proposed purchase price of $350 million for 1000 MW of coal was a "bargain price" at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of CT.
Over the past 2-3 years, the State of Conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and Wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they "puked" the plants to NRG for $350/kW in early 2000.   At a minimum, it is expected that $100-150/kW of SCR and/or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the CT regulatory bodies.
My strong view is that, as a practical matter, the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in CT.   The area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire Eastern Interconnect.   The load pocket is significantly short MW and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area.   In a true "locational marginal price" environment, the prices would likely be similar to Zone J in New York   Currently, pricing in NEPOOL is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads, regardless of who causes the congestion  
In the recently proposed "single NE RTO" model, it is about 80% certain that the PJM "locational marginal price" market model will be implemented sometime between mid-2003 and mid-2004.   At that point in time, consumers in the congested areas of NEPOOL (in-city Boston and CT) will be exposed to higher energy prices, while consumers in Maine, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island should see lower prices.
Given the facts above, coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets, I think EWS should pursue discussions with Wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in NEPOOL and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset "node  
If we could buy these plants for approx $250/kW with $150/kW of environmental upgrades, the resulting "all-in" (depr, fixed & variable O&M, fuel costs, NOx, SO2, capital reserve, interest) 7x24 plant cost would be approx. $34-36/Mwh.    This is lower than our energy only socialized NEPOOL curve.   Additional upside is derived from positive basis, ICAP, ancillary services, emissions allowances, and long term requirements sales to LSE's.
Lavo and Louise - This could be the "Alberta PPA" for 2002.   Lots of "hair" but lots of upside.
Any thoughts?
How exactly are we exposed?
Kevin & John -
We will likely experience significant exposure as a result of force majeure related to the recent WTC events.  A preliminary assessment is as follows:
Total exposure $7MM - $10MM.  This assumes we lose the entire contractual commitment.
Largest Exposure:  American Express - approximately $5.5 - $6.0 MM
Mass Market Customers: - approximately $1.5 MM
I am also anticipating additional credit related exposure.
We are assessing this exposure and will be determining how best to mitigate.
Rogers
Rika,
Please provide an analyst to support this effort.   This information will benefit both EWS and EES as we move toward combining the genco/control area/unit dispatch function in the new building.   You may want to request additional support from Jim Meyn's group, as this will ultimately effect structuring valuation.
Rika , as we discussed yesterday, the Physical Options Desk at EES is supporting products such as Load Curtailment and Distributed Generation.  The nature of these products puts specific restrictions on availability in terms of available hours for curtailing and generating.  Specifically, with curtailment a customer would not want Enron to be in a position to require the shut down of a manufacturing process all of the time, but through inventory management, they are able to allow some flexibility, with distributed generation, environmental limitations on emissions will likely define the number of hours an asset is available.  We anticipate a typical transaction to be restricted in hours to 500-2000 per year.
As a result of the hourly limitation, the call options need to be priced as, for lack of a better term, super-peaking options.  Today, our models, and price curves allow for 4 hour block pricing of these products.  We do not, however, have our daily volatility curves in the same granularity.  This is where the support of your group is requested.  We would like for you all to use historical hourly data to determine the appropriate scalars for the daily volatility.  We will be supporting NY Zones A, G  and J, NEPOOL, PJM and ERCOT and would like to take an look at each of these markets for individual scalars for each.
I understand that we have data to do the analysis, and simply need to decide the appropriate course of action and do it.  I anticipate it will take a single person one week to complete this task.  I have spoken with Kevin Presto and he has committed the resources to me.  Please let me know when today you are available to discuss further 
Thank you.
Beth Jenkins
x58023
What do you need from me?   Do you want me to meet with him?  talk to him on the phone?   go to lunch?    is he looking for a job?    As you can see, I don't have much information of the objective here.
Kevin,
It looks like Tuesday morning will work best for Erik.  I am supposed to meet with him at 9:00 am Tuesday morning, but
am flexible if that time works for you.  Just let me know what time is ideal and I will schedule it with Erik.
Visit our website at  
This message contains confidential information and is intended only
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.
E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed,
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or
related financial instruments.
Let's go ahead and release.
I think I've cleared the final issues relating to implementing the new methodology.  The attached file should contain all the impacted portfolio's and related VAR change.  I would like to implement tonight, however I understand that you may need to comment, so I await your feedback.  VaR decreases in both regions, pending on portfolio.
In summary, these factors reflect the following changes (improvements 
?	Changed correlation measure to fixed contract instead of using prompt price history
?	Extended factors out past prompt month to 24 months, (previously was for prompt month only) 
o	Repeating last 12 months (seasonality) for 120 months, and scaled by ff vol
?	Updated jumps from 1998 (impacts intra month books)
o	Introduced regionally correlated jumps
?	Mapped F curves to appropriate R and B curves (partially implemented)
?	Captured gas leg in spread option (already implemented)
?	Captured gas leg in heat rate swaps (already implemented)
?	Corrected incorrect curve codes and data input relating to risk type (already implemented)
On our to do list, is the smoothing of FFvol curve combined with the introduction of more factors to model (40). (improving correlations and decreasing VAR instability)  Additionally, we are looking at trying to introduce a fast Fourier transformation to resolve Monte Carlo modeling issues regarding number of simulations.  Convolution VAR will allow us to increase number and accuracy of simulations.
Thank you for your patience, I realize in many ways that this has been a long road.
Thanks,
Frank
No, my understanding was we were going to give them curve access.   I never agreed to give them the fundies data.
Kevin,
I just wanted to confirm that I can go ahead and give Metastock and Cube access to the equity group. 
Heather Kendall
Erin Willis
Todd Litton
Thanks 
Rika 
You have the right Kevin Presto.   I have been employed at Enron now for almost 7 years.   I currently oversee the company's power trading and marketing business in the Eastern US.    Unfortunately, I spend entirely too much time at work, but I love the job and Enron's culture in general.
How are you doing?   I have not seen any of my Tri-City classmates in many years.   I think the last time I saw you was at Mark Bayless' wedding (85-86?) if my memory is correct.
Where is your job located and what work have you done with Enron?
Hi Kevin,
Apologies if this is the wrong Kevin Presto, but I ran across your name
on the Enron website.  In my previous job, I used to do a lot of work
with Enron on overseas ventures and was surprised to see your name on
the website.  Did you grow up in the Tri-Cities, Washington, and attend
Bethlehem Lutheran School?  If so, I am not sure if you remember me, but
I also went to BLS and was your classmate.
Drop me a line if I have the right person.  Would be interested to
hear about your work at Enron and what you have done in the interim
after leaving Washington state.
Chris Engstrom
Canes play Penn State at College Station and the natty market made a new low today.
Give me a call this weekend.   I'm taking the fellas out for drinks this afternoon.
Kev,
How is the gas market?
Who do the Canes play this weekend?
How's everything going?   Give me a call when you get a chance.
Let's try to get 8 playoff tickets for the desk.
Kevin,
Please let me know if you are interested in purchasing tickets.
Tjae
It's that time of year again as the Houston Astros are on track to clinch their 4th Central Division title in five years and return playoff baseball to Houston and for the first time at Enron Field.  The Corporate Marketing team is currently finalizing all ticket issues with the Astros for the Division Series, League Championship Series and the World Series.  Please find below a schedule of possible playoff games to be played at Enron Field and information regarding purchasing your season tickets for the 2001 playoffs 
2001 Home Playoff Schedule
*Please note that home field advantage for a given series depends on various factors including a team's record and various other factors.  Therefore, the exact number of games to be played in Houston cannot be determined until each series.
Division Series (DS 
Home Field Advantage:		October 2, 3, 7
No Home Field Advantage:	October 5, 6
League Championship Series (LCS 
Home Field Advantage:		October 9, 10, 16, 17
No Home Field Advantage:	October 12, 13, 14
World Series (WS):			October 20, 21, 27, 28
2001 Playoff Ticket Information
Step 1	Determine if  you want to purchase your playoff tickets with the same location as your season tickets for account #132871 (sec. 113, row 30, seats 5-8).
- Playoff ticket price including Division Series, League Championship Series, World Series and a parking pass is $4,865.00 (4 Seats)
Step 2	Please provide us your current CO# and Cost Center information so we my appropriately code your account and or please reply if you would like to decline your 	playoff tickets.
*Please note that should the Astros not play all of the scheduled games, your company and cost center will be refunded for the unplayed games.
We ask that you please respond via email by Wednesday, September 5th.  If you have any questions or if we can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to call David Tagliarino (3-7883) or Greg Grissom (5-8741).
Greg Grissom
Please print and save for our Lake McQueeney trip.   We should plan a mid-September trip to New Braunfels.
Kevin -
Definitely get in touch with Mickey Ferrell (Ferrille?) Realtors - The McQueeney office (not the Seguin office).  The phone number is 830-557-5824.  Ask to work with Jackie specifically.  Jackie knows Elizabeth's family, The Otts, and me.  I am better friends with her husband - he drives boats and teaches kids how to ski for the Ski Lodge.
You will find a wide variety of homes on McQueeney.  The balance will be between location, lot size and how nice you may want the existing structure to be.  As for location, the prime areas will be:
1) Near the Lake Breeze Ski Lodge (near the Ott's house) 
2) Water front on and around "the Island"  (just as nice maybe nicer- more to choose from)
3) Waterfront "Up-River"  - Generally larger lots, less consistency in quality of homes
Expect values from $150 - $250k for a lot only.  houses will run from $350k - your limit.  Last time we were on the lake I noticed several new For Sale signs as you would expect.
The more I think about it, this lake is ideal for where you live.  It takes me 2:20 ish from my house and should take you no more than 2 hours from where you live today.
Let me know how things are going and if you are ever planning to head up there I will check my schedule and show you around if possible.  One thing to consider is going up on a Saturday morning and getting a room at The Lake Breeze Ski Lodge.  Drive around with Jackie during the am/afternoon and get Sambo (Jackie's husband) to take you and the family out on the boat for an hour or so (Sambo has a couple of Ski Nautiques).  The lodge has a great pool, bar, dining, and playground.  It is open weekends only through mid October I believe.  Open full time while school is out.  Rooms are about $65 and they are what you would expect.  A nice family/social place on the lake.  Of course, if we are there, we would be happy to take everyone out on the boats and such, but if we aren't everything is accessible through the lodge.
Good luck,
RH
Check to see if King or Herndon know him from their days at Dynegy.
Any interest.
Seems like an experienced physical trader for NE MW or SE.
Lloyd,
To whom should I send this resume?  By the way, great presentation on Friday?
Thanks,
Johnny
I am not going to make an into-GTC market.   I'm going to make an on the GTC market which is significantly different.   I do not want to educate the market on the difference.
Just so you see how others value GTC,  Dyn (Tamplen) is offered for 5x16, Cal'02 - '03 @ $2.50 above your SOCO offer.  Last we spoke about this, your bid was $0.60 over SOCO mid (approx. $0.35 over SOCO offer)--we're over $2 apart.  He's working on his bid for into GTC. 
BB 
How is Brian Butler a "5" if all you have received is positive feedback?
Kim -
Neil has decided to leave the company.  Neil says he is just burned-out and needs to help his parents for awhile and give some thought to his career.  Neil has agreed to help us through the 21st if we desire.  Can you help me work through the appropriate exit process for Neil.
Also, Brian Butler has decided to leave to take a position with Reliant.  Brian has been doing our day-to-day URM reporting for the past several months.  Brian was ranked a five and feels as though he/the group's obstacles have been underestimated.  Honestly, I have not heard anything but positives on this person and do not think we should let him just walk out.  I duscussed with him and he would very much like to stay with Enron, especially given some of the proposed personnel/structural changes we are undertaking.  Could you provide a summary of employee history on Brian so we can make a quick call - he is due to leave next week.
Thanks,
Rogers 
Thanks.
I understand that the process might not have been completely fair.  I think it may have bene a "guilt by association" deal or a "kill the messenger" deal.  I am digging into it to determine all of the facts.   It poses some potential legal issues if we try/need to keep him but I think I can work around it if it warrants.  The kid seems strong to me and I need to keep some semblance of order in the URM reporting group.
How is Brian Butler a "5" if all you have received is positive feedback?
Kim -
Neil has decided to leave the company.  Neil says he is just burned-out and needs to help his parents for awhile and give some thought to his career.  Neil has agreed to help us through the 21st if we desire.  Can you help me work through the appropriate exit process for Neil.
Also, Brian Butler has decided to leave to take a position with Reliant.  Brian has been doing our day-to-day URM reporting for the past several months.  Brian was ranked a five and feels as though he/the group's obstacles have been underestimated.  Honestly, I have not heard anything but positives on this person and do not think we should let him just walk out.  I duscussed with him and he would very much like to stay with Enron, especially given some of the proposed personnel/structural changes we are undertaking.  Could you provide a summary of employee history on Brian so we can make a quick call - he is due to leave next week.
Thanks,
Rogers 
Can you figure out a way to get my new card without be being there.
Dear Colleagues,
We know you have many questions about your new benefits plan, payroll issues and other changes that will occur over the next few weeks. Human Resources and Communications are preparing a thorough Q&A, which we will send to you tomorrow and will regularly update as more information is available.=20
Meanwhile, please read the announcement below from Security about how you can obtain a new UBS Warburg access card that will allow you to enter our new office space after Friday.
I am confident that you share my enthusiasm about our new opportunity.  We look forward to working along side each of you in the coming days.
David Oxley
Human Resources
____________________________________________________________________
Access Cards
There will be a two-day transition for the new UBS Warburg access cards. Beginning Monday, February 11, access to the 5th and 6th floors of Enron Center South will require these new cards. UBS Warburg access cards can be picked up from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the reception area on the 5th floor of Enron Center South on Thursday, February 7th ; Friday, February 8th ; and Monday, February 11. Enron Securi
What about DIS
Sold 5,000 @ 33.03
David L. Shine
Vice President-Investments
UBS PaineWebber
1111 Bagby, Suite 5100
Houston, Texas 77002
(713) 654-0396  Direct
(800) 553-3119  Toll Free
(713) 654-4723  Fax
With respect to Narsima, I agree with Rogers.  With respect to Steve Wang and Guatum Gupta, please work directly with Harry and Dana.   I am continuing to push responsibility down to the desk heads and that includes personnel issues.
Thanks.
Kevin, Louise was not comfortable on the contract numbers proposed for Gupta, Wang and Broderick.
She feels that it is not necessary to revise Broderick yet as his contract is not up until 4/30/02 and felt the numbers were too rich for Gupta and Wang.  When are you available to rework the numbers or do you want to speak to her about it first?  I know Dana is very anxious to get an agreement to Goutam.
Also, I spoke to Rogers last week to follow up on Narsima.  He wanted to change the signing cash to 30k and do away with the retention.  I suggested maybe increasing cash to 20k and 20k in equity and told him that since he was promoted to manager as Don and Juan, Louise may feel that we need to keep all packages consistent.  Rogers felt that there is a considerable distinction between Narsima and Don and Juan and thought would be able to sell this to Louise.  What are your thoughts?
Please advise at your earliest.
I am interested in lakefront property on Lake Travis which is within 3 hour drive of Houston.   Given the technology sector meltdown, I am looking to "bottom fish" for lakefront property that provides great long term real estate value.
Please feel free to e-mail me with "value" opportunities that come up.   I did not find your CD-ROM user friendly and I prefer e-mails with attached property listings that meet my requirements.   I am looking to spend 200-250k for lakefront property that has previously sold in the 275-325k range.
thanks.
I wanted to touch base with you about your interest in lake property.
After we took aver austinlakeproperty.com, we have gone thru some  growing
pains.
I want to update my database with people, whom need lake property.  If I may
be of service, please contact me.  I want to be your Realtor.
Thanks,
Michael J. Turner
RE/MAX Spicewood
www.remax-spicewood-tx.com
www.austinrealproperty.com
800-207-6522
texasjake@281.com
Rogers,
Are we are discussing the Phoenix project at this Wednesday's meeting?   Is Terry going to be there?
Terry -
I think you need to copy Mary Lynn Ruffer, Wes Colwell, Wade Stubblefield, Presto, Belden, Lavo, Berney on these updates please.  Jeff, Don - any others.
I am not sure I agree with Starwood.  If we are going to write down the option (currently at $6MM) to $2.5 MM then I will take it in my book at greater value based on what you described.  I think the negative impact should be no greater than $2MM.  Let me know if something new has come up that would change my outlook.
As for TYCO, I think the verdict is still out on this as well.  Some of the outstanding issues could reduce this negative somewhat.  We should have a better feel by Thurs.
Overall, I want to reflect fair value on the re-books, not extreme conservatism.  For example, on TYCO, I will not use NY Zone A for revenue purposes if the contract is unclear and does not force us to do this.  We need to recognize any "issues" like this but I do not intend to write down any deal to worst case economics.
Terry - you may want to give a range of reasonableness on these forecasts.
Thanks,
Rogers
I am currently building a spreadsheet to manage this information but know that it is important to get this out ASAP.  This is obviously very sensitive information, who should be copied?
These are the potential P&L impacts from Project Phoenix rebookings by the end of Q3:
Gas		Power		Option		Total
Starwood						-4.5		-4.5MM
Chase					-20.0		+7.0		-13.0MM
Springs			+1.0		-12.0				-11.0MM
Tyco			TBD		-8.0				-8.0MM
Total			+1.0MM	-40.0MM	+2.5MM	-36.5MM
You have each received the summary of issues with Starwood and Tyco.  A conversation regarding Springs is scheduled for this week.  Chase is a few days away but the magnitude of the impact is large enough that I wanted to highlight it now.  These are based upon best estimates to this point, I am attempting to establish the confidence interval on Chase and Springs power positions.
Hopefully we will be able to finalize rebookings of these transactions by the end of the quarter, along with MFG, Quebecor and Owens Illinois.
Please let me know if there are any questions.
Terry
Sounds like you are as busy as I am.   Yes, my parents still live in the same house in Kennewick.   My Dad retired from teaching in WA (collecting WA retirement) and has been teaching in Hermiston, OR for the last 7 years.
Enron's international business model, on the other hand, entailed constructing capital intensive infrastructure power and gas projects with leveraged project financing (with project financing supported by long term sales to government utilities).   This model is OK provided the business risk, currency risk, international risk, change in law risk, legal risk, etc. is priced properly by the debt and equity providers.
I will let you conclude which business model is better.   I think you will see Enron applying our successful NA model into the international markets that have an economy and regulatory environment that supports a "free-market" model.
Later.
I'm really surprised that this email found you -- it was a shot in the dark.  Glad to hear that you are doing well.   You have a better memory than mine, but I believe that you are right.  The last time that I did see you was at the wedding.  That was a long time ago.  I have not stayed in touch with anyone from that area.  Although, my parents still live outside of Pasco.  I haven't been to the Tri-Cities in years, though, since my family usually meets in Seattle where my sisters live.  Do your parents still live in the Tri-Cities?  How do you like Houston?  I almost moved there a couple of years ago to take a job with Unocal.
Since the last time I saw you, I went to the U.W. for undergrad and then headed East to go to grad school at the University of Virginia where I did a M.A. in international affairs and econ.  I gravitated to the D.C. area for international work where I have remained since then.  I worked for the International Finance Corporation with the World Bank for about five years covering investments in South Asia.   The travel to India was fun, but a little crazy at times.  I would inevitably get sick when I went there.  The early 90s was an interesting time to be in India, as the country was just starting to privatize.  If you were in Bombay's financial district, you would still see piles of notes being wheeled around in rickshaws to the stock exchange.
I eventually left the IFC (Wall Street hours w/o the pay) and moved to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, where I spent about five years doing partial risk guarantees for Turkey and that region.  I encountered Enron's project finance team in Houston and your D.C. rep., John Hardy.  Enron has a plant in Turkey for which OPIC guaranteed and provided financing.  Enron was/is one of OPIC's largest clients, receiving support for Dabhol, etc.  However, I know that Enron is now pulling back from these types of ventures, which is where your work is focussed, I gather.  It must be an interesting job, I would like to hear more about it.  I haven't really followed Enron's move into the power trading sector.
I just changed jobs about a month ago and now work at Fannie Mae (still in D.C.) buying and pricing mortgage-backed securitizations.  I cover the West Coast and Dallas area.   It is a big switch from IFC and OPIC b/c it is all domestic, so my boondoggles to Turkey, etc. have been cut off.  So far, I like the company.  I had worked on providing wraps on bonds to mitigate some sovereign risks for emerging market issuers while at OPIC.  I spent a fair amount of time with capital market investors and investment banks, so I made the move to Fannie Mae to concentrate specifically on the secondary market.  I'll probably roll this experience into international structured transactions in a year or two.  I'm also doing my MBA at Georgetown right now.  It should be a busy year...CAE
Kevin.M.Presto@ wrote:
 You have the right Kevin Presto.   I have been employed at Enron now for
 almost 7 years.   I currently oversee the company's power trading and
 marketing business in the Eastern US.    Unfortunately, I spend entirely
 too much time at work, but I love the job and Enron's culture in general.