E-mail Disclaimer
This e-mail message is confidential and is intended only for the individual
or entity named above and contains information that is or may be
confidential, non-public or legally privileged. Any retention, dissemination
or distribution of this message other than to its intended recipient is
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please
notify us by phone, fax or e-mail to postmaster@ipic.co.ae immediately and
delete the original message and all its copies.
VirusScanNT has swept this e-mail for viruses. However, International
Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) cannot accept liability for any damage
that you may sustain as a result of computer viruses.
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
TO: Houston Area Employees Participating in the Domestic Medical Plan Benefits
You may have recently received communication from United HealthCare (UHC) 
concerning Memorial Hermann Health Systems' (MHHS) decision to terminate 
their contract with UHC  in the Houston/Beaumont area.  This communication 
also included the names of physicians who will be dropped from the network 
due to this action.  It is our intent to help you understand the situation.
It is our understanding that Memorial Herman Health Systems asked for a 40% 
increase in fees - a substantial increase that would have been passed on to 
you and Enron!  When United HealthCare attempted to negotiate with a counter 
proposal, Memorial Hermann cancelled their contract.
While this contractual arrangement was between the hospital system and UHC, 
Enron continues to support UHC in their ongoing contract negotiation 
efforts.  At this time, it is only UHC which has been affected, however, it 
is our understanding that Cigna has also been contacted by the hospital group 
and may be in contract negotiations at this time as well 
Many doctors have obtained admission privileges to other area hospitals 
within the UHC Network or have contracted directly with UHC including those 
with admission privileges to The Woodlands, Sugarland and Clear Lake 
Hospitals, to name a few.  In a further effort to limit disruption to our 
affected employees and families who are enrolled in the UHC Network or EPO 
options, Enron has authorized UHC to process claims incurred between 
September 28 and December 31, 2000 as if the termination of the Memorial 
Hermann Health Systems from the network had not occurred and In-Network 
benefits applied.  Office visits will have a $10 copayment and all other 
charges will be covered at 90%.  Hospital admissions will still need to be 
pre-certified with UHC.
These steps have decreased the number of participants' affected by Primary 
Care Physician disruption from 1,050 to 127.
If You Need Medical Attention:  You or your doctor/hospital must call UHC's 
customer service number so proper benefits can be verified.  In some cases 
the hospital or doctor may request payment at the time service is performed If this should happen, please obtain an itemized statement and submit it to 
UHC with a claim form for prompt reimbursement.  Claim forms can be obtained 
by calling 1-800-332-7979 or in Houston at 713-853-7979 ( press 1).
Open enrollment materials will be coming soon.  Take this opportunity to 
consider your elections for 2001 
United HealthCare and Enron HR are committed to assisting Enron employees 
through this transition.  We will communicate any  further developments that 
may impact you or your family.
Carol,
Thanks for the email.  Please send it to the office upon your receipt.  On 
the coat, I don't have time to think about it now.  Thanks for bringing it to 
my attention.
mike
Joe,
I enjoyed it as well.  We all have a lot to do and money to make!  I got a 
long voicemail back from K Lay on my message to him and he heard me on the 
ePower side.  He also said that he had heard similar concerns as well 
Rick Bergseiker (LNG) will be calling you.  He left me a voicemail that he 
has been working with ePower quite a bit and has talked about 2 LNG 
facilities.  i told him to work with you.
Cheers,
mike
Joseph P Hirl@
10/02/2000 03:18 AM
Certainly appreciate the visit and the advice.
Joe
Marty,
Thanks so much for your email and support!  I apologize for the slow response 
but I am in Asia and have had some difficulties keeping up 
You don't need to worry about the matching, I'll take care of it all.  We are 
making this hassle free for the supporters.
Thanks again so much.
mike
Carol,
I brought in a check this morning for $250 for JDF.  Can you help me set up 
the Enron match and then contact a coordinator so that we can show our 
support 
Mike,
Thanks for you sponsorship of this effort!
Mike McConnell@
09/08/2000 09:59 PM
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, 
November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the 
board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for 
this year's fundraising efforts.
As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the 
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot 
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking 
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of 
complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it 
they would die.
Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF 
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money 
raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise 
$225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team 
leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the 
walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us 
for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron 
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.
If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if 
you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee 
members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please 
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included 
in the first important and informative training session taking place this 
week.
Thank you very much for your support.
Mike McConnell
Steering Committee Members:
Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305
Thanks, if you have it i would like to see an image but doubtful that i would 
buy another now.
m
Dear Mike and Chris:
Are you still interested in collecting another Pierre Bonnard?
Virginia Repasky
Christopher-Clark Fine Art
Mike.McConnell@ wrote:
 Thanks.  Not going to buy now, closing on a Bonnard.  I will have an
 interest later.
 m
Don 
Howdy from Tokyo.  Thanks for the email.  It was great hearing from you.  I 
would be happy to talk with you in Dallas about your business.
In the mean time, why don't you send me a new email (without the personal 
stuff) about your company and references to your website and i will forward 
it to the appropriate people within Enron with a note to insure that it gets 
the proper attention.
Thanks and see you soon.
Mike
Hey Mike, It's been a long time since we last spoke, hope all is
well with you and the family in Houston. I saw Jonny & Brenda in Telluride
this weekend and he mentioned we would be getting together in Dallas. It
will be great to see yall again.  It's already that time of year for the big
shoot-out when the Horns tangle with the Sooners. It looks like this could
be another very interesting game, no telling what will happen with the way
both teams are playing this year.
I have been thinking of you and I had planned to call you to talk a
little business. Our company, Nexstar  is now up and running and working
with major corporations like Enron to provide mortgage loans to their
relocating employees and as a benefit to the general employment base. We are
a high tech , high touch approach to mortgage lending providing employees
with internet and/or telephony interaction with Nexstar. As a follow-up to
our discussion in the bar last year in Dallas, I thought we could chat about
what's going on in the financial services industry and if Nexstar's products
and services could be of any benefit to Enron. If you have any interest you
can view our website at nexstarhome.com.
Please drop me a note or give me a call so we can catch up and even talk a
little business. I also wanted to talk about that ballpark with your name on
it. I have not had a chance to see it yet but plan to when I get down to
Houston. Take care, and don't forget to HOOK-EM  Horns!
Don
Beverly,
Wow!  Fantastic.  Thanks for sharing your success and letter.
mike
I wanted to give you an update on my progress in EES with the JDF - - - -as 
of this afternoon, I have collected (with Enron matching) $4,600 
This is the letter I sent to my solicitation list last week - .....  Pretty 
good for one week, right?
Good afternoon.
My 17 year old son has had diabetes since he was 2 years old.  Imagine this as of today, Austin has taken more than 16,425 shots and more than 27,300 
finger sticks.  It never gets easier for him and it will never go away until 
a cure is found.   Diabetes is the leading cause of kidney failure, adult 
blindness and non-traumatic amputations, a leading cause of nerve damage, 
heart attack and stroke.  Until a cure is found, his health is better today 
than it will be tomorrow. 
Please let me know if I can count on you to walk with me or help raise funds 
for Juvenile Diabetes.  84% of the money raised goes directly to diabetes 
research.   My commitment to you is this - walk with me - I guarantee you a 
morning of fun, good times and the opportunity to meet a large, dynamic group 
of people committed to finding a cure.  Sponsor me - you will help millions 
of kids like mine that are desperately looking for a cure 
The walk is on Sunday, November 5, 9:00 AM - 4.5 miles at Sam Houston Race 
Park.   If you cannot join in the walk but want to help monetarily, please 
send your check payable to the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) to my 
attention - 1400 Smith Street, EB 760 / Houston, Tx 
77002  
From the bottom of my heart, I thank you.    My son and millions of other 
kids with diabetes thank you as well.
Virginia, 
Thanks for the update.  I will not have an opportunity to talk with you right 
now.  I am in Tokyo and my next destination may change due to business events 
in the middle east.
I am very interested in acquiring Blue note, however,  I do want to know more 
about the price.  I was close to locating one via a gallery via ebay for a 
lot less.  Also, your price was $4,500 for the same piece framed.  Is there 
room on the price if I give you a firm commitment.  The ebay price is 
significantly discounted but they are not ready to close the deal yet 
either.  If you can't get them down on the price,  it is worth me chasing 
down the other option for a while.
Please let me know via email and I will attempt to be responsive via odd time 
zones.
Thanks,
mike
Dear Mike:
Glad to hear from you.
The Lichtenstein "Composition No. 4" is exactly like the one you saw except
that it would be a different number in the signed and numbered edition.  The
price is $4,500.00.  That is unframed.  We can frame the artwork like the
Liechtenstein you saw here or if you prefer like the Matisse.  You have that
option.
I will contact the owner and send you an image either by e-mail or by mail.
The window of opportunity to acquire the artwork is limited.
I would love to talk to you personally about the Matisse "Icarus" artwork.
When would be the best time to contact you and Chris?
As I mentioned to you this artwork is hard to find and cannot be easily
replaced.  Please keep in mind that several of our consultants are working
with clients and galleries to place this artwork.  I mention this only to
encourage to contact me if you have serious interest in adding this artwork to
your collection.
I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow.
Most sincerely,
Virginia Repasky
Christopher-Clark Fine Art
Mike.McConnell@ wrote:
 Virgina,
 Hello from Singapore.  Thanks for the email.  I am interested in the
 Lichtenstein.  Is the #4 the same as the one you had in the gallery?
 What is the price and what does the frame look like?  Do you have a picture
 or could you put it on your website?
 I am still interested in the Matisse but Chris isn't so sure.  We are still
 thinking about that one.
 Thanks,
 Mike