Bin Sleepin, Bin Loafin, and Bin Drinkin have been taken into custody.
 Security advised us that they could find no one fitting the description
 of the fourth cell member, Bin Workin, in the office. Police are confident
 that anyone who looks like he's Bin Workin will be very easy to spot.
 
User Id: jschwie		
Password: etj6781jjj
Phone Mail Password:  7145345
Enron On Line User Name: ADM08097	
Password: SCHWIEGER1
That's all I can think of!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Swig
Please provide any Log On ID's and Passwords for any application(s) that someone would need to access in your absence.  I also need your system Log On ID's and Passwords, as well.
I need this information ASAP - not only for while you are out, but also for purposes pertaining to our big move to the new building, which (by the way) is next Friday, November 9th.  WOO HOO!  I'll be sending more information to you soon about the move.
Thanks,
Laura
Whatever you all decide is fine with me!
Sorry, I'm so late in answering!
I took Tuesday and Wednesday off and I'm just now getting to my "e mail"
Get what you want.  Just le me know Style, color, special equipment etc.
Love Jim
Hi Jim
Hope work is going ok with all the changes taking place there.
Just wanted to let you know we have been looking at cars  
We asked the kids what they thought.  They really like the SUV's. 
I think another mini-van would be great as far as room to move around as well as having 7 places to sit, but the kids are a little more interested in what looks "cool  
There are a couple midsize suv's that now have a third seat (although the seat it is closer to the ground).  That might be a good compromise  
Anyway, it sure is FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! to look  
Thanks for being there for us  
Let me know if you have any thoughts on the process.
Love and Hugs
Linda
Please put me on the list as a Yes!
Swig
Please let me know if you are interested in getting a flu shot this Wednesday (see below).  I'll compile the info of who is/is not interested, and then forward it to Ina.
Thanks,
Laura
I have scheduled the Health Center to come and administer flu shots to our floor on Wednesday.  I need to have an approximate number of how many vaccines we will need.  Please ask within your groups today and see who will be interested and let me know.
Thank You,
Ina Rangel
Administrative Coordinator
I enjoyed lunch.  Lets make sure we stay in touch after the sell.
I need to develop my list of people to have lunch with once Im retired.
You know that if there is anything I can ever do for you and Connie and just have to ask!
Here is the name and number of the Chiropractor out by me:
Champions Chiropractor (Bert Williams)   281-440-6355
Keep up the weight loss, you look great.
Swig
Happy Birthday!
Sounds like a fun time.
I have a dentist appt out by the house at 4:00 pm so I will have to opt for dinner next week!
Hope you have a fun night celebrating your ah? 28 birthday, right?
Call when you figure out what's good for you.  Wednesday looks best for me right now.
Swig
Hey !  What has been going on ?  We never did make it to dinner I booked a last minute trip to the Islands two weeks ago and ran into Legler at the airport -- they were headed to France and their gate was 
next to ours Anyways, if you get a chance - I thought the below would be a good way to see you and catch up or even get to see some of the old gang.
Hope you can make it - and if not, let's do dinner sometime next week ?
Denae
Please join us to celebrate the birthdays of Helen and Denae (no they are
not twins) on Tuesday Nov. 6th at The Front Porch on W. Gray.  Tuesdays are
Steak Night at The Front Porch in case you get the munchies.  The
festivities will begin between 6:30 and 7:00.
Please rsvp via email if you can attend this fabulous event.  Hope to see
you there!
If I already sent this to you just ignore this!
I will need a new chair for the new building!
The one I have now does not cut it.
Please order one like I have now!
Thanks, Jim
ONE MORE THING:
Please let everyone know that the tag is for their chair to move over.  We are not getting new chairs after all Also, tell them to please leave their pink bag on their desk the day of the move.
Thanks
The sky is falling! The sky is falling! 
Oh, never mind that's just Enron stock price!
It is probably crazy but I'm buying some more here!
Good thing that with Equity that you can not lose more than your investment!
Josh lost his last baseball game last night 6-11.
It was not so much they got beat as they gave it away.
They were ahead by 2 going into the last inning and had 9 runs score on 11 errors.
I think we figured the other team had something like 9 outs that inning.
Josh and I are going to LSU this weekend.
Jarrod is staying with Joan since he has an end of season baseball party on Sunday.
The party is at 2:00 and we are scheduled to get into Hobby at 1:10 so I hope to make it to the party.
Be Safe and may the FORCE be with you!
Swig
I think he will be talking with you!
Do I need to do something more with Eric?  I talked to him the other day, trying to reassure him that Lavo realizes the value that he brings to the organization and that he will be taken care of.
Tom
I think the industry needs to look at Enron credit rating like a male looks at a women's Bra size.
A triple B is actually better than a triple A
What do you think?
i'm not so sure that i will put anymore into ENE.....just depends on how low it goes!
We go to Dallas this weekend.
We may have a couple hour layover in Houston on Sunday evening so may have to have you come visit after the baseball party.
I'm making an except by responding to your e-mail.......it is usually my policy not to respond to such things!!! hahahaha
Take er e z,
Mike
The sky is falling! The sky is falling! 
Oh, never mind that's just Enron stock price!
It is probably crazy but I'm buying some more here!
Good thing that with Equity that you can not lose more than your investment!
Josh lost his last baseball game last night 6-11.
It was not so much they got beat as they gave it away.
They were ahead by 2 going into the last inning and had 9 runs score on 11 errors.
I think we figured the other team had something like 9 outs that inning.
Josh and I are going to LSU this weekend.
Jarrod is staying with Joan since he has an end of season baseball party on Sunday.
The party is at 2:00 and we are scheduled to get into Hobby at 1:10 so I hope to make it to the party.
Be Safe and may the FORCE be with you!
Swig
Thought you guys would find this funny:
TOP TEN USES FOR THE NEW ENE BLDG
1. HEALTH CLUB
2. LOFTS
3. PUBLIC STORAGE
4. HOTEL FOR SEC INVESTIGATION TEAM
5.SKY RING BAR AND BROTHEL
6. SCRAP METAL
7.RETAIL CENTER
8. MINIMUM SECURITY FEDERAL PRISON FOR EXECUTIVES
9.PROP IN NEXT HOLLYWOOD ACTION FLICK: IMPLOSION
10.PERMANENT REMINDER TO ALL INVESTORS: SELL WHEN THEY BUILD A MONUMENT TO SELF