- Argentina.pdf
- Portfolio.pdf
- Brazil.pdf
- LatinAmerica.pdf
- September.pdf
Enjoy
This person seems confused.  Please advise.
John Lavorato,
Please note that from the European Natural Gas Commodity Group, I have not 
Brian Hoskins
Tricia Talpek
Judy Townsend
Brad McKay
Kate Frasier
Robin Barbe 
Sarah Mulholland 
Sandra Brawner
Patrice Mims-Thurston
Tom Donohoe
Fletch Sturn
Geoff Storey
Kevin Ruscitti
Martin Cuilla
Joe Parks
Jim Schwieger
Carey Metz
Elsa Villarreal 
Craig Falbaum
Steve South
Frank Ermis
Keith Holst
John Craig Taylor
Robyn Menear
Please print and sign the attached Enron Corp. Risk Management Policy 
Certificate of Compliance and fax directly to Veronica Valdez, fax # 713 646 
2194. Due to certain regulatory audits of our trading businesses, we would 
like to receive these by the end of this week 
Attached is a copy of the Certificate of Compliance, and the Enron Corp. Risk 
Management Policy.
If you have any questions, please call me at (713) 853-0429, or Veronica 
Valdez at (713) 853-1881.
,
Cassandra Schultz
Market Risk Management
Chris,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, 
Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to 
you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Jacob Thomas  VP
Frank Vickers  Director
David Parquet  VP
Michael McDonald VP
Douglas Dyer  Director
Jeffrey Shields  Director
Terry Donovan  Manager
Jeffton Slaughter Director
Mark Fillinger  Director
David Kates  Manager
James Gilbert  Director
David Fuller  Manager
Ron Coker  Manager
Jonalan Page  Director
Laura Wente  Manager
Elliot Mainzer  Manager
Michael Etringer Manager
James Buerkle  Manager
Todd Perry  Manager
Saji John  Manager
Stephen Thome Manager
Paul Choi  Manager
Tim,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, 
Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to 
you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Michael Swerzbin VP
Sean Crandall  VP
Mark Fischer  Manager
Matthew Motley  Manager
Timothy Heizenrader Director
Thomas Alonso  Manager
John Forney  Manager
Holli Krebs  Director
Christopher Foster Director
Jeffrey Richter  Manager
Gregory Wolfe  VP
Diana Scholtes  Manager
Robert Badeer  Manager
Kimberly Ward  Manager
John Malowney  Manager
Stewart Rosman Director
David Ellis  Manager
Rob,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, 
Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to 
you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Derek Davies  Director
Barry Tycholiz  Director
Paul Devries  Director
Jeff Borg  Director
Eric Le Dain  Director
Cyntia Di Stefano Manager
Kyle Kitagawa  VP
Duncan Croasdale Manager
William Greenizan Manager
Dean Drodziak  Manager
Howard Sangwine Manager
Garrett Tripp  Manager
Jan Wilson  Manager
Max,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, 
Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are 
Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond 
to this email and confirm this information.
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.
Lavo
I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a 
call when you get a chance.
let's talk in person
Do you think Janet wants to apply.
Janet 
Call me.
Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can 
get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in 
otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested 
Let me know if we are missing something.
If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator"
Congrats
John
Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions.
I'll spend 30 minutes myself.
Set up an interview with me.
Asthana25@aol.com on 11/13/2000 02:27:00 PM
John,
I am interested in a power options trading position at Enron.  I have a track
record of profitable options trading and market-making in illiquid markets,
and have also worked closely with Origination groups to design and evaluate
structured products for customers.  I attach my resume for your review and
would welcome the opportunity to discuss my qualifications and background
with you in person.  I can be reached at 214-812-8560 during the day and
214-891-1705 in the evening.
,
Manu
- Manu Asthana.doc
Andy,
I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that 
you would like to attend.
k
Andy Zipper
11/15/2000 10:24 AM
I would like Bob Shults to be present.
Jeff
My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive 
viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer.
Use Paul Devries in the Toronto office.
I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader 
for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader 
in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done 
John
Football bets 200 each
Minn -9.5
Buff +2.5
Phil -7
Indi -4.5
Cinnci +7
Det +6
clev +16
Den +9.5
Dall +7.5
Jack +3.5
Sounds good.
250 per
New England +6
Over 37 1/2 NE/DET
Minn -7 1/2
Buff +3 1/2
Miami +5 1/2
Phil +6 1/2
Clev +16
Chic +7
Oak +11
Jack +3 1/2
Den -3
KC -2
Giants/Ariz over 38
Current 3730
I think I sold it. 
Sorry
Kevin
Give me a call on this one 
Mike
Thanks for the info.
Billy
What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.
Lavo
Action Items.
It looks like my calender is not Mountain time again. Please fix.
Set up meeting on Monday.
15 Minutes - Grant Oh
30 Minutes - Andre
30 Minutes - Bill
Stinson
The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that 
I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last 
day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day Please change that if you can.
John
That's cheap
Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada 
used to do this for me.
l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance 
of 4130.
Mike
The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the 
spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your 
presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas 
side.
Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247.
15500
A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard 
to the new Trading Track program.
The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.
If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681.
Beth 
Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and 
leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions).
Derek Davies
Also Tuesday, Kyle and Eric 1/2 hour.
Attached is the spreadsheet with exchange detail by individual. It's a big 
spreadsheet you should go to the Tab 
'Detailed Sheet with Exchange Fees'
Yes dear
Isn't this our world 
John
Om Bhatia
11/28/2000 04:53 PM
Northland Power (a power plant operator) from Toronto has joined hand with 
Nepco to build a large cogen plant in BC with possible power off-take 
agreement for US Pacific NW (Washington/Oregon). Northland power asked me if 
Enron would be interested to quote indicative prices for this project. Would 
you please advise me with who is responsible for this kind of projects? 
Thanks for your help.
-Om Bhatia
EIM - Pulp & Paper  
I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an 
upscale place that caters to young children.
mid to late feb and 7 days
Ken
I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family 
and I had a wonderful time.
Thanks
John Lavorato
Close
Monthly Basis Swap
Daily Basis Swap
Daily for Monthly Index Swap
Fixed Price Physical
Physical Index
Fixed Price Swap
no attachment
Please be advised that you will need to be at Three Allen Center, 37th Floor 
no later than 12:45 for the Trading Track interviews.  I have attached a 
preliminary schedule for your review.  We will be in the Dover Room at the 
Doubletee for the decision round.  The Dover Room is located on the first 
floor of the Doubletree and you need to be there no later than 5:15 pm.  I 
anticipate we should be finished with the reviews about 6:30 to 7:00 pm Thanks again for all your help.  Ted
Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500.
Greg
Have a great time with the $100 Million Club
Lavo and Dave 
Rosalee Fleming on 12/01/2000 02:56:08 PM
Ken and Jeff have decided that the Enron Executive Committee Retreat will 
include only the Corporate Policy Committee this year.  (See list of members 
below.)  You may be holding the timeframe of January 16-18, 2001 on your 
calendar, which you can now free up if you are not on the committee.
The location of the retreat is under consideration.  When a decision is made, 
we will get the information to the members of the Corporate Policy 
Committee.  Departure for the retreat will be early afternoon on Tuesday, 
January 16 with return to Houston late afternoon on Thursday, January 18.
Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions at 713-853-6088.
Rosie
Enron Policy Committee
Baxter, Cliff
Causey, Rick
Derrick, Jim
Fastow, Andy
Frevert, Mark
Hannon, Kevin
Horton, Stan
Kean, Steve
Lay, Ken
Pai, Lou
Rice, Ken
Skilling, Jeff
Whalley, Greg
Have we rented our office space yet.
Fred 
Can you please take care of this.
John
Eric Thode
12/01/2000 02:11 PM
Attached is an e-mail we received via the Enron web site.  Would you or 
someone from the gas trading group contact this gentleman?  If you would 
prefer not to respond, please refer it back to me for handling.  Thanks.
Eric
"Michael Fuss"  	11/30/2000 09:13 AM
I am with the Idaho Public Utilities Commission and am trying to find out 
more information on market and financial risk management devices.  Enron 
appears to have one of the largest varieties of measures and is extremely 
well respected in this field.
Can you provide some information about the Market & Financial Risk Management 
products that you provide for the US Natural Gas Industry.  I am looking for 
pricing information  as well as availability.  Information pertaining to the 
Northwest would be greatly appreciated.  For example cost of a natural gas 
future (range of premiums)  Cost of weather insurance based on what measure? 
If you do not have that kind of information but can point me in the right 
direction it would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you in advance for your assistance,
Michael Fuss
Seems like a fair trade
Lavo.
Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,
John
Thank you for agreeing to participate in the video for the Houston Analyst 
Meeting taking place in January of 2001 We have scheduled your shoot for Tuesday, December 5th at  1:00 p.m.  If you 
have any questions in   to the video content or questions that will be 
addressed, please contact Kathryn Corbally at X34785 
I can be reached at X36785 if I can be of any further assistance.
Thank you, Laura
Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.
Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.
John
Rich
Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't 
perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.
Thanks for the cooperation.
No
I think Forster has me covered.
Lavo
My vote is to kill it.
Raymond Bowen@ECT
11/30/2000 12:18 PM
Dorie,
I share Dave's skepticism.
Ray Bowen
David W Delainey
11/30/2000 11:26 AM
Dorie, I have to question the effectiveness of this program.  Over the years, 
it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers. 
The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is 
questionable.  I vote to kill it.
Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with 
my partners.
Delainey
Winter is just around the corner and the new ski season will be opening 
soon.  Please review the proposed information below, regarding the 
ENA/EGM/EIM Customer Ski Program, to help us determine what our needs will be 
for the 2001 season.
Location:  Beaver Creek, Colorado
Preliminary Dates:  February 21 - March 14, 2001
Approximate Cost Per Person:  $2,600 (based on 82 participants)
The preliminary dates have been divided into 6 trips:
TRIP	DATES	TOTAL # OF BEDS
Trip 1	Wed, February 21 - Sat, February 24	11
Trip 2	Sun, February 25 - Wed, February 28	17
Trip 3	Wed, February 28 - Sat, March 3	13
Trip 4	Sun, March 4 - Wed, March 7	13
Trip 5	Wed, March 7 - Sat, March 10	13
Trip 6	Sun, March 11 - Wed, March 14	15
The program cost per person includes:
? Four days/three nights accommodations in luxurious private homes in the 
premier Holden Road/Borders Road area of Beaver  Creek with daily maid service
? Animated invitation with on-line registration
? Round-trip airport ground transportation
? Experienced property hosts
? Daily lift tickets and ski instruction
? Ski equipment rental
? Catered dinner two nights
? Catered breakfast daily
? Off-site dinner coordination
? Alternate activity coordination
? Private vans at each house
? One massage with experienced in-house massage therapists
? Enron promotional gift item
? Pre-program administration and coordination
? On-site operation
If you are interested in participating in the 2001 ski program, please submit 
an email  request to me no later than Friday, December 8th, including the 
following information:
Name
Company
Department
Telephone
Fax
Number of People
Choice of Dates (1st, 2nd & 3rd)
Company #
RC #
The week of December 11th, all requests will be compiled for review and final 
approval.
Questions should be directed to my attention at (713) 853-6978 
Chris
Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA,
Brian Redmond@ECT
11/30/2000 10:35 AM
I thought that Jeff Shankman decided not to cancel and to pick up the 
membership costs for that reason when he was in ENA?
Brian
Hello Guys-
As of a year and a half ago, Enron cancelled their membership to the AGA This has not presented a problem since we still have acess to the online 
database as long as we are the reporting entity for the Bammel storage 
facility.  One thing to keep in mind is that when we sell HPL, we will need 
to subscribe to the AGA at a cost of about $100,000 per year in order to keep 
the online access which is critical for the weekly AGA stoage numbers (Bloomberg reports the same numbers 2 minutes later, and per the traders 
those are VERY critical seconds).
,
Julie 
Julie
I'm looking into this.
Mark
Still waiting for my car keys.
In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie 
you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.
Lavo
Milly it looks like your head of parking and you may need to lease our office 
space too.
No luck yet.  Barnicke is offering the space at less than market but still no 
takers.  Part of the issue is the term and part is the market.
Bruce
I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if 
you are still in town.  I would love to get together.
John
Kevin 
Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something.
Dave
I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.
Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the 
futures trades.
Thanks
Kim
Did you ever get hold of my accountant?
Giants +6
Carolina +7 1/2
Cinci -4
Denver +1 1/2
Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2
Seattle Pickm
Phil +3
SF -2 1/2
Indi-jets over 44
Jack -14 1/2
All 250
I have the balance at work.
green bay and chic under 39
Shiela,
Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any 
documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would 
appreciate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list 
Thank you for all your efforts.
Kim Hillis
x30681
Please mark your calendars for the December 11, 2000 PRC meeting to prereview 
Vice Presidents in the following organizations:
The meeting will be held at the St. Regis Hotel, 1919 Briar Oaks Lane, 
Houston in the Plaza Room.  The meeting is scheduled from 8:00am to 5:00pm. 
For those of you who are part of the Enron Wholesale Services Group, please 
plan to be there at 8:00am, as the first part of the meeting will be devoted 
to discussing PRC results of groups below Vice President, and Manager to 
Director/Sr. Director promotion nominations.  The Vice President rating is 
scheduled to begin at approximately 9:45am.
The telephone number of the hotel is 713-840-7600 
A complete agenda and details will be forthcoming later this week.
For those of you in the organization units listed above, please be prepared 
to present and discuss your Vice Presidents 
Please feel free to contact me at X36628 in Houston, should you have any 
questions.
Sheila Knudsen
current 6300
over 39 1/2
400
that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear.
Angela
Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week.
Rob, that's good information, keep digging.
ssss
Tammy
Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated.
I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have 
exploded and I'm working on it.
I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year 
end in conjunction with the PRC process.
John Arnold@ECT
12/07/2000 03:12 PM
A funny story:
Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of 
unchanged to +150.  After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the 
exchange stopped trading for an hour Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything 
was orderly.  Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange 
closing.  One yelled at Rappaport "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock"
Mario
minn +3 1/2
jack -16 1/2
tenn-cinnci under35
gb-det under 39 1/2
tb +2 1/2
new england +2 1/2
pitt +3 1/2
phil-clev under 33 1/2
seattle +10
jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease
as discussed.
Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our 
future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a 
conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon 
Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered.
Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week Also, what happen to Manu.
Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I 
want to distribute them to me head traders.
Dan
I'm leaving for a couple of weeks.  I'll get you my computer when I come back.
John
vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.
Allen - Superior
Arnold - Strong
Presto - Excellent
Wolfe - Strong
Lagrasta - Strong
Baughman  - Strong
Shively - Superior
Sturm - Superior
Neal - Excellent
Martin- Excellent
Schweiger - Excellent
Belden - Superior
Swerzman- Superior
Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him I need this for tomorrow.
I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 
8:00 AM tommorrow morning.
Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,
John
Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis.
NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we 
receive it.
Thanks 
John 
Dave
I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per 
on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have 
anymore unless New Albany is enough.
Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit 
reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.
John
That would be outsanding.
Charlene
My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well 
with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are 
very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should 
slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on 
International business.
John
Wes
Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas 
Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I 
wonder if some of our other piplelines are members.
Bill.
I've taken a look at your resume and pulled your internal reviews.  We have 
decided to go another route.  Sorry.  I'll be in Houston for the next three 
weeks if you want to talk to me.
John.
Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the 
National Bank in Monteal.
Anthony
Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I 
think some credit intermediation would be helpful.
Print all these resumes for me.
John - Please look at these resumes and give me some feedback.  If they are 
not what you are looking for for mid management level we will start over Thanks.  Ted
Kim 
Please print all these resumes for me.
John - More resumes for the pipeline.  Ted
Has applied to Enron several times:
Already in Personic.  Identified for Shankman's book (Assoc Level), may be 
experienced enough for Mgr Level:
Can't seem to find this.
John
Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader.
sounds good tim
We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions.
We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length.
I have no interest in this person.
John
The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis.
I don't know him that well, however, I don't think he is a superstar.  Rob 
Milnthorp in Calgary might have a better read.
Kim
Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me.
John,
I have been on vacation this Monday and Tuesday.  If you still need help with 
this request, please let me know.
Thanks,
Pete Berzins 
x57597
John J Lavorato
12/10/2000 10:50 AM
Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I 
want to distribute them to me head traders.
I have no interest in these two employees.
Tim
If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this 
topic.
John
I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting 
this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal.
For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.  Can you fill in all 
info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to 
me promtly.
Thanks 
John'
Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power 
as the key to their real time group.  No request will be granted on an 
emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and 
checking with me.  Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing 
these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year.
I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally 
about California gas prices.
Jennifer Walker
12/14/2000 11:13 AM
John:
Per Eric Thode's voice mail, attached is the DRAFT of the eBiz article 
regarding gas prices in California. Please review and give me a call or an 
email with your comments. 
--we really appreciate it. 
Jennifer Walker
Public Relations
x3-9964
The pain will stop soon.
I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week Although I am definately not getting brave, I would like to request an extra 
15 Million for gas for the next week.  The price levels are making it hard to 
eliminate risk.  I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to 
day will come from price movement, not increase in position 
Let me know 
John
Thanks
Your the King.
Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy 
prices.  I think Palmer overrulled me.  He said that the article was harmless 
but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this.
John
This is the last eBiz issue for 2000!  Read more about Ken and Jeff's big 
announcement.
Also in this issue:
The California energy crisis
Enron's forward market in DRAM
Plugging into Japan
The little Enron-backed engine that could
Contango and backwardation
Flying with corporate angels
It's all in the latest eBiz.  Go to home.enron.com, click Publications, then 
click eBiz, and "eBiz December 15, 2000."
You goated me into it,
Here goes
400/per
Minn -8
New Orleans -10
Denver -3
Denver-KC under 48
Jack -10
Clev +16
Chic +6 1/2
Indi-Mia under 42
Balt -15
John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January.  I would like 
to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness.  Let me know.
Lavo
Jeff
Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million.
Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts.
Kevin
Can you get our new reports- ie. off peak prices and positions and heat rates 
put on the executive viewer.
Thanks
Lavo
Mark
Can you tell me if this is a legal document.  This is personal so only if you 
have 2 free minutes.
Thanks John
John :
Ted Jarvis asked me to send this to you.
Jeff Howe
Chief Financial Officer
TargetNet
416-306-0466 x945 [please feel free to call me with any questions]
- targetnet subscription agreement v.2.DOC
giants -7
giants - dallas minus 37
both 400
Kim 
Can you print these in color.
Zimin Lu@ECT
12/15/2000 04:59 PM
John,
Just finished the continous trading case.   Please see
the two attached files. Let me know if you want to add
more scenarios.
Happy holidays !
Zimin
Open-close trading:
Close-close trading:
Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 
hours a day on VAR.  If yes, talk to Frank.
John,
Bilal reconciled Tom Martin's VAR, dropping it from $3.5 to $1.246. Texas 
desk VaR dropped to $3.8
Frank
PS.  Bilal has been very helpful in dealing with the VAR issues, and I think 
it has given him a better idea of what trading is about.  Would you consider 
sharing some of the analyst/traders, much like Bilal, for a couple of months, 
maybe longer, maybe mornings only, to help on VAR issues, as it relates to 
both power and gas?  I think it would be an excellent way to introduce them 
to VAR, systems, risk management and trading.  Let me know your thoughts
I'm a bachelor next week and would love to go to dinner.  Anywhere you want John
No interest
Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses 
I guess we are paying for that too.
Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter.  Glad we could 
help.
Stinson
Thanks
P.S 
At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the 
position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an 
open positon.
Kim 
Can you print me two copies in color.
John
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/19/2000 05:55 PM
John,
The updated model does not give answers too different from the earlier 
version.   The changes made were in correcting the handing of contract rolls 
and correcting some of the roll dates.
The model still gives a higher profit, sometimes, for the cases of 1,000,000 
bbl position limit vs.  5,000,000 bbl limit.   I took a look in detail at the 
5 MM bbl case which gave lower profit (3 yrs out of Nov 95).   The intuition 
is that there are two offsetting things which happen when you raise the 
position limit.
1) you have a larger position to profit from when the market reverses a 
trend, but
2) you loose much more money in a long term trending market, and to the 
extent that you still hit your position limit, you will not make it all back 
when the market reverses.
In the specific above case, you hit the position limits for both 1 MM bbl and 
5 MM bbl, and the superior strategy is a trade off between limiting losses 
vs. having a larger position from which to gain on major market reversals.
--Stinson
Open to Close   Continuous trading
Lets grap 5 minutes on this
John
These assumptions are correct for now.
Per
Give me a call in January on this.
John
P.S.  Happy Holidays.
FYI
I need to make you aware of a potential lawsuit we may be filing jointly with 
Columbia Energy Services/Nisource against TDC Energy regarding a CES 
transaction.  I don't have every detail yet, but I wanted to fill you in 
because this is moving quite quickly.
TDC Energy is a small privately owned producer that had several deals with 
CES that ENA acquired in last year's transaction.  Four of those transactions 
were costless collars that are deep in the money for us.  TDC is disputing 
the existence of these collars because CES never sent confirmations for 
them.   We have taken the position with CES that if TDC defaults it is CES' 
exposure, not ENA's.  The total value of these collars as of today is 
approximately $4,800,000.   I have been working with Jeff Hodge on this issue 
and we believe that, because of several different reasons, ENA should file 
the lawsuit with TDC jointly.  I'll be happy to meet with you if you're 
interested and explain the reasons for this.
In addition, ENA has other deep in the money fixed priced transactions with 
TDC worth an estimated $5,000,000 (unofficially from R. Diamond in Credit TDC has not disputed these transactions and so far all is fine with these; 
however, we fear that TDC may be facing financial difficulties--if they go 
bankrupt, we have exposure on the $5,000,000 of fixed price transactions, 
plus potentially all or part of the other $4,800,000 of financial collars Jeff Hodge is meeting today with CES' outside attorneys to discuss where we 
should file the lawsuit and I get the impression that it is already drafted 
and will be filed very soon.  Please let me know if you want to talk through 
this.
Try to grab me today on this stuff.
John
Dave
Should we invite Presto and Beldon to this meeting.  I think so.
Sally
We need to talk about the 26th.
Rick
Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th.
Please Print.
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/21/2000 10:28 AM
John,
In general, results are not too different from last day roll.    For "no 
roll" and "roll same position" strategies, the 2nd last day seems to 
outperform slightly more often.
Let me know if you would like to 
1) look at quarter to quarter earning volatility of these strategies or
2) look at effect of incorporating some transaction costs for 
rolling/liquidating positions.
--Stinson
Normal Roll No Roll  Fill Gap
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/21/2000 07:36 AM
John,
Here are the simulations for:
Normal roll:  (same as before, but included for completeness)
No Roll: (liquidate position at end of each month)
Roll to fill price gap
I have included in place of the Roll P/L, the cumulative price gap over all 
the contract rolls ($/bbl).   Negative value means a backwardated market.
Normal Roll No Roll  Fill Gap
Will send the same set of runs for 2nd last day later this morning.
--Stinson
Patience is a virtue.
East Power has hire several traders in a rush.  There down in aggregate 15 
Million.
I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January I will put you on the schedule.
Merry Christmas 
John
john
I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.
bills +3 250
denver -7 250
jack +3 1/2 250
rams -3.5
wash -7
raiders -9 1/2
balt -5
bears lions over 37
eagles bengals under 35 1/2
pats +4
vikings +5.5
those were all 250
hey guys
I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night.  I saw some memo a while ago 
that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60.  Is this correct or does is 
go to 60 immediately.
John
Wednesday at Rainbow lodge.  Can you book it and let me know.
thanks
h
I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like 
him.
Send me a resume and then I'll set him up.
i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next 
week.
its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is 
starting to make sense again.
How's that for VAR management.
Lavo
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/27/2000 08:09 PM
Greg,
Here are results corrected for spread profit per round-trip transaction Prior results incorrectly counted a spread profit per trade.
Stinson
I'm working on it.
john arnold if fixing
Andrea Yowman
12/20/2000 07:14 PM
In preparation for the final VP and MD PRC meeting, Rick has identified you 
as a key business person to provide feedback on employees in his functional 
organization.  We have made arrangements for you to access the Performance 
Management System commonly known as PEP.  The URL is pep.corp.enron.com Please take a few minutes to access the system and provide your feedback on 
the employees indicated under your id.  Rick would greatly appreciate it if 
you could do this by Friday December 29th, but knowing the holidays are upon 
us, no later than Tuesday January 2nd.   Your feedback is critical to this 
process. 
Should you need assistance accessing the system please feel free to contact 
the help desk at ext. 34777,option 4.  Thanks and have a safe holiday.
44207783404 (London) , option 4 
Regulatory:
Based on the on-going CA PUC hearings and opinions of Enron legal and 
regulatory groups, it seems that the Commission is likely to increase tariff 
rates by anywhere from 10 to 20% (PG&E and SCE are arguing for a 30% increase 
- not realistic). The critical decision is to leave EES direct-access 
customers on that tariff. Alternatively, if the PUC rules to end the rate 
freeze, eliminates the existing CTC credits and does not allow EES customers 
to switch to this tariff, we stand to lose somewhere between $600-650 
million, as EES would have to serve their customer loads by buying expensive 
CA power during 2001.
A 10% increase in tariff rates results in ~$50 million loss for EES. However, 
if the tariff is extended beyond 2001, it will create additional value for 
EES (the tariff is lower than Cal-02 power prices 
CA Gov. Davis met with Clinton yesterday where they have decided to extend 
the emergency status in the state.
Ken Lay is scheduled to meet with Davis today to address the following topics:
- clarify any inaccurate information about Enron's role in CA markets
- urge the Governor to not go overboard with this situation and give the 
"world" to the CA utilities
- remind about the upside PG&E and SCE will realize from high valuations of 
hydro plants (increased almost three-fold from a year ago)
Hearings and oral arguments will continue this week. CA PUC decision is 
expected to come on Jan-4th, followed by multiple appeals.
Credit issues:
- Enron is attempting to reduce credit exposure with PG&E, whereby PG&E will 
assign its out-of-the-money trades with Avista and MS to EPMI and    EES will 
assign its in-the-money positions with PG&E to EPMI, creating an off-set. 
These assignments will reduce PG&E exposure by ~$265 MM,    in exchange for 
Avista and MS exposures.
- PUC is not likely to rule removal of retail tariff retroactively (to May 
99) - this will enforce EES position in collecting its accounts receivable 
from    PG&E of ~$150 MM (so far, they have not paid Enron on the premise of 
retroactive ruling).
Market Risk:
12/27 VaR is $7.8 MM - limit violation. An increase of $0.5 MM because of:
- addition of long Feb-01 positions at MidC
- overall increase in prices
- incorrectly booked trades at PJM (50 MWs Cal-03 Long instead of a Short)
My suggestion, at a high level, to Don Black and Dennis Benevides to sell MWs 
in both East and West in order to reduce VaR. However, because of the 
holidays the liquidity in the market is very scarce.
Vlady.
Jane
I finished my reseme and most of the form you gave me.  The only thing I'm 
currently missing is the copy of the passports for my wife and child.
Give me a call on Monday.
tease colts +4 under 48 250
tease colts +4 over 36 250
tease miami +8 under 48 250
tease miami +8 over 36 250
st louis minus 6 1/2 250
Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday.
I was robbed
Denver +3 350
Phili +3 350
Fred
First of all I'm going to kill you.  Belfor asked me to advise him on his 
portfolio.  I'll do it once.  I have a call with him on Tuesday at 2:00.  Can 
you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.
John
P.S.  I'll never call one of your customers again.
current including tb -500 equals 4170
When you sober up give me a call.
Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name.
Comp
Janet 
Communication is always a problem around here.  I have no problem with you 
having access to all pricing reports and origination schedules.
Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations.
Probably a fraud get the id #'s!
k
Happy New Year 
The Executive Support Team would like to make you aware that we have 
experienced 2 instances of a particular issue relating to the Compaq IPAQ 
hand held devices.
ISSUE:  The screen will flip flop the text, rendering the device unusable.
We are researching the issue with Compaq to ascertain whether these instances 
are isolated, or if the problem is more widespread.
Should you experience any issue with your iPAQ, please contact me at ext. 
35428. 
Thank you
S. Paige Cox
Manager Trader & Executive Support/Special Projects
Enron Net Works
office: 713-853-5428
cell: 281-830-1111
paige.cox@
Tim
I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite.  Can 
you send me a copy by Monday.  If not let me know.
Thanks John
Charlene,
Thank you for the invitiation, however, I wanted to let you know that John is 
currently scheduled to be out of the country on January 11.  I have added it 
to his schedule incase his plans change.
Kim
Sent by: Cheryl Kuehl
yes
I have a time on Sunday and the rates are down to 95 at the Houstonian.  Let 
me know.
Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096
Kori
I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade.
You buy 7,750 tons February Nymex delivery @$38.75/ton.  Do you have a ctpty 
name for deal ticket?
kjm
Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of 
the 2001 DPR 
Greg 
Don't forget to ask some option questions.
Thank you for agreeing to interview Manu Asthana Monday, January 8, 2000.
The schedule is as follows and Manu's resume is attached below:
09:00 - 09:45 Rogers Herndon
09:45 - 10:30 Fletch Sturm
10:30 - 11:15 Dana Davis
11:15 - 12:00 Kevin Presto
12:00 - 01:30 Lunch with John Lavorato
01:30 - 02:00 Greg Whalley
02:15 - 02:45 Hunter Shively
02:45 - 03:30 John Arnold
03:30 - 04:15 Mike Maggi
Please plan to meet with Manu in EB3316.  This is the conference room next to 
Dave Delainey's office.
- Manu Asthana.doc
current 4570
minn -8 1/2
oakland -9
tease minn-2 1/2 over 43 1/2
all 200
current 5170
tenn -6 200
ny -4 200
i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday. Did we book the deal?
I will not accept Amerex having the ability to execute over the phone.  Take 
this out of the deal or kill the deal.
John
Jim
This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information. The only 
difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four 
Pickering units (500 mw each) would come back in 2001 (although optimistic) 
followed by one each year after that.  Your report says that all Pickering 
units would come back in 2001.  Even in your report, however, they seem 
doubtful that this is realistic.  The Bruce Units (3000 mw) appear to be dead 
for a long time if not for good.
,  John
P.S.  I'll call you soon on are project, currently on hold until 2001 if we 
decide to build in Ontario 
Kevin
I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite.  Can 
I see a copy ahead of time.
Thanks 
John Lavorato
Rob 
Give me a call sometime about this trade.
I have no interest.
Thanks
I want all the extra VAR you can give me for the next few weeks.
Please let me know if and how much that is.
John
I'm a strong yes on these issues.
So I didn't violate yesterday.
Bob keeps trying to stack and roll his date for leaving.
Don't let him.
John
Mike 
I'm coming down this week.  We'll talk about it then.
John
At some point when you less busy, I would like you to look into one of the 
Compressor service deals.
John said yes - call me if you have questions.
k
Jeffrey C Gossett@ECT
01/10/2001 11:22 AM
John -
Will you need any of my group to come in on Martin Luther King day?
Please move the names_jlavora.nsf and jorunal_jlavora.nsf files to the 
appropriate locations on his mail server (nahou-lnmai16).  You can either hit 
me on the Nextel (56517)  or page me (713-327-9348) when this is ready, so I 
can complete his iPAQ installation.
Thanks
-Mike Hernandez
Dave
I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis.
I would like your opinion.
Lavo
713-853-7991
yes  
I will follow up.
Lavo
Quick someone call Owen.
Peter Keohane@ECT
Sent by: Sharon Crawford@ECT
01/12/2001 05:40 PM
I'm getting closer.
Can you resend me the initial memo.
I just read this email now.  It might be too late.
current 5110 
big one coming on the superbowl.
check with Oxley
Good Job
Does EES have any exposure.
William S Bradford@ECT
01/17/2001 08:11 AM
We actually forced Craig Breslau and Fred Lagrasta to unwind an unapproved 
one year trade with their subsidiary Savannah Foods in April 2000.  In 
hindsight, it appears to be quite a good call.
Bill
Jason R Williams@
01/17/2001 07:51 AM
FYI, Imperial Holly Corporation filed for Chapter 11 protection yesterday Counterparties affected would be:
Imperial Holly Corporation
Holly Sugar Corporation
At the present, we have no trades with either of these counterparties.
Jay
Add Wes to these notes.
Thanks John
Kelly
Unfortunately Enron moved me to Houston.  I will not be able to participate 
in Enviros this year.
John Lavorato
Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto  (Greg Wolfe) to George McClellan 
under the following  conditions.
1 -  Volumes will not fall.  In fact they will increase.
2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then 
East Power will have no Emmisions Positions,
3 -  Janel Guerrero (middle marketer) will follow the book to coal.
4 - East Power and Coal will get together and (hopefully) agree on a transfer 
pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not 
keeping.
Give me a call if there are any issues.
I've got my financing covered.  Cash and Enron.  However I did enjoy the 
e-mail.
Lavo
If we post Canada Power, post Canada Gas.
It's fine.  We don't need to meet.
Contact Rob Milnthorp and tell him that I strongly recommend that he give a 
donation.  Also, Rob might be a great addition to your team.
John
This is what we executed yesterday,
Jeffrey C Gossett@ECT
01/18/2001 06:19 PM
Napoleonville Pad Gas:
$3,000,000 4th quarter 2000
$1,000,000 Jan.  18th
$1,302,036 Schedule C
Jean -  Let me know if you need additional documentation.
Christopher F Calger@ECT
01/21/2001 04:00 PM
Barry,
FYI the California QF's are negotiating a settlement deal with Edison and the 
state of California which would fix energy payments over five years Currently the energy payments are indexed to Socal Border because a majority 
of the Edison QF's buy spot gas.  If this settlement happens, the QF's will 
likely want to buy financial swaps.  The Edison gas-fired QF's represent 
about 500MMCF/Day of gas.
Chris
That's why we love you.
Vlady
Don't change correlations until we discuss.
Lavo
Mark Powell@ECT
01/19/2001 09:23 AM
Please find attached a form of resignation relating to your office of 
Managing Director of Enron Canada Corp.  Please sign the document and have 
Kim forward it to me at your earliest convenience.  If you have any concerns, 
my number is (403) 974-6708.
Thanks,
Mark Powell.
Frank Hayden
01/22/2001 01:29 PM
01/22 12:52 UPDATE 1-Enron distances itself from Calif. power crisis 
HOUSTON, Jan 22 (Reuters) - Energy powerhouse Enron Corp.  distanced itself from California's power crisis, saying the turmoil which has 
brought the state's two largest utilities to the brink of bankruptcy would 
not impact its bottom line. 
"We do not expect the California situation to have any significant effect on 
Enron's financial outlook, specifically our ability to hit 2001 targets Jeff Skilling, the president and chief operating officer of North America's 
biggest buyer and seller of electricity and natural gas, said in a conference 
call with analysts. 
Skilling also said there hadn't been any significant impact on fourth quarter 
earnings, noting that Enron did not own electricity generation assets in 
California, where rolling electricity blackouts were imposed last week and 
the state's top two utilities are running out of money as they face soaring 
wholesale electricity costs. 
Having sold electricity to the state's main utilities, generating companies 
such as Reliant Energy Inc.  of not receiving payments from Pacific Gas and Electric, a unit of PG&E Corp. 
At the same time, some have claimed that power generators have taken 
advantage of the crisis by over-charging the state's utilities, which, as 
part of deregulation, cannot pass on skyrocketing electricity prices to 
consumers. 
"California is a much smaller percentage of our overall earnings than some of 
the other energy companies, particularly generators," Skilling said, adding 
that the company only participates in the merchant business of buying and 
selling electricity. 
"The bottom line is this: We are not overexposed in California or anywhere 
else for that matter Shares of Enron rose $2-3/8 to $73-7/16 on the New York Stock Exchange after 
it reported earnings before nonrecurring items rose 34 percent, to $347 
million in the fourth quarter.
Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion.
Billy
We need to hedge funds.
Caroline Abramo
01/22/2001 12:18 PM
Most of the macro hedge funds want to trade global crude products and gas 
options immediately.  However,  I am having a big problem getting Tudor and 
like funds up and running on EOL-
Problems:
#1: Credit- major back-log on new names - we don't have enough resources to 
deal with these names (the structures of the funds can be complex- not like 
dealing with industrials #2: With those that we have docs, credit has said we can not trade on-line. 
The only differences I see with funds trading online is that their trades 
need to go to credit's (Bill Bradford's group) to be included in daily MTM 
and 5 day VAR reports.  We calculate variation margin off these reports so 
its essential credit gets the trades 
AND
In the case of Tudor, they allocate trades between funds- the EOL trades 
would need to go to me or the backoffice, so we could allocate them.
I think the EOL reporting issues can easily be resolved- the credit back log 
is the real killer at the moment.
Rgds,
Caroline
Andy Zipper
01/22/2001 11:15 AM
Now that gas options have been launched how are they being received ? Have 
you been able to convince any funds to trade. I've heard that Tudor is a huge 
player. where do they stand ?
Orlando
On Ed Graham.
I pushed the issue with Cliff and Kevin Hannon.
Kevin, Cliff and Jeff Donanue (current head of M&A for Broadband) met on the 
issue after I talked to them.  They have decided to give him 6 months to 
perform or he will be let go.  His bonus for 2000 will be 0. 
I know you wanted a different outcome but this is the best I could do.
John
Michael M Driscoll@ECT
01/23/2001 04:33 PM
Michael M Driscoll@ECT
01/23/2001 04:33 PM
Mike,
Tonight John and I are going to be migrated to Outlook.  Please note that 
John has a laptop computer that is at his home.  I have spoken with Randy 
about this and he is to be following up with you.  I would like for you to 
accompany Greg out to the Lavorato home to complete the migration on to his 
computer.
Also, please note that I gave my and John's passwords to a lady that stopped 
by my desk today (she is with the migration group).  Could you please confirm 
for me tomorrow that they have been shreaded.
Thanks
k
Were not hiring him
Tim Belden@ECT
01/24/2001 04:57 PM
see attached.
The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL 
performance.  Not bad for a cunuck.
Shank
It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some 
credit mitigation.  Can you talk to him,
Thanks Lavo
P.S.
Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week.
Howard
Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little 
complicated.
1.  I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include 
me in the loop.
2. Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the 
position.  If you need help let me know.
John  
Tim 
Can you get someone (perhaps a marketer) to give me a one pager on the WAPA 
deal.
Mark 
Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went.  If you need my help 
let me know 
Laura E Scott
01/25/2000 07:42 PM
The attached spreadsheet outlines the remaining income (assuming no further 
recovery) to be recorded on Blue Range.  There is an issue regarding the 
foreign exchange on the Houston reserve as detailed on this spreadsheet Canada's position is that this is a Canadian dollar denominated transaction 
and we should be kept whole on the Canadian dollars.  Please review, Wanda, 
and let me know if you have any questions 
Milly, I wouldn't quite have writtin this the way Laura did.  Let's talk.
Angela.
How is Thursday the 16th of May.  Call me John. 713-853-7991
Yes Thursday may 18th.
Chris, 
I'll figure this out,  Please stop sending me this email.
I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email.  I 
guess he needs to send it.
Gentlemen (and I use the term loosely Now that you have been duly authorized by the COO and CRO of Enron to have 
global risk responsibility, you need to authorize the individual responsible 
for each individual commodity group delineated in the Risk Management 
Policy.  I took the liberty of making a stab at it for you.  Please review 
attachment and let me know if you have  any changes.  If ok, I will forward 
to you for your signature and on to Rick Buy to make official.  These 
individuals will then be responsible for designating those that can transact 
on their behalf Any questions, please call me asap. 
Ted x3-3324
On Friday, May 5, 2000 , Rick Buy and Jeff Skillling signed a memo 
designating John Lavorato (Western Hemishere) and John Sherriff (Eastern 
Hemisphere)
as the responsible parties for signing the Daily Positiion Report.  Please 
obtain Greg Whalley's approval for all DPR's prior to that date.  Going 
forward, please coordinate with each as to their preferred method of 
designating approval.  I assume you will use e-mail until such time that the 
Executive Reports Viewer can be changed to accomodate this change.  I will 
also assume that you are working on that solution unless otherwise informed 
John Sherriff/John Lavorato
The memo was exactly as had been sent to you in draft form.  Responsibility 
for LNG continues to be somewhat unclear, however, as it pertains to global 
risk oversight, John Sherriff is officially responsible until further notice.
Any questions, please call me at 3-3324
Ted
GOOD
I think the list is OK.  Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books.
Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke.
THIS IS NO JOKE PLEASE SENDTHIS TO ALL OF CALGARY.  THANKS ANGELA 
TODAY IS NATIONAL FUN DAY AT WORK (so get to work!)
THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK!
JOHN LAVORATO
aPPROVED
Jon
Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading 
and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses So please ignore them.
Approved
I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page.
1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet.
2. Power Sheets
3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. 
Milly .
If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. (It sounds like you should if 
your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity 
group.
Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts.
If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees.
Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the 
credit group.
The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on 
the DPR.
Tim
Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L.
Mark
Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we 
deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract 
would be great.
Thanks
John
APPROVED
Aleck Dadson
01/28/2000 01:23 PM
John, attached is a brief memo for you to pass on to J. Sutton.  It address 
both Ontario and Alberta.  My understanding is that the two people that Mr. 
Sutton is meeting next Wednesday at the Canadian Embassy  are Jim Wilson 
(Ontario Minister of Energy) and Tony Clement (Ontario Minister of the 
Environment , also Minister of Municipal Affairs).  Accordingly, I suspect 
that the  part on Ontario will be most relevant for Mr. Sutton's purposes It occurs to me that Mr. Sutton might want: a) a brief profile of each of 
Wilson and Clement  (i.e there is some personal data that he may find of 
interest for conversation purposes - i.e. Wilson is very proud of the fact 
that his great- uncle, Father Jim Wilson, founded Little League baseball in 
Houston); and b) a memo setting out some key messages which Mr. Sutton might 
deliver regarding the Ontario market.  Let me know and I can get that stuff 
to you on Monday to forward on 
Joe
My regulatory lawyers wrote a biief update of the Canadian Power market.  If 
you have any questions please give me a call.
approved
Kevin
I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will 
probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp 
(Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is 
going, you should meet with him before he goes.
Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder.
test
Hector,
Thank you for the installation, however, do you know who I should contact in 
to the monitors?
Thanks
Kim Hillis
x30681
Hector Ruiz
05/18/2000 05:19 PM
--- Automatic Notification System ( Request #: DRUF-4KDGW7 )
Requested For: John J Lavorato
Requested By:  Jessica Ramirez
The installation of the equipment (see below) has been completed.
EN 6600 128mg MEMORY
EN 6600 DESKTOP
Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports 
website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks
Susan,
I have $50 for you from John.  Would you like for me to have it delivered to 
you or would you like to come by and pick it up?
If you would like it delivered, please let me know what your new EB location 
is.
Thanks
Kim Hillis
x30681
Susan Skarness @ ECT
05/16/2000 08:06 AM
Thank you very much for your support of me and Enron in the annual Summer 
Stroll for Epilepsy.   The event took place this past Saturday and was a lot 
of fun.  Your generous donation of $50 enabled me to pass my personal goal of 
$3,000 by $65. Thank you!!
We have been asked to collect the money by Friday, May 19, so if you will 
call me once your check is ready, I will be glad to pick it up.  Please make 
your check payable to the Epilepsy Foundation.  Thank you again for your 
donation and support!
Susan
3-6262
just so you know.
I've talked to zufferli, cowan and lambie this week.  I'm working on it.
Rick
I would like to make the temperary VAR permanent.  I would give most to gas and some to power.  I feel like its the best place in the company for it.
Please let me know. 
John
Barry,
FYI the California QF's are negotiating a settlement deal with Edison and the state of California which would fix energy payments over five years.  Currently the energy payments are indexed to Socal Border because a majority of the Edison QF's buy spot gas.  If this settlement happens, the QF's will likely want to buy financial swaps.  The Edison gas-fired QF's represent about 500MMCF/Day of gas.
Chris
That's why we love you.
Vlady
Don't change correlations until we discuss.
Lavo
Please find attached a form of resignation relating to your office of Managing Director of Enron Canada Corp.  Please sign the document and have Kim forward it to me at your earliest convenience.  If you have any concerns, my number is (403) 974-6708.
Thanks,
Mark Powell.
01/22 12:52 UPDATE 1-Enron distances itself from Calif. power crisis 
HOUSTON, Jan 22 (Reuters) - Energy powerhouse Enron Corp "We do not expect the California situation to have any significant effect on Enron's financial outlook, specifically our ability to hit 2001 targets," Jeff Skilling, the president and chief operating officer of North America's biggest buyer and seller of electricity and natural gas, said in a conference call with analysts. 
Skilling also said there hadn't been any significant impact on fourth quarter earnings, noting that Enron did not own electricity generation assets in California, where rolling electricity blackouts were imposed last week and the state's top two utilities are running out of money as they face soaring wholesale electricity costs. 
Having sold electricity to the state's main utilities, generating companies such as Reliant Energy Inc At the same time, some have claimed that power generators have taken advantage of the crisis by over-charging the state's utilities, which, as part of deregulation, cannot pass on skyrocketing electricity prices to consumers. 
"California is a much smaller percentage of our overall earnings than some of the other energy companies, particularly generators," Skilling said, adding that the company only participates in the merchant business of buying and selling electricity. 
"The bottom line is this: We are not overexposed in California or anywhere else for that matter Shares of Enron rose $2-3/8 to $73-7/16 on the New York Stock Exchange after it reported earnings before nonrecurring items rose 34 percent, to $347 million in the fourth quarter.
Billy
We need to hedge funds.
Most of the macro hedge funds want to trade global crude products and gas options immediately.  However,  I am having a big problem getting Tudor and like funds up and running on EOL-
Problems:
#1: Credit- major back-log on new names - we don't have enough resources to deal with these names (the structures of the funds can be complex- not like dealing with industrials #2: With those that we have docs, credit has said we can not trade on-line 
The only differences I see with funds trading online is that their trades need to go to credit's (Bill Bradford's group) to be included in daily MTM and 5 day VAR reports.  We calculate variation margin off these reports so its essential credit gets the trades 
AND
In the case of Tudor, they allocate trades between funds- the EOL trades would need to go to me or the backoffice, so we could allocate them.
I think the EOL reporting issues can easily be resolved- the credit back log is the real killer at the moment.
Rgds,
Caroline
Andy Zipper
01/22/2001 11:15 AM
Now that gas options have been launched how are they being received ? Have you been able to convince any funds to trade. I've heard that Tudor is a huge player. where do they stand ?
Mike,
Tonight John and I are going to be migrated to Outlook.  Please note that John has a laptop computer that is at his home.  I have spoken with Randy about this and he is to be following up with you.  I would like for you to accompany Greg out to the Lavorato home to complete the migration on to his computer.
Also, please note that I gave my and John's passwords to a lady that stopped by my desk today (she is with the migration group).  Could you please confirm for me tomorrow that they have been shreaded.
Thanks
k
Were not hiring him
This week or next week.
OK. So I take it we will let Presto sign this week?
Send me a latest and greatest contract summary.
I think that Presto honestly just didn't have time to read his.  Other than him, I consider this process finished and all other outstanding documents expired.
When I rework the summary we will sit down and talk about it.
John
see attached.
Rebecca
The South American's did't get me the data in time for you meeting with Skilling.  However, I'm still working on it.  Also, Kiskill and Orlando are coming next week so I'll get deep into the Electro stuff then.
John
P.S.  How are you making out on our paintings?
Monica Lande@ECT
10/31/2000 11:44 PM
Chris,
We will not be able to publish a preliminary DPR or position report for 10/31.  Port Calc has suffered a serious code crash, and the numbers generated are erroneous.  Our IT support will be working through the night to repair the code (Zhiyong's group), and hopefully by tomorrow morning we will be able to rerun an official book 
If you have any questions, please feel free to call.
Thanks,
Monica Lande 
834-3722
ok
Working you
What's a dealerboard.
John Lavorato
Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03
Dave Delainey
Rob Milnthorp
Barry Tycholiz
Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms.
Thanks
John
ocean view
Sticking to Motocross eh.
I have a meeting tomorrow.  Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are.
On Wednesday we will be having a mini Trading Track interview session.  The quality may not resemble the first session we had but I thought it would be worth it if we can find a couple more folks to put in the program.  We will probably have a much bigger one later in the year after the new analysts and associates join.  I had a couple of observations from last time.
1.  I think we were too hard on external candidates.  There are 5 or 6 external candidates.  Remember that they don't have the Enron grounding that the internal candidates have.  Most of them are not in the Gas or Electricity industry.  Try to evaluate them on their intrinsic qualities.
2.  Some people have not thought about trading concepts and are unfamiliar with trading lingo.  That doesn't mean that they will not be good traders one day. I think we were a little biased based on someones ability to run a stack tommorrow 
John
The two cheap guys -  Tycholiz and Lavorato
Change Milnthorp to Calger.
Yes
6437 Mercer St. 
Houston Tx
77005
P.S.  I hate golf.
The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security.  Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server.
I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me.  Let me know.  I didn't think I needed to do your review.
Can you get me his undergrad grades.
Sarah I trust you.  Just tell her what we need.