- FARTINGI.AVI
- RFC-822.TXT
i laughed until i cried
totally serious
did you get my email yesterday?  i emailed you to see if you could get me the 
numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys.  go ahead and send 
them to me if you have them.  i would love to go to miami on april 6th but i 
might have a wedding in new orleans.  if i don't have to go to this wedding i 
will go to your engagement party.  things are good here.  i am still dating 
this girl that i was dating when i was home over xmas.  i guess we are 
boyfriend/girlfriend b/c she gave me the business last night on how she 
wanted to be treated and crap like that.  i like her though.  so how does 
that work for your wedding?  what all is the wedding party expected to pay 
for?  work is good.  i have just been working and partying.  email me back or 
i will call you and max this weekend.
take care
matt
i really want to go to miami
what is going on?  are you  tired today.  i think we are going to meet at my 
place around 6:30 to go to the rodeo thing tonight.  let me know if you are 
going to come.  email me back
matt
ps-  hi jenn
it was so good to hear from you last night.  it made me feel so much better 
that you are home and ok.  hopefully everything goes well and we can see 
eachother in the black hills.  i will try to call this weekend.  tell 
everyone hello.
love matt
number is 504-598-1737.  he is in.  call if you want to go out b/c there will 
be 4 girls who want to party.
so we are going to meet at my place at 630?
today is very good.  you brought me the luck today
are you going to go out with me on valentines day?
i will ride with you
we are going to be at the enron booth around 7 tonight?  are you guys still 
going?
when is your bachelor party?
one of my friends is picking me up. i guess we will   around 7.
you had better not have another date.  you are a player though.  call me when 
you get home so i know if you are going to the rodeo tonight.  hopefully you 
can make it.  talk to you later.
you have to give me a second to reply.  so you are going to meet me there?  i 
can leave you tickets for the booth at my place or you can call me on my cell 
when you get there.    i will put your name on the list at the enron booth my cell phone is 7138258410.  if i dont hear it call again.  if i don't hear 
it after the second time check the booth and i will try to put your name on 
the list.  did your friends say it was fun last night?  i will be drinking a 
lot tonight so don't give me grief like last time.  i am real sensitive.
what time are you going to go?
it was fun.  i am still dead.  way too much partying.  how was your weekend?
you can go whenever.  just let me know so if you meet me there i can look out 
for you around then.  i am going at 630 if you guys want to meet up then.
my place.  so you can meet us there or i can get your name on the list.  i 
can definately get you in no matter what so if you don't want to go that 
early you dont have to.  let me know.  i am going to wear my cowboy hat and 
my bolla tie.
are you going to the rodeo tonight?
around there
.sounds good
yeah.  we will be at the enron booth.
i don't know what it is about having a girlfriend, but it is the best way to 
meet other girls.  is she hot?  maybe we could meet up one night or something 
like that.  how was your weekend?  i went to the cook off both nights and had 
a blast.  how old is this girl?
ask them when would be a good time for them to go to phoenix one weekend.  i 
would love to go visit them in phoenix and golf for 4 days.  just see when 
they can go and i will coordinate the trip.   i will call them tonight.
love matt
i will let you know.  if i play lets up the money to $10/hole.  you are so 
bad i don't think i can lose to you.
did he go out on sat?  that would make him a real champ 
it was ok.  i spent a lot of time at the casino.  did you stay home or go to 
austin?  texas looked pretty good on friday.  how is your dad?
shirley.s.elliott@citicorp.com on 12/04/2000 05:26:21 PM
- GRANNYL.MPG
that is pretty bad since you suck so bad at golf
what is cheaper and when is the concert
do we need to wear disguises so we don't get killed?  lets get seat so we can 
sneak in booze.
lets get tickets
i don't think i will play on sat
i am just seeing this girl.  i has only been a couple of months.  lets all 
meet up one night and party.
it is only worth it for $10/hole.  you shouldn't even waste your money on a 
nice course.  you need lessons.  stop losing money to me and wasting your 
money at a nice course.  lessons will help.
i won $14
trying to get a head count on who wants to go to def leppard.   everyone 
knows they love def leppard so i don't want any replies making fun of me b/c 
i am going to the concert.  it is march 1st and it is gonna rock.   the whole 
thing is gonna be mullets and cougars so it should be fun.  let me know if 
you want to go.
i think i wrote down the wrong number.  call again.
i am in
everyone wants to go.  we will get a huge group to go.
you guys looked like you were discussing lots of interesting things.  i bet 
your boyfriend was upset.
when do we need to get tickets?  here is a list of people who want to go:
tim
bryan 
eric
shana
lisa
susan
i am just teasing you, but you did introduce us to some guy you went out with 
who is an analyst here.  i had so much fun on sat night.  it was crazy.
you said " this is my sweet baby"
saturday is better for me.  just let me know.
depends on the year.  generally around 10,000 miles a year.   don't get 
anything with more miles than that.  and if you are looking for something 
aroung 98 or 97 see if it is still under warranty.  you are such a shooter 
my address is 
1212 fairview unit A 
houston, tx 77006
i think my mom's address is 
340 filmore
denver 80206   but i am not sure
i will try to call this week 
just whenever.  i would rather go out as a group.
is anyone from denver going?  let me know what the guest list looks like.  i 
would love to go, but i need to check flights and all that stuff.
is that supposed to be funny?
i wanted to stay for a few weeks.  just kidding.  i am thinking 3-4 days they is robbie and becky.  let me know what they say.
everyone wants to go
johnny cash is so  cool
lets buy 8.  i can put them on a credit card or whatever.
i was just kidding.  you are easy to tease.
looks like a deal.  i think i am going to go to your bachelor party and not 
miami.  i bet you are real excited about that.  lets set up golf for fri or 
sat.  you missed a good night on sat.
don't they have one every hour
that is good
Edward D Gottlob
02/13/2001 09:05 AM
- mullet.pps
Paul T Lucci@
02/13/2001 05:56 AM
Sent by: Paul T Lucci@
(See attached file: karate_l.mpe)
- karate_l.mpe
Susan M Scott
12/05/2000 03:29 PM
Hey guys,
Just wanted to let you know that Kori Loibl has offered up her apartment as a 
Pre-party spot.  The financial desk will be there as well as Purvi & her 
boyfriend and  Mo "the bomb" Sanchez and her fianc,e John.  Don't know if you 
guys have any interest, but the offer's open.  Either way, we'll have to find 
someplace extend the festivities after the X-mas party shuts down...(the 
Black Swan, Eu-grope-a, etc).
Susan
lisa found this to pump us up
Please forward to mitch and all others attending the Rodeo's concert of the 
year.
Gotta love these guys 
mo
Susan M Scott
02/13/2001 10:42 AM
Daniel Diamond
02/13/2001 08:52 AM
ddiamond  pics
- Gmoney.jpg
- Hully.JPG
Mike Grigsby
01/22/2001 12:08 PM
Matt 
Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and 
by pipe in CA.  Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be 
shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure.  Let's discuss 
the impact on sendouts.
Thanks,
Grigsby
Philip is a list of the gas plants.  CEC list is all plants including QFs and 
non QFs (i.e.utility plants and the IPPs - Reliant, SOuthern et al 
Chris
Mike Grigsby
01/09/2001 02:26 PM
Kristian J Lande
01/02/2001 06:15 PM
looks bleek.  we need to buy.  these brokers suck.
hold up on that
i might have tickets
if you feel lucky
Luis Mena@
02/13/2001 01:33 PM
a little liar's at 5??
how are finals going?  what day are you going to come to houston?  any time 
is fine, just let me know.  should be a fun weekend.  we can head out 
downtown afterwards and hit some of the wierd clubs.  good luck with the rest 
of you finals.
matt
i got 6 tickets to the concert.  they are club level seats and should be 
pretty good.  we still need two and i can work on those b/t now and the 
concert.
club level
did you tell  her i have great ankles
i won't know until the tickets are delivered.
we might need 3 or 4.  i will get bass to get them
no.  i hate live music.  is this girl hot?  i don't want to meet her and get 
that dissappointed look on my face.
i didn't get them through the big e.  some punk broker.
that is secondary.  i am more of a face man.  just kidding.  kind of.
i will take your word for it.
happy valentines day.  i will see you tonight. 
nice email.  anyway, congratulations on your recent engagement.  max saved 
you from becoming a major cougar like your buddy stacey.  just kidding.  i 
was really happy for both of you.  as far a my responsibilities as the best 
man, i need to make sure that we send max out of the single life in style don't worry, there will not be anything crazy going on with hired 
entertainment or anything.  how is work going for you?  must be going well 
since you and max just bought a big house.  i will be in town on dec 22nd so 
be ready to go out.
hey annie!   good to hear from you.  how is everything going?  do you have a 
valentine?  i have one.  it is a girl i have been seen for a few months.  you 
are so lucky you get to go skiing.  i wish i could hit the slopes.  i haven't 
skiied in over a year.  you do need a rich guy to support you in san fran it is so expensive there.  you could just go anna nicole and get some guy who 
is almost dead and inherit all his cash.  you're not that type of girl though 
which is good.  who else lives up there.  i thought erin and her sister lived 
there also.  i can't remember.  keep in touch and stay warm there 
matt
nice
can you record temptation island tonight?
you memorized the tv guide?  you really know your stuff.
there is a 1997 bmw 318 for sale here.  the price is $15k and i has 40K miles 
on it.  looks like it is loaded.
sluts?
told you i was sweet.  i will give it to you tonight 
it says velvet metallic blue.  i have no idea what kind of blue that is.  it 
also says that it is still under warranty 
sorry about leaving last night.  i know that was selfish.  you always stay 
over when it isn't convienient for you and i should have stayed.  i don't 
want you to think that i am trying to just walk all over you b/c i am not.  i 
did have a good time last night and i am sorry i ruined it at the end hopefully you are not too mad.  email me later.
i will check today.  i received 6 yesterday.
here is a marriage video for you to enjoy
 I've got game....'Ole!