- Bloomberg_gold_charts.doc 
1 user of accumap
I'll look into the other issues, I just thought that you may know who may be handling it, we may just do it directly from Calgary
John:
I have not found anyone who was trying to renew these contracts.  I am meeting with IHS on Thursday so I will make sure we add Accumap.  How many user of Accumap will you need?  I will forward the cost to you prior to sending the contracts to UBS 
Do you know who managed the contracts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS or ESBI so that I can gather contact information and begin the contract management of these applications.
Thanks,
Danielle  
I have no knowledge of anyone looking into the resources listed.
Chris
Chris / Lloyd:
To answer John's question do you know if anyone is looking into NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, or ESBI 
Thanks,
Danielle
Danielle, in general we need everything that Houston gets in addition to the info that is listed as Calgary on your spreadsheet.  One information source in not listed on your sheet.
IHS Accumap		Priority 2	Contact: Carmen (403) 770-4503 phone, (403) 874-4218 cell
Can you tell me if anyone in Houston is working on setting up accounts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, ESBI?  These are gas and power related entities that we have to have accounts with the schedule physical gas and electricity.
John:
Here are the contracts we are currently creating with UBS.  Please verify that we have not missed any applications/publications or subscriptions 
Highlight in Red the systems you will need and mark the priority from 1-5,  1 being critical.
Thank you,
Danielle 
Offer price is $61.50
Hi John;
I have a commitment (signed application) from the client to contract for power from Enron Direct. I now need to fix the price with you. I had given the attached spreadsheet to Jason last week and the load following ratio was calculated at 1.12 to the flat block pricing. 
The power flow date is July 20, 2001 and ends at 0:00 A.M. on August 1, 2002.
The data on the spreadsheet is the notional quantity of power in kW, for each day, by hour ending, by month. 
Total annual consumption is 3,778,235 kW.
Normally I would get Jason or Shawn to give me the price but I understand they are out of the office for the afternoon.
Please advise me if you need anything else.
Thanks,
Mark Dickin.
Dear Participants:
I'm writing to provide you with an update on our progress to launch the
Automated Dispatch and Messaging System, or 'ADaMS' for short. In my May 25
note I outlined the efficiency benefits of the new system, and attached a
copy of our tentative implementation schedule.
Since then, we've been busy testing the product to make sure it meets the
Power Pool's standards for quality, and the expectations of our
participants. And to be frank, at this point in time it doesn't quite
measure up. We feel we'd be jeopardizing the quality of the product to meet
the timeline. And that's not the way we do business. Instead, we've decided
to shift the launch to early September 2001. The change will also provide
additional time for participants to prepare, especially during the summer
holiday season, and allow for more one-on-one training with individual
participants as requested.
Our technical staff will be contacting you in July, to ensure you can
connect to the system and receive test dispatches.  Also, we will contact
you with a firmer implementation schedule as we approach September.
In the meantime, if you have any questions please feel free to contact
either myself at (403) 233-6491, or your respective Participant Liaison
listed below.
Company Name:   A-E  Elizabeth Vergara (403) 233-6405
elizabeth.vergara@powerpool.ab.ca
F-Z  Karen Mazuryk (403) 705-8509
karen.mazuryk@powerpool.ab.ca
Thank you for your cooperation.
Sincerely,
POWER POOL OF ALBERTA
Alastair Stewart,
Manager, Customer and Corporate Services
alastair.stewart@powerpool.ab.ca
This is not just a July 6 issue.  Before June 29, my 2nd order effects have been less thatn 15000 CDN$.
For the following days, my 2nd order effects have been:
June 29		C$ (216,729)
July 2		C$ (140,533)
July 3		C$ (212,285)
July 5		C$ (117,156)
July 6		C$ (385,535)
July 9		C$ (264,504)
What is going on?  Can you explain ?
The following is a summary of our findings regarding the high 2nd order for option deal 638008 , effective date July 6, previous date July 5:
The total deal daily change: -172899 is correct.
The historical greeks and curve shift are correct. They add up to -62084
The daily liquidation value  [196872] is not correct, and is pushing the 2nd order to a very high (highly negative) amount. Upon examining the option liquidation report, we find that there is $43680 in liquidation and $153192 in expiring options. 
This totals to $196872. The issue is, the expiring options are no longer part of the option's effective date value, and they were part of the previous date's value (since they hadn't expired yet). Therefore, the liquidation values should be:
Liq: $43680
Expired: -$153198
which totals to a negative value of -109512. If we use this value (-109512) in the daily liquidation column (which arguably could be split between liquidation and expiry) instead of the current value (196872), which results in a second order value of -1297.
We are still discussing the causes and implications of this issue. Please let us know if you have any further questions or if you have any issues with this explanation.
,
Marcelo L. Meira
Sr IT Developer
Enron Networks - Houston, TX
(713) 345-3436
Can you explain this in english to me??
This just talks about July 6, what about the days since June 29.
I hope that the curves for today came down ok.
The following is a summary of our findings regarding the high 2nd order for option deal 638008 , effective date July 6, previous date July 5:
The total deal daily change: -172899 is correct.
The historical greeks and curve shift are correct. They add up to -62084
The daily liquidation value  [196872] is not correct, and is pushing the 2nd order to a very high (highly negative) amount. Upon examining the option liquidation report, we find that there is $43680 in liquidation and $153192 in expiring options. 
This totals to $196872. The issue is, the expiring options are no longer part of the option's effective date value, and they were part of the previous date's value (since they hadn't expired yet). Therefore, the liquidation values should be:
Liq: $43680
Expired: -$153198
which totals to a negative value of -109512. If we use this value (-109512) in the daily liquidation column (which arguably could be split between liquidation and expiry) instead of the current value (196872), which results in a second order value of -1297.
We are still discussing the causes and implications of this issue. Please let us know if you have any further questions or if you have any issues with this explanation.
,
Marcelo L. Meira
Sr IT Developer
Enron Networks - Houston, TX
(713) 345-3436
John,
I lost the following on 2nd order in the options book (in Canadian 
June 29: 	(216,759)
July 2:		(140,533)
July 3:		(212,285)
July 5:		(117,156)
July 6:		(385,535)
July 9:		(264,504)
Total		(1,336,772)
Prior to June 29, the largest 2nd order was <15,000 
I think you need to do this.  They want the info today for PRC reasons.
Hi John,
As I mentioned in my voice mail, Louise has asked that we confirm the information on the attachment, and if appropriate, allocate funds to everyone involved with these deals. We initially assigned the funds to your name because there were not any names listed in the Risk Books for these deals. (please refer to Canada-Zufferli on the Originator tab.)
If you could, please let me know your thoughts by the end of day today per her request.  I'm at x30352 if you have any questions. Thanks!
Hi Louise,
As requested, attached is a file that contains June YTD Originations by Originator.
We've arranged the file in the following sorts:
by team
by Originator (sorted alphabetically)
by Originator (sorted by value)
Top 10 Overall Originators by Value
Top 10 Originators- Gas
Top 10 Originators- Power
An item to note is that not all deals had a related individual's name (such as Enduser)- we left the listing as it appears in the Risk Book in these cases.
We'll send you an update if the DPR amounts move (the DPR isn't final yet.)
Please let me know if you need any additional information!
home number is (403) 685-4817
Here is the hedge summary for July 3/01.
Two things to note are: 	1) I bought 125 MW of Cal 02 flat from Mirant for a 10 GJ/MWh heat rate
2) There is now a 20 year AECO basis curve, so the fixed price AECO gas from cal 15 on is generated off this curve.  Before the AECO basis
curve stopped at Cal 14 
according to the packet that was distributed in the meeting today with BC, it appears that Calpine, El Paso, Williams, AEC Marketing, AEC Storage are all FEB 1, this doesn't jive with what you just sent, wassup?
Further to our meeting today, please find attached the list of contracts ECC is taking the view are properly terminated and the dates of such termination (in ECC's opinion).  This list was last updated on January 9, 2002 before I went away, so Bryan, if there are any other counterparties that should be added to the list, can you please let Kyle, Eric, John and myself know as soon as possible?
Thanks
Greg
I sent you an update of the Hedge Summary for July 3, 2001.
In that I mentioned that I bought 125 MW of Cal02 at 10 HR flat.  I am long over 500 MW at this heat rate.  The biggest risk in this position is a large hydro year that
tanks the Mid-C (i.e. uncorrelated event with gas).  Mid-C off-peak is $47 USD, Nymex fixed price for Cal02 is $3.79 USD and Sumas basis is $0.16 for Cal02.  This implies a heat rate of close to 
11.9 for the off-peak Mid-C.
I am thinking about buying back some AECO gas hedge for Cal02, then selling Mid-C off-peak to replace the gas hedge.  Perhaps as winter blow-out protection, buy some Jan-Feb Sumas basis 
The trade for a 25 MW long Alberta flat position would be:
a) sell 25 MW of Mid-C off-peak
b) buy 0.25 contracts /day of AECO fixed price Cal02 gas (i.e. to unwind the off-peak Alberta portion of the the gas hedge)
c) buy 0.25 contracts/day of Sumas Jan-Feb basis
See what you think??
I sent you an update of the Hedge Summary for July 3, 2001.
In that I mentioned that I bought 125 MW of Cal02 at 10 HR flat.  I am long over 500 MW at this heat rate.  The biggest risk in this position is a large hydro year that
tanks the Mid-C (i.e. uncorrelated event with gas).  Mid-C off-peak is $47 USD, Nymex fixed price for Cal02 is $3.79 USD and Sumas basis is $0.16 for Cal02.  This implies a heat rate of close to 
11.9 for the off-peak Mid-C.
I am thinking about buying back some AECO gas hedge for Cal02, then selling Mid-C off-peak to replace the gas hedge.  Perhaps as winter blow-out protection, buy some Jan-Feb Sumas basis 
The trade for a 25 MW long Alberta flat position would be:
a) sell 25 MW of Mid-C off-peak
b) buy 0.25 contracts /day of AECO fixed price Cal02 gas (i.e. to unwind the off-peak Alberta portion of the the gas hedge)
c) buy 0.25 contracts/day of Sumas Jan-Feb basis
See what you think??
Here is the hedge summary for July 3/01.
Two things to note are: 	1) I bought 125 MW of Cal 02 flat from Mirant for a 10 GJ/MWh heat rate
2) There is now a 20 year AECO basis curve, so the fixed price AECO gas from cal 15 on is generated off this curve.  Before the AECO basis
curve stopped at Cal 14 
FYI
Enron Canada Corp.
3500 Canterra Tower
400 - 3rd Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta
T2P 4H2
Tel:=09(403) 974-6717
Fax:=09(403) 974-6706
This information is provided to you pursuant to your request and is provided solely for informational purposes and without prejudice or limitation to any rights of Enron Canada Corp. or any of its affiliates.  This information reflects internal calculations made by Enron Canada Corp. which may or may not have been calculated in accordance with the provisions of any agreements between Enron Canada Corp. or any of its affiliates and you, and such information is subject to change at any time.  Further, Enron Canada Corp. and its affiliates make no representation or warranty, and shall have no liability whatsoever, relating to the accuracy, currency or completeness of this information and no person receiving this information shall, or is entitled to, rely on this information in any manner whatsoever.  This information is not intended to, and shall not in any way, bind or otherwise impose any legal or equitable obligation on Enron Canada Corp. or any of its affiliates (which are expressly released).
Just a note as I had spoken to each of you over the course of the
last year on our Oatt. I have attached copies of our news release
from yesterdays announcements. Our web site should be populated later
today and have many of the documents and  a time line on the opening
of our system.
If you have questions please call me at 306 566 3794, or Ted Quade at
306 566 3075
John Mckenzie
Manager Stategic Corporate Development
Saskpower
(See attached file: OATTquestionsWS.doc)(See attached file:
tariff.wpd)
- OATTquestionsWS.doc=20
- tariff.wpd
Hello!  toddjanzen@home.com has just sent you an Egreetings.com card!
To view your greeting, simply click on this pickup window link:
If your e-mail doesn't recognize the above address as a link, simply copy and paste it in your browser address window.
If you need further help, visit our Help pages at  
Your Friends at Egreetings.com
Okay, I feel like a bit of a spaz... I was trying to send an e-greeting out
and forgot to include the date & venue.... Those who get the email tomorrow,
here's the missing details... BTW, you will be getting another on the 6th sorry!!
Lauren Janzen's First Birthday Party
Saturday July 14, 2001
Start time - anytime after 2:00 pm, she will be awake by then
Please do not bring anything, especially presents, you should see how much
our house looks like a toy store already.  If you can, send me a qick reply
if you can make it.
The implementation of the Automated Dispatch Messaging System (ADMS) from
the Power Pool of Alberta is proceeding on schedule, however, the processes
for implementation and training are changing slightly as described below.
The purpose of this memo is to inform all of the participants who have been
contacted for the implementation of ADMS of the processes over the next few
weeks and the requirements for the implementation at your dispatch
locations.
Beginning the week of July 2, 2001 and continuing through July 13, 2001,
Power Pool staff will be contacting you individually to provide you with
your username and password and ensure that you are able to log into the web
site.  This initial web site will be on a development system that is not
connected to the active market system.  This will enable participants to log
onto the system to become familiar with the screens and user features as
well as receive test dispatches.
Beginning the week of July 16, 2001, the Power Pool will turn off the
development system web server and transfer to the active market system.  The
System Controller area will contact each participant and "walk you through"
the screens and answer any questions that you may have regarding use of the
system.  Once you are familiar with the system through this conversation,
future active dispatches will then be provided over the ADMS system.  The
sequential addition of participants to the system will enable the orderly
transfer from the voice dispatch process to the automated process with a
minimum of disruption in the dispatch process.
The above process changes the manner in which training will be provided.  In
reviewing the user screens, we believe that participants will be able to
understand how to use the system simply by having access to the system prior
to the implementation.  If there is any difficulties encountered using the
system, the System Controllers will be available to assist you with any
questions as your users begin to use the dispatch system.
The majority of you have indicated that your computer equipment is in place
and that you are ready to start implementation.  If you are unable to start
the implementation process on July 2, 2001, please let the Power Pool
contact know and he will arrange to schedule your user names, passwords and
access closer to July 16, 2001.
The implementation of digital certificates to enhance the security of the
system will be delayed for a short period of time to enable a newer and
simpler digital certificate system.  We believe that by implementing without
the digital certificates, fewer implementation problems will be encountered
and will also simplify the digital certificate installation process with
users at a later date.  Our implementation of username and password
protection combined with server certification provides adequate security in
the short term before the digital certificates are incorporated.
As we discussed, the system provides audible alerts for the users when a
dispatch is received.  I am attaching six files that contains audible alert
sounds for you to load on your computers.  To install these .wav files on
your computers, create a folder
C:\\PPOA\admin_sounds
and copy these files to the new folder.  Your internet browser will then use
these files for the audible alerts that are provided by the system.  You can
review this with the person who will be contacting you with usernames and
passwords if there is difficulty implementing these alert sounds.
As the implementation portion of the ADMS project moves to the operational
area of the Power Pool, contact points with the Power Pool will change.
Effective immediately, would you please use the following contact names for
work on the ADMS implementation.
Primary contact:
Jack Kelly
(403) 233-6410
jack.kelly@powerpool.ab.ca
Secondary contact:
Jerry Mossing
(403) 233-6409
jerry.mossing@powerpool.ab.ca
Thank you very much for your cooperation in getting this system underway.
Barry Rushford
- directive.wav 
- energy.wav 
- load_shed.wav 
- regulation.wav 
- reserve.wav 
- interchange.wav 
Colleagues
Arising from comments received from Friday to yesterday, Watt-Ex has
incorporated a number of changes into this executable Version 1 of the
referenced document.
We are attaching a blackline copy and clean copy of this document for your
perusal.  We believe we have been able to accommodate most of the change
requests -- but not all.  We would be pleased to respond to any comments you
may have on the changes as well as those we have not included.
The key modifications from Draft 3 to this Version 1 relate to the
following:
1) 3011. and 3209.  Failure to Supply:  Liquidated damages have been capped
both for non-System Events and System Events.  The original context of costs
attributable to liquidated damages included WSCC penalties -- the caps serve
to limit the total amount of liquidated damages claimed against the failed
supplier.  In addition, the penalties under (b) (i) in both sections have
been removed.
2) 204.  Code of Conduct:  This section has been beefed up to provide a
directive concerning any potential market manipulation that could cause WSCC
penalties to be applied.
3) 116.  Mediation and Arbitration Procedure: The Mediation procedure has
been modified to allow the parties the option of proceeding directly to
arbitration if they so wish and have applied a finite completion time on the
process.
4) Schedule 6, 6000.  General:  Applied direction of applicability of
sections to Transmission Administrator
5) 6004.08  Additional Security:  Due to exposure on liquidated damages,
Watt-Ex is requiring that Sellers post security for same within 90 days
(this is roughly timed for October trading) unless there is sufficient
Receivables to cover.
We would again request your indulgence to review and execute this Version 1
as soon as possible.  In this regard, we request that customers complete
pages 1-3 of the document plus individual Schedule 2's for each Ancillary
Service Facility and fax a signed copy of pages 1-3 plus the Schedule 2's to
Watt-Ex to immediately activate your trading privileges.  Please mail the
originals to Watt-Ex, we will execute and return your file copy.
If there are any outstanding items you wish to have considered/reconsidered,
Watt-Ex will accept such written comments for consideration in a future
version of this Customer Document.
Watt-Ex is also prepared to provide any of the following documents if it
will assist you in attaining comfort with all the attendant infrastructure
surrounding the operations of the Exchange.  Please advise if you wish a
copy of any/all of these documents.
1) Alberta Securities Commission Exemption Order
2) The NCM insurance binder document for the credit backstop arrangements
3) Deposit Agreement with Watt-Ex's Trustee, Royal Trust Corporation of
Canada
4) Confirmation of ESBI Alberta Ltd.'s Credit Approval to $20 million.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact the undersigned by
return e-mail or call 403-210-8222, 403-210-2144 or 780-940-2820 (cell).
Thanks
Doug Andrews
- Blackline Ancillary Services Market Agreement ver1 final .pdf 
- Ancillary Services Market Agreement ver1 final.pdf 
yes thanks John
Thanks for checking. Did you get my other message about your OR positions for Jan 11?
Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
John, did you have a chance to talk to John L about the exec reports setup?
John
To continue getting familiar with Ontario, please review the document OEFC_demandSupp_UBS.ppt on your I:/common/OEFC directory.  It is a presentation we gave to OEFC in the fall.
Here is a spreadsheet with additional information.
Some intertie information may vary from source to source.  This is due to the IMO's regular small adjustments to the capacity numbers.
GT
Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
John, did you have a chance to talk to John L about the exec reports setup?
John
Enron Canada bids a fond farewell to Jon McKay who is heading back to the trading group in Houston later this summer.  This will be Jon's second tour of duty south of the border.  During his time with us, Jon has contributed significantly to Enron Canada and will be missed.  Congratulations and best of luck, Jon!
Effective today, John Zufferli will be assuming responsibility for Gas Trading in Canada in addition to his responsibility for Power Trading.  John started his career with Enron in the U.S. but came home to his native land at the end of 2000.  Congrats on your new role, John!
I tried to answer you but my response was returned undelivered.  Basically, the pool is agnostic, it pays power producers for the pyhsical energy delivered to the grid and it charges power consumers for energy taken from the grid.  Any financial arrangements between the buyers and sellers are not known to the pool.  The only mechanism the pool uses for physical power transactions is the direct sale mechanism.  The terms and volume of these direct sales are entered in the pool's trading system.  The pool then subracts the volume of the direct sale from the consumers and producers meter and pays/charges the producer/consumer on the net volume (i.e actual production-direct sales or actual consumption-direct sales)
John,
Can you shed some light?
Derek/John,
Quick question... from what I have read, it  appears as though the way the Power Pool works, the Pool settles with the buyers  and sellers each month.  However,what happens when we contract with a  counterparty directly?  Does the pool collect payment due for energy  delivered under a bilateral contract and then forward payment onto the  supplying party?  Or does the financial settlement occur directly between  Enron and the counterparty?  Please advise,
Thanks,
Wendy
PS-Please reply to my email address at work.   wendy.conwell@ PSS-  Hey John...The Rimrock was beautiful and  dinner was incredible!  Thanks for the  recommendation.
I just need the positions aggregated, I don't need the desks broken out
Here are you curves for Jan 11. Let me know how you want to see your positions.
John
ESBI is holding an open forum on the development of its 2002 and 2003 - 200x tariffs on Wed from 1:00pm - 4:00 pm.  Included on the agenda is a discussion of the proposed project plan for the development and implementation of a congestion management mechanism. =20
I will be attending.  You are welcome to send any of your guys also. =20
On a related note, I went through my comments with Bob Fagan on Friday and he expects to turn around a revised version of his paper by Tuesday that we will be able to send to Engage, TAU, and Encore.
,
Rob
=20
- invitataionstakeholdersJune27.doc=20
- Agenda.June20.doc=20
- planphase1June20.doc=20
- planprioritiesJune20.doc=20
- prioritiesJune20.doc
Hello! david & gretchen has just sent you a greeting card from Bluemountain.com.
You can pick up your personal message here:
Your card will be available for the next 90 days
This service is 100% FREE! :) Have a good day and have fun!
Send FREE Blue Mountain cards to friends and family (and attach gifts too!)
Financial settlement occurs between Enron and the customer.  The pool is agnostic to what its participants do (i.e. generators that do 3rd party physical hedge are still paid by the pool, consumers of electricity who do 3rd party physical hedges also pay the pool)
Derek/John,
Quick question... from what I have read, it  appears as though the way the Power Pool works, the Pool settles with the buyers  and sellers each month.  However,what happens when we contract with a  counterparty directly?  Does the pool collect payment due for energy  delivered under a bilateral contract and then forward payment onto the  supplying party?  Or does the financial settlement occur directly between  Enron and the counterparty?  Please advise,
Thanks,
Wendy
PS-Please reply to my email address at work.   wendy.conwell@ PSS-  Hey John...The Rimrock was beautiful and  dinner was incredible!  Thanks for the  recommendation.
I will attend
TransAlta is having a Stampede Party.  Everyone should have received an invitation.  Details are as follows
TransAlta's 1st Stampede Celebration
DATE:			MONDAY JULY 9, 2001
TIME:			5 P.M. UNTIL 11 P.M.
LOCATION:		MASCALERO'S
1315 - 1ST STREET SW
PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF YOU WILL OR WILL NOT BE ATTENDING.  THEY ARE TRYING TO GET A FINAL HEAD COUNT
I will call TransAlta and let them know if you are attending or not.
Thank you
Angela 
I hope stock goes to $35 so I can buy it at reasonable levels.  Things are well here.
Hey John:
Will be in your old town next week, plan to get together with Fisher and
Cunningham and to meet Meghan Fisher for the first time 
You have any thoughts/insight on when the bleeding stops on your stock, and
others like ILA, RRI, DYN, EPG?  Looks to me like investors are no longer
wowed by big earnings from the western markets and are very concerned about
sustainability of some very high earnings growth rate projections.  Also
curious as to how this has impacted morale vis a vis stock options and if
management is commenting 
Hope all is well with you!
_____________________________________________________
Dale F. Meyerhoeffer
Millennium Partners, L.P.
(212) 841-4162
Please give Enpower access to Murray Fichten, John Messenger, Mike Taylor, Tyler Seminuk
garrett, you should look into buying an advanced ticket to come up to calgary for a week in a week or so, we can go through next steps, fundies, etc.
BTW, we got 3 feet of snow in the mountains this weekend, powder everywhere 
To continue getting familiar with Ontario, please review the document OEFC_demandSupp_UBS.ppt on your I:/common/OEFC directory.  It is a presentation we gave to OEFC in the fall.
Here is a spreadsheet with additional information.
Some intertie information may vary from source to source.  This is due to the IMO's regular small adjustments to the capacity numbers.
GT
Dear Travelocity.ca Customer,
We were excited to see a major fare sale today and wanted to share
this Special Offer with you! Air Canada has lowered airfares to
many popular summer destinations. This major summer fare sale has
return fares starting from $128!* But hurry, tickets must be
purchased by June 22nd!
Here are some sample return fares:
- $128   Vancouver - Calgary
- $198   Toronto -  Montreal
- $349   Vancouver - San Francisco
- $429   Calgary - Toronto
- $549   Ottawa - Vancouver
- $549   Toronto - Vancouver
*Prices are in Canadian Dollars.
Click below for more details!
Here are a few details to keep in mind when considering this offer:
- Tickets must be purchased by June 22, 2001.
- For Canadian and U.S. destinations, travel must be completed
by August 30, 2001.
- 7-day advance purchase required.
- Prices quoted are return fares, quoted in Canadian dollars and
subject to inventory allocation.
ACT FAST Most of these airfares are available for sale only through early
next week! Book online today for the best selection. Use the
Travelocity.ca Best Fare Finder or Dream Maps feature to see the
best return airfares to your destination!
Enjoy your Summer vacation!
,
The Travelocity.ca Staff
If you don't want to receive information on other great offers
like this from Travelocity.ca, please click on the following
link:
*Total fare per passenger, including all charges, will always be
displayed to you prior to final ticket purchase.  Please note
that fares are subject to restrictions, may not be available on
all flights, and may change without notice.  For detailed
descriptions of the fare rules, click on the corresponding rules
link.
John,
I did not receive the Alberta Power Hedge Summary yesturday.  Could you please send it to me.
Thanks
k
Kimberly Hillis
Assistant to the President and CEO
Enron Americas
713-853-0681 - Phone
713-646-3227 - Fax
Group,
Going forward we will be transacting with Enron Canada Corp on an over-the-counter basis.  We will provide them with a bid and an offer suitable for non-firm energy trades.  Enron Canada will contact us each morning to inquire about possibilities for export and import.  We should be familiar with the Alberta Power Pool forecast and be aware of the conversion from CDD to USD.  The lead or NW trader will provide Enron Canada with their estimate or feel of the market each morning and throughout the day 
Enron Canada will be trying to obtain non-firm transmission nearly every hour.  WE need to tell them if this is an unwise practice from a risk-reward standpoint based on our understanding of the market, as they will lose around $7 per mw (CDD) on unused transmission with zero chance for return 
Further, Enron Canada wants the opportunity to transact with other counterparties at the BC Border.  They will give us the first look, but if we cannot use their energy, they will contact WWP, IPC, TransAlta or other counterparty in an attempt to recoup some of their loss.  I do not see a need for this and I think it leaves us open to tainted customer relationships, financial loss, and embarrassment.  If we are in contact with Enron Canada before the fact (start of the day, top of the hour, etc.) we should be able to get them the best price for their energy.  Be very clear in your dealings with NW counterparties that you are buying or selling a non-firm product.  Determine a book-out price to solve problems with physical flow if necessary.  We are basically buying a put or a call and should pay our counterparty appropriately.
Thanks,
Bill
Attached, please find a draft set of meeting notes from our
meeting. Please advise if there are any errors or omissions in the notes.
I've also attached copies of the presentations made at the meeting. If you
have any questions, please don't hesitate to call.
meeting_010612.ppt>>   		Fred Ritter, P. Eng.
Technical Services
ESBI Alberta Ltd.
Phone: (403) 705-5224
Cell: (403) 813-9471
Web site: www.eal.ab.ca 
You, or a representative from your
organization, are invited to attend a meeting on June 14, 2001 from 10am to
12pm in our offices. It has been some time since the group has met and in
the mean time we have put some processes in place to address the ongoing
supply adequacy concerns within Alberta. Thank you for your support. We
would like to review how the current processes are working and examine areas
for improvement. We have proposed the following agenda.
*	Review of current coordination practices
*	Information posting practices
*	System Controller practices - re: coordination
*	Information requirements for 2002 - update of maintenance by October
*	System Restoration requirements
*	Other issues?
Please confirm your attendance by June 8,
2001. If you are unable to attend, perhaps you would like to be telephone
conferenced into the meeting. Please confirm.
Also, please advise if you have any other
agenda items.
Thanks.
Fred Ritter, P. Eng.
Technical Services
ESBI Alberta Ltd.
Phone: (403) 705-5224
Cell: (403) 813-9471
Web site: www.eal.ab.ca
< 
- MtgNotes_gen_outage_010614draft.doc 
- ppa-ipp meeting_010612.ppt 
- Presentation to workgroup_010614.ppt 
I was meaning to give you a call this week and inquire as to when you guys are planning to come up.  Things are good here.  Feeling poor as well.
How are things going up there?  Kristen and I are trying to come with some way to come see you guys, even as our wealth is slowly going down with the ENE ship!
John
John Lavorato already said that he would make JD report directly to Canada.
John, one thing to consider with your nat gas org is the reporting of disturnal to john arnold. From my standpoint, this was an unfortunate move and is similar to us losing the east gas desk to Houston. You will want to give this careful consideration, particularly if you are looking to disturnal to trade alberta power options. With the change in leadership we should discuss whether we want to grab disturnal back (solid line reporting) and suggest dotted line to arnold.
fyi - his P&L for accounting purposes continues to roll-up to canada. However, for internal mgmt reporting, his p&l rolls up to arnold. 
Here are my comments on the original guarantee
My phone is 974-6749
Herer are some more.  look at hwy 59 right by our house!!!! love you - jess
 amazingly unbelievably astounding >
- FLOOD1.jpg 
- flood2.jpg 
- flood3.jpg 
- flood4.jpg 
- flood5.jpg 
Check these out!  Will you be late again?  Like 8pm or so?  Progress on the
yard but no mudders.  Can you ask about Derek's wife's doctor?  lemme know
what time you might be home.  love, jess