Shikhar
- Resume00-ENE.doc
Interview for Lee
FYI. 
Shirley (3-5290) is making travel arrangements for me.
It makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel, 
irrespective of individual travel arrangements
Vince
Dear Vince,
Thanks for your note.  I look forward to seeing you on the 20th.
We usually recommend our visitors to stay at the Park Hyatt on Battery
Street.  It's a 5 minute cab ride (or an easy 15 minute walk) to our
offices.  Should you decide to walk, it is important that you take Sansome
Street rather than Montgomery.  They are one block apart, but one goes up to
the top of Telegraph hill and ends before continuing at the bottom of a
cliff and the other is relatively flat and is continuous.  There are
detailed directions on our website (www.kmv.com).
See you on the 20th.
,
Rob
Robert,
This is to confirm the meeting on March the 20th at 9:00 a.m. Enron will be
represented by
Bill Bradford, Bryan Seyfried,,Vasant Shanbhogue and myself.
Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay
overnight,
close to your location?
Vince Kaminski
ENRON  Corp.
1400 Smith Street, Room 1962
Houston, TX 77251-1188
Phone: (713) 853 3848
Fax  :     (713) 646 2503
E-mail: vkamins@
Shirley,
FYI
Vince
GemanIX@aol.com on 02/12/2000 11:27:56 AM
Dear Vince,
I would be delighted if you agreed to share with me
a one-day workshop before a major ICBI conference
in Berlin,on June 19.The topics would be similar;we
may add real options.Could you answer me BEFORE
Tuesday?
KInd  
Helyette
Greg,
FYI. I can see further escalation in compensation for quants.
Vince
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
02/18/2000 03:04 PM
Vince:
This is regarding Puneet Mathur who we interviewed last week and decided to 
make an offer to join the Retail research team. I called him to inquire about 
his current compensation. His current base salary is $115,000 with a minimum 
bonus of 20%. His last pay raise and bonus were in September 1999 and he is 
expecting a raise and a bonus this September. The offer we would like to give 
him ($85-90K base) is obviously way below his expectations. And I don't see 
how we can offer him what he expects from us ($125K base - on par with mine as it would be placing him well above Ronnie & Osman who are definitely more 
experienced and, in my view, more qualified. Let me know what to do.
Thanks,
Krishna.
"Scott Adams  03/22/2001 11:18:29 PM
Dilbert Newsletter 33.0
(You've been randomly selected to get the newsletter early. This
means you can be one of the first to test the Daily Dilbert! See
below for details.)
Highlights:
DNRC Update
The DNRC has a whopping 330,000 members, each one so shockingly
attractive and intelligent that he or she can be used as a
defibrillator.  If you see someone whose heart has stopped, yell
"clear" then press your hands on the person's chest (do not make
the "honk-honk" sound if the victim is female) then start telling a
witty joke.  This method has never actually started anyone's heart,
but sometimes the bystanders get a kick out of it.
After Dogbert conquers the world you will have dominion over the
so-called In-duh-viduals. A DNRC member suggests that Induhviduals
above the age of 18 be called adolts.  I like that.  I propose that
the ones under 18 be called juvenile duh-linquents.
Dilbert by E-mail Program
By popular demand, Dilbert strips can now be delivered to you by
e-mail every day (Monday - Saturday). If your evil employer is
monitoring your web use, this is the answer for you.  Start every
day with Dilbert in your inbox.
Follow this link to subscribe to The Daily Dilbert:
Note: This link has been customized for your e-mail address. If you
forward this e-mail, the recipient will be able to change your
Dilbert Newsletter subscription.
Shakespeare Hoax
I have come to the unsettling realization that Shakespeare was an
Induhvidual.  In case you haven't read any Shakespeare since you
were a gullible child, here's a little sampling of the Great Bard's
work from Macbeth:
-- start 
"That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold;
What hath quench'd them hath given me fire.
Hark! Peace!
It was the owl that shriek'd, the fatal bellman,
Which gives the stern'st good-night. He is about it:
The doors are open; and the surfeited grooms
Do mock their charge with snores: I have drugg'd their possets,
That death and nature do contend about them,
Whether they live or die."
-- end 
Now, maybe someone drugg'd my posset, but I'm fairly certain that
none of that makes any sense.
When I was a kid, if something made no sense to me, I assumed the
problem was on my end. But now that I am an adult, and I know
everything there is to know, I realize that the source of most
confusion is Induhviduals - sometimes economists, occasionally
poltergeists, but mostly Induhviduals.
Maybe the word "bard" meant something different a few hundred years
ago and that's what caused the confusion - as in, "He was so full
of bard you could grow squash in his earholes."
Or maybe some Irish people attended Shakespeare's plays and said
they were BORED, but it came out sounding like BARD to the English.
That could've happened.
There's really no excuse for Shakespeare's shoddy work.  If you
were Shakespeare, and you had nothing to do all day but sit around
in huge pants and write plays, don't you think you could at least
make them comprehensible?  To me, that seems like the minimum
requirement for a play: The audience should have a vague idea of
what the actors are saying.
I'm certain that the fans of Shakespeare will tell me I would enjoy
his work if only I took the time to understand it.  But that's like
saying I would love polka music if I took the time to translate it
in my head into the sound of a band I like.
I guess I just expect more from my bards.
Induhvidual Debating Technique
Lately I have found myself in e-mail discussions with Induhviduals
who employ debating tactics that are very similar.  I suspect they
are learning these methods in some sort of top-secret Induhvidual
training facility.
The Induhvidual debating technique involves four steps:
1.    Exaggerate your opponent's statement into an absurd absolute.
2.    Make an inappropriate analogy.
3.    Change the topic to something easier to defend.
4.    Claim victory.
For example:
Me:           Vegetables are good for you.
Induhvidual:  That's ridiculous.  If you ate a truckload of
vegetables all at once you would die.
Me:           No one eats a truckload all at once.
Induhvidual:  Let me give you an analogy. If you tried to swim
across the ocean, and you didn't know how to swim,
and you had no arms or legs, you'd never make it.
Surely you can agree with that.
Me:           Um...that's different.
Induhvidual:  Ha!  So now you agree with me that swimming is good
exercise!
The worst part is that not only will you be frustrated at your
inability to make your point, you will be branded as the person who
thinks swimming is bad exercise.
True Tales of Induhviduals
Here are some more True Tales of Induhviduals as reported by
brilliant and observant DNRC members.
True Tale 1
My company posted a notice next to the time clock.  It said the
company calendar had a typo, that the union-won holiday wasn't
really a holiday at all.  The company blamed the printer for this
mistake.  (Nice try.)
But that's not the funny part.  The first line of the notice said,
"Please Take Notice." So the guy standing next to me took it.
True Tale 2
There are two doors in the restroom at work.  One is the exit and
the other, on the other side of the room, is a closet.  The closet
door is clearly labeled "closet."
The other day I was using the restroom and I heard an Induhvidual
open a door and exclaim, "Darn it! That's the closet again!"
True Tale 3
My boss had recently learned how to use spreadsheet software.  He
proudly called me into his office to show me a new trick he'd
learned. At one point during his demonstration he was moving his
mouse toward himself and it reached the edge of his desk. I watched
in amazement as he deftly rolled his mouse around the edge of the
desk and underneath.
I stifled my giggling and politely said, "You know, you don't need
to do that with the mouse." Whereupon he took offense and said, "I
know.  I usually grab a book and put it next to the desk and roll
the mouse onto it, but I just can't reach my books right now."  I
said, "Yeah, that's what I do," and excused myself before I broke a
rib trying not to laugh.
True Tale 4
I attend one of the top universities in the UK.  My housemate
recently surpassed his usual high standard of stupidity.  He needed
to open a bottle.  After hanging around looking helpless, someone
handed him a wine opener (the corkscrew type) that had a bottle
opener on one end.  My housemate disappeared for five minutes and
reappeared with an apologetic look on his face.  "I've broken it.
I'm sorry."
Under questioning he confessed that he had been trying to screw the
corkscrew through the top of the metal bottle cap.
True Tale 5
A VP of our company stood up at our company meeting and asked all
employees to look over the new website to make sure it was
"grammerly correct."
True Tale 6
My friend asked to be moved to a cubicle in a quieter place in the
office and her manager agreed. A couple of days later, the office
manager came by her new cube, distressed. He said that he had
really messed up because he gave her a cube that was too big for
her level/title in the company. Her cube was for a P-2 engineer
while she was only a P-1. The difference in size was only two
inches, but still, something had to be done.
A few days later, the office manager returned and said that to fix
the problem, my friend would be promoted to P-2 so she would then
be in the right size cube.
True Tale 7
Recently the Southern Hemisphere was treated to a total lunar
eclipse. During this event one Induhvidual standing in my street
suggested that we photograph it. Someone explained that the moon
would be difficult to photograph because it was completely darkened
by the shadow of Earth.  Her response was, "What about if I use the
flash?"
True Tale 8
A customer returned to our wireless phone store with the phone she
had recently purchased.  She complained that the phone worked fine
for the first two days and then suddenly went dead. I asked her how
long she had charged the battery.  She replied, "What do you mean,
charge?"
Upon further interrogation it became clear that she thought the
one- year warranty on the battery meant it would last that long.
True Tale 9
This is a True Tale that involves a sign I spotted nailed to a tree
along a dirt road somewhere in Iowa:
I lost 75 lbs.
Free Samples!
555-1212
True Tale 10
I recently went into a pizza shop in Katoomba (near Sydney,
Australia) that advertised, "log fire inside."  Next to the fully
enclosed, glass-fronted firebox was a sign, "Please don't touch the
fire."
True Tale 11
I work at a secure R&D facility in the electronics industry. One
day a sign at the guard's desk located in the front lobby said,
"Guard is on rounds.  Visitors wait here!"
Being an upstanding DNRC member, I took it upon myself to add (in
big, bold letters) "...and don't steal my laptop 
True Tale 12
About four years ago we had a multiple choice test for one of our
digital design subjects.  A friend of mine had no clue in this
subject but could clearly see the answers of the person to his
left. So he copied them.
At the end of the exam we were informed that there were
TWO tests, alternating by row!  He had cheated off the wrong test!
But he got a good grade anyway!!  Why?  Because the person he had
cheated off had cheated off the person sitting next to him! Moral
of the story: Two Induhviduals make a right.
True Tale 13
The other day at the gas station, while waiting in line to pay for
my gas, I commented to another customer how expensive gasoline had
become.  Her reply was, "You know, it doesn't really affect me; I
always put in twenty dollars every time I gas up."
True Tale 14
I was in a meeting with a manager - one of those meetings where the
sole purpose is for her to make a speech and everyone to be
impressed - and she showed an example of how the figures would be
added up. It became apparent that she had no idea how you add or
subtract negative numbers.  I pointed out that the result of her
first example was wrong. What followed was a lively debate on how
you are meant to add or subtract negative numbers.  The prevailing
opinion was that there wasn't just one correct way of doing it, so
all the different manufacturers of calculators went with their own
conventions. I was told that my calculator worked differently than
hers. (And how many meetings have you been to that included a
concurrent test of two calculators?)
The meeting ended with her bemoaning the fact that she wasn't
getting any "buy-in" for her idea. A few days later she received,
anonymously, a picture of Prof. Stephen Hawking, with the caption,
"You must be at least this smart to invent your own branch of
math."
True Tale 15
An Induhvidual in my physics class did his math with a pen. He had
to use lots of Liquid Paper to cover the mistakes. It was
recommended to him that he use a pencil. The next day I saw him
covering his pencil marks with Liquid Paper.
True Tale 16
A few days ago I went to the copy place.  I needed 80 copies. The
guy told me that if I made fewer than 100 copies, each copy would
cost 4 cents. But if I made at least 100 copies I would get the
discounted rate of 2 cents per copy.
I told him to make 80 copies of the front of the document and make
20 copies of the blank back. I could use the blank paper later on
for other purposes. He probably never thought of this situation
before; he gave me an angry look but copied the documents anyway.
True Tale 17
While waiting for a subway train, I overhead a woman complain
about the service: "I leave my apartment every day at the same
time, and every day I'm fifteen minutes late for work."
True Tale 18
This is a direct quote from a newsletter I just received. It is the
summer vacation edition and includes this tip on a list of
"Luggage-Packing Secrets of the Pros."
"SECRET TIP #3: Double the security of luggage padlocks
with economical electrical ties. Since they must be cut
to be removed, they're tamper-evident. (Remember to pack
scissors 
Um...and where do you pack those scissors?
True Tale 19
After pulling a ditsy temp secretary off phone duty (she put my
phone number instead of the caller's on phone messages), I assigned
her to something safe: labeling files.  This task did not include
the filing itself, which would have required a thorough grasp of
the alphabet; it only involved affixing colorful self-adhesive
labels to the outside edge of each file indicating the contract
number. The Induhvidual cheerfully labeled throughout the
afternoon, completing 150 files.  The next day, my regular
secretary asked why our files had been sealed closed with colorful
self-adhesive labels.
True Tale 20
This is one I actually heard several years ago.
"We've got to separate the weed from the shaft."
Invent Your Own Folk Saying
Sometimes I sit around inventing clever folk sayings in case I ever
need them.  Here are some of the ones I've come up with.  You might
have seen some of these in Dilbert books.
I was happier than a kitten with a Q-tip.
He was deader than a shrunken head at a Hackey Sack festival.
I was busier than a beaver in a coffee lake.
He changed more times than a baby in a beer-drinking contest.
I was more nervous than a fan store owner with a comb-over.
He was tenser than Jesse Jackson on Father's Day.
If you have any good ones of your own, send them to me at
scottadams@aol.com. I'll publish the best ones in the next
newsletter.
Dilberito
I've been reading a lot about Mad Cow disease.  Scientists aren't
sure what's causing it.  My theory is that the cows are mad because
we keep eating them.
The obvious solution is to eat Dilberitos instead.  They're
vegetarian, yummy, and have 100% of your daily values of vitamins
and minerals.  Check Dilberito.com for availability.
If your college cafeteria doesn't carry them yet, see if your
credits can be transferred to someplace that does.
Why Scott Never Gets Invited To Parties
If you have Windows Media Player, find out why I don't get invited
to many parties.  Go to the Lycos VideoCenter:
Lazy Entrepreneur
The ideas are pouring in to my new web site feature, The Lazy
Entrepreneur, at Dilbert.com.  Here are a few samples.  I edited
them for brevity.
Screamin' Fork!
Submitted by MattTheStampede
A fork that screams whenever you stab your food! Ha ha! Now you'll
think twice about eating that prime rib!
[Editor's note: A fork that oinks would be good for diets.]
Intelligent Coffee Cup
Submitted by Lambertbert
A smart coffee cup with a flexible LCD display around the outside.
A small electronics module in the handle controls the display and
interfaces to your PC to download images and programs.
Now your coffee cup can display your next appointment, the date and
time, today's Dilbert strip, time until next cup of coffee, today's
menu, the webcam at home, etc.
Traffic Light Progress Bar
Submitted by AndrewTaylor
I'd like to see about ten little lights down the right hand side of
traffic lights, that go out one-by-one, to let you know when the
light is going to change to green.
"Best If Used Before" Date for Clothes
Submitted by outoffashion
Men's clothes should have a "best if used before" date so you know
when you're out of style.
Dogbert Answers My Mail
In this section Dogbert answers the mail that I am too polite to
answer myself.  These are all based on real e-mail.  The names have
been changed to make them funnier.
Dear Mr. Adams,
My boyfriend enjoys your comics.  I usually give him Dilbert books
for presents, and I was wondering if you had any books that would
be an appropriate fit for Valentine's Day?
Heather
Dear Heavybreather,
It's a bit late, but I recommend the latest Dilbert compilation, A
Treasury of Sundays.  If that doesn't put your boyfriend in the
mood for hot love it's probably because you cut your hair short so
you would save time getting ready in the morning.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dear Mr. Adams,
It's been a while since I worked at a company that uses buzzwords
and mission statements.  This one caught me off guard.  I thought
you might know the meaning 
"OPERATIONALIZING THE STRATEGIES"
Dennis
Dear Densest,
The phrase OPERATIONALIZING THE STRATEGIES can be understood by
breaking it down into its components:
OPERATIONALIZING = Remove internal organs using sharp instruments
THE = Put them in a paper bag
STRATEGIES = Light on fire, put on neighbor's porch, ring doorbell
Sincerely,
Dogbert
--
Dear Mr. Adams,
I have totally missed the humor of today's Dilbert comic.  Please
point me in the direction of the meaning, unless you don't care, in
which case just ignore me. Or have Dogbert insult me in the next
newsletter. That would be neat too.
Gilbert
Dear Goober,
Please give me your address and I will have the answer delivered to
your house immediately.  Look for it in a flaming paper bag on your
porch.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
[Note:  I swear this next letter is real.]
Mr. Adams:
I have looked at(read) dilbert for one month and to this day I have
found nothing(and I mean nothing) interlectual or funny about your
column. Are you trying to show us(me) how stupid we are by reading
this trash? Well, you have succeded in that endeavor---- but no
more----I read the comics for entertainment and a good outlook for
the day. Dilbert only diffuses that feeling. Thanks but no thanks,
G. Hitopoulos
Dear Hippopotamus,
I'm sorry you found nothing interlectual about the Dilbert comic
strip.  Mr. Adams will try harder to succede.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dilbert Fodder
What's bugging you about your job?  Let me know and you might see
it in a Dilbert comic or newsletter.  The best comic fodder
involves workplace peeves, devious strategies, frustrations of
dealing with others, conflicting objectives, unintended management
consequences, and of course my favorite - idiot bosses.
And I love True Tales of Induhviduals.
And if you're seeing any new management trends that need to be
mocked, I can help.  Send your suggestions to me at
scottadams@aol.com.  Short ones are better.
How to Subscribe to the Dilbert Newsletter
You can sign up for the free Dilbert Newsletter automatically. Send
a blank e-mail to dilbert-text-on@list.unitedmedia.com.
Unsubscribing
To unsubscribe automatically, send a blank e-mail to
dilbert-off@list.unitedmedia.com.
Problems Signing up for the Newsletter
If the automatic method doesn't work for you, simply send a message
to newsletter@unitedmedia.com specifying your e-mail address and
you will be added manually.  This method is much slower than the
automatic method so please be patient.
Scott Adams
scottadams@aol.com
All submissions to Scott Adams and/or Dilbert.com shall become the
exclusive property of United Media and Scott Adams, and they will
have the right to use them free of charge, in any manner and in any
medium, forever and throughout the world.
Please do not reply to this e-mail.
Rosemary Fitzgerald  Dear Mr. Kaminski
I am emailing to introduce myself to you as the new producer for the PoweRisk 
conference. I am in the process of developing the draft programme for the 
2000 event, and this is the reason that I am contacting you.
Building on the success of last year's event, which attracted over 230 
delegates from across Europe and the US, PoweRisk 2000 will once again 
feature more than 50 leading power industry experts and academics world-wide. 
There will also be a comprehensive exhibition running alongside, cocktail 
parties,, champagne roundtables, in-depth workshops * and numerous other 
opportunities to catch up with your colleagues.
Throughout the course of my research, I have been speaking with many of the 
people who attended the workshop you led with Prof. Geman and Alexander 
Eydeland last year. The feedback has been extremely favourable and many 
expressed a wish to see you both participating in the main conference this 
year.
I appreciate that you have an incredibly busy schedule, and to this end, I 
wanted to contact you at this early stage with regard to the dates for this 
year's PoweRisk conference and to outline my list of queries to you, prior to 
calling your office tomorrow.  I would very much like to extend an invitation 
to you to deliver an address at this year's main conference. The conference 
will be taking place in Paris, on the 4th and 5th of October (with workshops 
taking place on the 6th)
The workshop topic last year dealt with the latest developments in risk 
management, pricing and trading of electricity derivatives. I would be most 
grateful if you could spare me some time tomorrow on the phone to discuss 
this area with me, and in particular the issues that you are finding most 
relevant to your work with Enron at present.
The need to build a programme which truly reflects the needs of the global 
power trading and risk management industry is clear in such a 
conference-saturated market. To achieve this we formed our Energy Derivatives 
Advisory Board last year for advice on all aspects of programme development 
and speaker acquisition. Chaired by Prof. Helyette Geman, the Board members 
currently include: Ehud. I. Ronn, Mark B. Garman, Dragana Pilipovic, Blake 
Johnson, Les Clewlow, Chris Strickland and Christian Vrolijk. This year we 
are expanding the scope of the Advisory Board and  inviting a number of new 
members*, including Jeffrey Skilling of Enron, Bruce Williamson of Duke 
Energy, Heinz Dieter Waffel of PreussenElektra, Harvey Padewer of Duke 
Energy, Alexander Eydeland of Southern Company Energy Marketing, John Shapiro 
of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Jeff Porter of Koch Industries
* (all confirmed and invited Board Members are past speakers at the ICBI 
PoweRisk event)
This year, I would also like to invite you to join our Energy Derivatives 
Advisory Board. In return for your evaluation of the draft programme and 
suggestions of possible improvements and potential speakers, you would be 
entitled to full branding as an Advisory Board member on the conference 
brochure and all conference documentation, first choice on speaking slots, a 
free pass if not speaking, and further discounted registration for clients or 
colleagues.
I will call your office tomorrow and would be very grateful if you could 
spare me a few moments to discuss the above proposals. I will also email this 
letter to you.
My contact details are as follows:
Tel: +44 171 915 5194
Fax: +44 171 915 5101
Email: rosef@icbi.co.uk
I look forward to speaking to you and very much hope that I will have the 
opportunity of working with you on this year's PoweRisk conference.
Yours sincerely
Rosemary Fitzgerald
Director, PoweRisk 2000
Donna,
Sorry to hear about it. I shall stop by tomorrow  to say hello.
It's too bad: so many good friends of mine will be leaving the comapny.
Vince
You have probably heard that our group is being broken up. Some people were 
put in other groups but I was not fortunate enough to be one of those 
people.  HR will try for the month of March to find a position for me within 
Enron but that is not likely to happen.
Tomorrow is my last full day here - I will be in and out for the month of 
March.
I am informing nice people that I like and you are one of those.
Robert,
This is to confirm the meeting on March the 20th at 9:00 a.m. Enron will be 
represented by
Bill Bradford, Bryan Seyfried,,Vasant Shanbhogue and myself.
Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay 
overnight,
close to your location?
Vince Kaminski
ENRON  Corp 1400 Smith Street, Room 1962  
Houston, TX 77251-1188
Phone: (713) 853 3848
Fax  :     (713) 646 2503
E-mail: vkamins@
Kevin,
I think it's very important.
It is important that our work area looks neat.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
02/28/2000 11:01 AM
Hello Vince ,
Vince , before I get with Delores on the matter of the
department I wanted to ask you how important it
that we get the walls repaired ?
Is the Research Department satisfactory or is
there anything else that i can do ?
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Shirley,
Thanks.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
02/28/2000 08:31 AM
Yes, I will have Sam send him two copies.
SAM: Can you send the below Enron employee 2 copies of "the book"
Thanks!
Vince J Kaminski
02/28/2000 08:21 AM
Shirley,
Do we still have some copies left?
Vince
Gopalakrishnan Subramaniam@_DEVELOPMENT
02/25/2000 11:24 PM
Sent by: Subramaniam Gopalakrishnan@_DEVELOPMENT
I have recently come on board as Treasurer ,Enron India . Prior to joining I was with Reliance Industries , a petrochemical conglomerate in India.
The  Central banking authorities are now thinking of permitting 
corporates  to hedge their oil and other related risks. I believe the 
literature published
by Risk in collaboration with Enron has come to be considered as an  
industry standard. Would it be possible to arrange for two copies to be sent 
across to us .
Thanx N  
G.Subramaniam
Treasurer,
Enron India Pvt. Ltd.
36 ,Maker Chambers VI,
Nariman Point,
Mumbai 400 021
Karen,
I have forwarded all the resumes to Charlene Jackson about 10 days ago. 
I am resending 4 resumes (in the case of Paolo it's a copy of his E-mail 
message)
I have in electronic format. The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you.
Thanks for your help.
Vince
Shirley,
Pleae, invite Clayton.
Vince
Kimberly Watson@
02/28/2000 08:27 AM
Please plan to attend a demo of the Altos Pipeline Modeling System on 
Wednesday, March 1 from 1:30 to 3:30 in EB19C2.  Please feel free to invite 
others who may be interested in viewing this system.  Thanks, Kim.
Shirley,
Do we still have some copies left?
Vince
Gopalakrishnan Subramaniam@_DEVELOPMENT
02/25/2000 11:24 PM
Sent by: Subramaniam Gopalakrishnan@_DEVELOPMENT
I have recently come on board as Treasurer ,Enron India . Prior to joining I was with Reliance Industries , a petrochemical conglomerate in India.
The  Central banking authorities are now thinking of permitting 
corporates  to hedge their oil and other related risks. I believe the 
literature published
by Risk in collaboration with Enron has come to be considered as an  
industry standard. Would it be possible to arrange for two copies to be sent 
across to us .
Thanx N  
G.Subramaniam
Treasurer,
Enron India Pvt. Ltd.
36 ,Maker Chambers VI,
Nariman Point,
Mumbai 400 021
holiday@ynot-us.com on 02/26/2000 09:15:39 PM
Thank you for receiving our newsletter! If for any reason you would not like 
to receive this newsletter in the future, please go to and modify your personal profile setting.
You can also unsubscribe by writing to removeme@ynot-us.com.
Greetings Vince,
- Ynot Get Char-azy? - A simple story of the wacky antics of Ynot.com
- Ynot Get the Scoop? - What's happening now
- Ynot Look Ahead? - What's about to happen
- Ynot Get Carded? - Check out these cards!
Each section is sponsored by one of our truly outstanding advertisers. Check 
them out!
Ynot Get Char-azy?
So the day of love has passed and some of us are reveling in the piles of 
Valentine's cards we have received. Of course, all of mine are e-cards so I 
can only frolic near my computer not among the masses of paper greetings that 
shamelessly fall short of the sentiment our greeting cards convey (and no! I 
didn't HAVE to say that 
International Women's Month is being celebrated this March. Make sure you 
send a card to the women who have inspired you. Remind them that their 
presence in your life has made an impact! Celebrate their existence!
Spring is on its way, which means, the end of those winter blues. Hooray! I'm 
so glad to have the beautiful, blossoming flowers and the allergic reactions 
to look forward to. It's time to invest in those tissues! But in all 
seriousness, I love spring. It's a time to regenerate, to plant and plan for 
the summer days to come.
I can't forget St. Patrick's Day. I have far too many Irish friends (or 
friends who, in the very least, like to "act" Irish) to let that one slide on 
by without comment. I'm already worried about the level of "party" I have to 
achieve to prove my "spirit"! Remember to enjoy this holiday safely (if 
soberly won't apply). Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Free magazines. Free samples. Free catalogs and more. Browse 18 interest
categories and over 500 free magazine titles. Find it all at FreeShop,
one of the top ten shopping sites on the web.
Ynot Get the Scoop!
New images and new categories are covering the site! We hope you like what 
you see. We've created a new category, In the Zone. It's not the place to 
find butterflies and puppy dogs! These are cards with edge! Let us know what 
you think. If you'd like to see more cards like this, let us know!
Purchase a pashmina shawl at Ashford.com and get a free Yves St. Laurent 
watch - a $150 value. Also check out a 35% savings on classic Baume et 
Mercier Catwalk watches and great deals on designer handbags!
We've updated our Virtual Flowers content, just in time for spring! We're 
sure you'll like the new look of these beautifully crafted cards.
Ynot Look Ahead?
FREE Handy Stamp! Get a free self-inking stamp for return addresses from 
iPrint.com! All you pay is shipping, just $1.85 for U.S. addresses. Offer is 
good for first-time customers only.
Easter is right around the corner. Can you believe it's so close? We're in 
the process of developing some incredible cards to celebrate this event. 
Other cards in the works include: Passover, Mother's Day (UK), Earth Day, 
Secretary's Day, Tax Day and more 
Ynot Get Carded?
Flash 4 users click below. You can find this card in International Women's 
Month  
All users welcome here! You can find this card in the St. Patrick's Day 
postcard area:
Don't forget! FreeShop is one of the top ten shopping sites on the web, 
featuring
over 1,000 free and trial offers.
Thanks all!
Charissa and the spring flowers at Ynot.com
Gary, Peter,
This is a copy of my London presentation. I expect to
make some minor changes to this presentation for March 13.
Vince
Vince Kaminski
This is a draft of what I was thinking of presenting.  I was not planning to
go over any specific options or OPAs (these are covered by confidentiality
clauses and I have to be careful from a competitive standpoint) but to give
the audience a few of the "real world" applications and challenges.  I
welcome any thoughts or comments.
Gary
- REAL OPTIONS VALUATION IN THE NEW ECONOMY.ppt
Ken,
It seems that there may be an Internet bias as well (more affluent 
and educated households are on-line).
One solution: develop a control group. Arm-twist clerical 
employees of the School to fill out the questionnaire
and also ask them to provide the questionnaire to their friends  and families.
Vince
Stinson,
The 1st presentation.
Vince
Scott Adams  Dilbert Newsletter 29.0
Highlights:
- Stop the Vote Campaign
- Dilbert TV Show Update
- True Tales of Induhviduals
- Dogbert Answers My Mail
- Dilberitos
Stop the Vote Campaign
It's a presidential election year in the United States, and that
means it's time for me to "get involved."
This year I'm organizing a "Stop The Vote" campaign aimed at
preventing Induhviduals from casting ballots.  I'll borrow a
strategy used by all politicians: hallucinations of what the
Founding Fathers intended.
As you know, people were very wise in the 1700s. Unfortunately,
something happened that made us all idiots.  I blame television.
That's why we prefer to make our important decisions on personal
freedom based on the wisdom of dead, slave-owning dandies instead
of using our own defective brains.
We have no recordings of the Constitutional debates, but I'm sure
it went something like this:
Jefferson:  We haven't put anything in the Bill of Rights about
genetic manipulation, Internet encryption, in vitro fertilization,
or mandatory drug testing.
Adams: Just say "et cetera."  No one is going to read it anyway.
Hancock: Let's include something to encourage public nudity.  Cable
TV won't be invented for years and I can't wait that long.
Jefferson:  Okay.  I'll call that the right to bare arms.
Franklin:  That might be misinterpreted.
Jefferson:  Who's the world-class writer here?  I keep your stupid
Almanac next to my chamber pot, and I don't mean for the reading.
Franklin:  I am soooo sorry for making a suggestion.  By the way,
your house slave "Jeff" has your eyes.
All:  HA HA HA HA HA HA 
Adams:  You're all a bunch of asses.  I think you're giving me an
embolism.
Jefferson:  You have the right to ass-embolisms.  Hey, maybe I
should include that.  How do you spell it?
Dilbert TV Show Update
According to my e-mail, many Dilbert TV fans tape the show so they
have permanent copies in their tape libraries.  While Dilbert is
being taped, they watch other shows that are not tape-worthy.
Unfortunately, only live viewing of TV shows counts for ratings.
This isn't a problem for some TV shows, like "Wheel of Fortune,"
because their viewers use VCRs to crack nuts.  But the mathematical
sets of "people who can program VCRs" and "people most likely to
watch 'Dilbert'" are almost the same.  This has been a problem.
The episode airing February 22nd (9:30 PM EST) in the USA will
probably determine whether the Dilbert show gets renewed.  That's
the episode featuring Jerry Seinfeld as the voice of Comp-U-Comp,
an evil computer who has taken over a company and fired everyone
except the guy who guards the electrical plug.  Eugene Levy plays
the plug guard.
Jerry's lines are mostly written by Larry Charles, one of the
original writers for Seinfeld, now Executive Producer for Dilbert.
So if you liked Seinfeld, this is the closest thing you're going to
get.
And if you know any Induhviduals who are in Nielsen families this
month, please tell them that there's some sort of "millionaire
prize" for watching "Dilbert" and answering questions posed by the
voices in their own heads.
Dilbert Episode Airs On the Internet
As part of our overall pimping for the Seinfeld voice episode,
we're putting an entire show (The Merger episode) on the Internet
in streaming video, starting February 17th and running through
February 29th.  You can find links to it at
www.dilbertondemand.com.  You need the Windows Media Player, which
you can download from the site.
As far as we know, this is the first television cartoon show
streamed over the Internet in its entirety.  We made sure we didn't
research that fact too thoroughly so we could honestly say, "as far
as we know."
You'll need a reasonably fast connection, but you can view the
entire show, in bite-sized chunks, at your leisure.  Don't settle
for mere bragging about your DSL or cable modem connection;
DEMONSTRATE your digital superiority!  Invite a neighbor who has a
pitiful 28.8 modem over to drool on you.  If you wear a raincoat,
it's a strangely satisfying experience and you can hose it off
later.
If you know anyone recently involved in a merger, the Dilbert
episode on the Internet (The Merger) is the one they'll want to
see.  Find out what's in store for companies who seek "synergy."
True Tales of Induhviduals
I begin the True Tales section with a personal sighting.  I
recently came upon a local road that was closed for improvements.
Signs warned "Road Closed" and "Bridge Out."  As I turned around to
head for the detour, another motorist waved me down.  We rolled
down our windows and he shouted, "Do you think we should just move
the barricades and go for it?"
I don't know how fast one must drive in order to compensate for a
"Bridge Out" situation, but I decided not to try it.
True Tale 2
Some of our corporate policies have been rewritten.  Here's an
example from our expense reporting procedures.
"Receipts are required for all expenditures of $25 or more and, in
addition to this, receipts for a lesser amount are also required."
Editor's note: It sounds as if some of the people in the HR are
idiots and, in addition to this, the rest of them are too.
True Tale 3
We received a letter from the Environmental Protection Agency
stating that unless we provided answers to their outstanding
questions within two weeks they would recommend that our power
plant construction project not proceed.
Apparently they failed to notice that, a) we already answered the
questions, b) their approval had already been issued and, c) the
$600 million power plant had been built nearly two years ago.
Editor's note: If those are the sort of questions the EPA calls
"outstanding" I'd hate to hear their dumb ones.
True Tale 4
We had a Christmas raffle in the "Business Intelligence"
department.   The boss drew a number and called it out.   The
department statistician stood up to tumultuous applause and went up
to collect his prize.  Meanwhile, another employee -- who turned
out to be the real winner -- stood up to collect that same prize.
Upon investigation, the statistician for Business Intelligence had
confused ticket 593 for 539.
Editor's note: On the surface it looks as if the statistician is a
boob.  But he's the only one in the room who realized that 39% of
the time the real winner isn't present to win.  I suspect he's a
DNRC member just playing the odds.
True Tale 5
When a project is finished in my department we place a red dot
sticker on the folder to signify its completion.  One day we ran
out of red dots but still had a large supply of green and blue
dots.  Dots weren't used for any other purpose so I suggested using
the ones we have, despite their non-red color.  Color was
insignificant.  There were only five of us in the group, so
communicating the change would be easy.
My money-saving suggestion was met with resistance from cow-orkers.
They pointed out that we've "always used RED dots" and maybe I
should check with the department manager.  I mentioned my idea to
the manager and he said I should "bring it up at the next staff
meeting."
Editor's note: Ironically, it's not a dot.com company.
True Tale 6
I paid for lunch with a credit card.  The manager put it through
the electronic card machine and got a "no dial tone" error.  She
tried again with the same result.  Then she asked me if I had
another card.
Editor's note:  That's exactly why you should pay for your lunch
using a phone company calling card.  They have dial tone.
True Tale 7
We tested our Y2K power contingency plans a few weeks before New
Year's.  The Induhviduals in IT didn't expect any downtime, so the
test was performed during the normal work day.  The idea was that
when power was cut, the six generators would kick on and we
wouldn't notice a thing.
Three generators failed to start. Two threw their breakers due to
the high load on them.  The last was overwhelmed when the previous
two cut out and threw a tremendous surge through the lines, blowing
up hundreds of light bulbs, frying fax machines, radios and pencil
sharpeners along the way.   The surge jumped circuits in our
industrial level surge protector and traveled through our "surge
protected" lines to every desktop in the company plus the server
room.  After taking out over a hundred monitors and almost forty
PCs, the surge proceeded to destroy our server room air
conditioner, four huge UPS systems, thirteen servers and both
AS/400s.  Several small fires started throughout the building,
including our now half-melted Christmas tree and our
molten-menorah.
The surge then jumped the lines into the main power grid, blowing
up two transformers, one of which fell on the IT manager's car
(poetic justice) and cutting power on the entire block.  The
remaining generator then proceeded to burst into flames, eventually
blowing up all six generators and burning up seven cars.
This all occurred within about thirty seconds and sent 38 people to
the hospital, cost the company over $650,000 in equipment (not to
mention the impending lawsuits), destroyed eight cars and caused
weeks of downtime.  Three people quit the company.  One woman is
still in the hospital with electrical burns.  The resulting
publicity got us on television in five states.
Editor's note: That story sounds too amazing to be true but I'm
printing it anyway under the theory that there's no such thing as
bad publicity.
True Tale 8
Our university library just got new computers. The library
thoughtfully provided headphones so students can listen to sound
files without disturbing anyone nearby.   The problem is the
headphone cords have been clamped to the desk in such a way that in
order to use them, you must have your head no more than six inches
from your keyboard. It is great fun to see the stu-duh-nts trying
to use them.
True Tale 9
I went to a Georgia DMV office to obtain a driver's license.
Customers are required to produce two pieces of ID.  I presented a
utility bill and a copy of my latest tax return, both acceptable
types of ID according to their published list.
The agent behind the counter said she could not accept my tax
return as ID because it was typed.  She said, "How do we know this
is legitimate?  Anyone can get a computer or typewriter to produce
this return."  I argued, unsuccessfully, that it was also easy to
obtain pens and pencils to create hand-written returns.  I was told
to come back with a hand-written return or another acceptable form
of ID.
True Tale 10
I went to a fast-food restaurant one morning for breakfast.  The
moment I opened the door, I was almost swept off my feet by an
overpowering odor of gas.  I struggled up to the counter out of a
vague sense of duty, and said  "You've got an enormous gas leak
back there somewhere!" gesturing towards the kitchen.
The girl behind the counter shrugged and said, "Yeah, I know, but
I've been here since seven o'clock and I've gotten used to it."
True Tale 11
I went to ask our new principal if we could have the Monday before
finals off as a study day.  We had always gotten a study day in the
past but it wasn't on the schedule this time.  He thought for a
second and then responded, "No, you have school that day."
True Tale 12
About a year ago I went to buy a video for a friend's birthday.
The video was rated for adult viewing only.   I was 15 years old,
but they sold it to me anyway.
When I got home I found out that my friend wanted the sequel, not
the original, so I took it back to the store.  The video clerk said
he couldn't return the video because I didn't look 18.
I was confused, so I attempted to clarify.  "So, because I don't
look 18 you're going to MAKE me take this ADULT-rated video, rather
then let me change it for the sequel that is NOT ADULT-rated?"
"Yeah, it's company policy.  If it changes we'll be in touch."
Eventually I convinced him he was breaking the law by selling me
the adult video instead of letting me exchange it for the non-adult
one.   As I left, the guy behind the counter yelled at me, "Next
time, don't watch the video first!"
It was still in its shrink-wrap.
Dogbert Answers My Mail
In this section, Dogbert answers my mail.  These are based on real
e-mail to me.  Some names have been changed to make them easier to
mock.
Dear Mr. Adams,
You were duped in your last newsletter.   Someone submitted a
supposedly True Tale of Induhviduals about a little boy and a
pager.  That is actually an urban legend more than twenty years
old.  Shame on you for falling for that.
Jim,
Dear Chimp,
Just because it's an urban legend doesn't mean it didn't happen.
In fact, just this morning Mr. Adams woke up in a bathtub full of
ice and found a note saying one of his kidneys was missing.  It
wasn't stolen; he got talked into donating it to a celebrity
auction for the National Ear Hair Foundation.  I'm working with him
on learning to say no.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
(Note:  In this next letter, some expletives have been replaced by
asterisks)
Dear Mr. Adams,
Your stupid ******* comic strip is a piece of ****.  Give up
cartooning and **** my ****, you 
(Anonymous)
Dear Esophagus,
There is no call for such language.  If you do it again, it will be
your 
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dear Mr. Adams,
No offense, but no one will cry when you die because Dilbert is
just some goofy guy. Some of the biussness (sic) stuff is HARD to
understand and it isn't something that you can feel like you know.
Dogbert is so egotistical whereas Snoopy is so easy to know, and
Charlie Brown is not some GOOFY guy, if you know what I mean.
Marshall
Dear Marsupial,
No offense taken. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to
"buissness."
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dear Mr. Adams,
What is that round black thing on Dogbert's face?  My friend says
it's his mouth but I say it's his nose.
Floyd
Dear Flawed,
I get this question often, thanks to Mr. Adams' prodigious artistic
range.  Allow me to clarify some of the shapes in the Dilbert
strip.  In general, the black circles are dog noses.  The black
ovals are mouths.  Rectangles are desks or sometimes computers. 
When the ovals are turned the other way and are not filled with
black they are glasses.  Everything else is random.
I have already requested a transfer to "For Better or For Worse."
The dog mortality rate there is high, but I'm willing to take the
chance.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dilberitos
If you're wondering where to find those delicious and
coincidentally-vegetarian Dilberitos that have 100% of your daily
values of vitamins and minerals, they're in grocery stores now, in
the frozen food section.  Check www.dilberito.com for store
details.
I can't guarantee that eating Dilberitos will help you live long
enough to dance on the graves of all your enemies (an excellent
aerobic exercise), but it's worth a try.
Dilbert Fodder
What's bugging you about your job?  Let me know and you might see
it in a Dilbert comic, TV show or newsletter.  The best comic
fodder involves workplace peeves, devious strategies, frustrations
of dealing with others, conflicting objectives, unintended
management consequences, and of course my favorite - idiot bosses.
And I love True Tales of Induhviduals.
And if you're seeing any new management trends that need to be
mocked, I can help.  Send your suggestions to me at
scottadams@aol.com.  Short ones are better.
Cubicle Art
The Dilbert Zone is now accepting submissions of cubicle art: art
made from things you have around the office, or decorated cubes, or
"theme" cubes. Toward the end of March, the best ones will be
posted in the DNRC area at www.dilbert.com. Submissions will only
be accepted by e-mail, and must be in gif or jpg format, 50K or
less. E-mail cubicle art submissions to cubeart@unitedmedia.com.
All submissions will be governed by the terms of use posted at
www.dilbert.com.
Exclusive DNRC-only Offer - while supplies last!
Now through February 27th, take advantage of these special offers:
Spend $10.00 in The Dilbert Store and receive a free Dogbert Tech
Support Mug and a free 25-minute phone card.
Spend $35.00 in The Dilbert Store and receive a free Boss Pen
Holder with Dilbert Pen, a free Tech Support Mug and a free
25-minute phone card.
These DNRC offers will not be announced in the Dilbert Store. To
get them, you need to follow this DNRC-only link:
This year's Dilbert calendars are back in stock. Buy yours now
before they're gone for good!
In addition to the DNRC-only offers, enjoy great discounts on the
following products:
Dogbert "You're Next on My List of Things to Ignore" Cap - $7.99
Ignore Y2K Bug T-shirt - $9.99
Character Picture Frame - $8.99
Young Dilbert CD-ROM - $14.99
(Offers are limited to one DNRC bonus per order, but regular
Dilbert Store freebies will be added if the order amount qualifies
for them.)
How to Subscribe to the Dilbert Newsletter
You can sign up for the free Dilbert Newsletter
automatically. Send a blank e-mail to
dilbert-text-on@list.unitedmedia.com.
Unsubscribing
To unsubscribe automatically, send a blank e-mail to
dilbert-off@list.unitedmedia.com.
Problems Signing up for the Newsletter
If the automatic method doesn't work for you, simply
send a message to newsletter@unitedmedia.com specifying your
e-mail(or snail mail) address and you will be added manually.  This
method is much slower than the automatic method so please be
patient.
Scott Adams
scottadams@aol.com
Please do not reply to dilbertnewsletter@unitedmedia.com
FYI
Vince
Stinson Gibner
02/17/2000 11:23 AM
Vince:  Here is the information that I have on Paulo.    He would be slated 
to work for the summer with April Hodgeson and Matt Harris on how streaming 
media products may add value to advertising or some related area Actually, he would also be a good fit for helping to think ways to analyze 
our Enron On-line data.    I have asked if he can send a resume.   In the 
mean time, most of his relevant information is attached below.
--Stinson
Paulo Rocha e Oliveira  Stinson,
Thank you for your e-mail.  My phone number is (617) 492-9551 
I graduated from Princeton University in 1996 (mathematics), and came 
straight to MIT for a
Ph.D. in Operations Management at the Sloan Schoolof Management.  In my first
three years I took all the required coursework in mathematics,
optimization, stochastic processes, etc., as well as a number of courses in
psychology (at MIT and Harvard).  I am working with Prof. Gabriel Bitran,
and I am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations.  In
particular, I am interested in the interaction between customers and
companies (hence the interest in psychology).  The (tentative) title of my
PhD thesis is "Pricing Substitute Products on the Internet", and I am
sending you the summary which I sent to Tom Gros a few weeks ago that will
give you an idea of what this research is about.
Thanks again, and I'm looking forward to meeting you and your research
group next week.
Paulo
Pricing Substitute Products on the Internet
Objective:
To develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold
on
the internet.
Motivation:
This research is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and 
optimization
models are not appropriate for internet-related businesses.  The technological
innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of
information
which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices.
Furthermore,
companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can
have access to.
The problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue
faced
by internet companies.  Consumers usually search for generic products (e.g.
VCRs
or computers) without knowing exactly what they will buy.  Companies can show
different products and different prices to each consumer.  This type of
flexibility
was not available until the internet came about.
The problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet.  The
methodology developed by this research should be transferable to a number of
other settings, such as pricing services.  Services are unique, and there are
many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a
given company.  Our model will help companies decide which services to offer
to which customers and how much to charge for these services.
Research Strategy:
Our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components
which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies.  These
components are choice models and optimization models.
Choice Models:
Choice models describe how customers make choices.  The management literature
draws on two main sources for these models: psychology and economics.  The
common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic
elimination methods.  These methods consist of the elimination of options
based on the sequential elimination of features until only one choice
remains.
These methods tend to be very context-specific and do not lend themselves very
easily to mathematical analysis.  Economists focus on utility-maximing models
that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological
models.
The most common economic model of choice is the logit model.  The problem with
these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how
consumer make choices on the internet.  The first step in our research will
be
to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between
customers
and companies on the internet.
Optimization:
Traditionally, the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a
certain planning horizon.  On the internet, the problem of maximizing revenue
still exists, but there is also a need to learn about customers.  Short term
profit is based on sales, but long term profit is based on how well you know
your customers and are able to retain them.  The optimization problem must
therefore include a short term component (sales) and a long term component
(learning).
Zimin Lu
02/08/2000 04:17 PM
Barbara,
I set up our meeting at 9:00am on March 3 to discuss storage contracts 
valuation.
Vince, Stinson and myself will be available to participate the discussion.
Zimin
Joel Hanley  Dear Vince,
I hope you are well and that things round at Enron aren't too hectic. It is
my pleasure to invite you to speak at Energy & Power Risk Management
Magazine Conferences' new event, Australian Energy 2000, addressing the
second Industry Briefing - "Learning from US experience: Lessons to be
learned from the restructuring North American markets". I appreciate that
you are speaking a lot for us at the moment (for which I am of course
grateful) but, when researching, yours was a name that came up repeatedly
as someone the market would like to hear from. I am hoping that perhaps you
might need to see Paul Quilkey at some point in July and that we can
provide you with another reason to cross the globe.
Rather like the industry briefing that you are giving at Power 2000 this
year in Houston, this address will be presented to the entire conference
before breaking into their streams.
Australian Energy 2000 will take a focused look at the latest problems
facing energy players, with the two in-depth streams I mentioned above: one
dedicated to energy pricing and trading and the other looking at risk
management and the latest business issues.
This conference will be of the highly technical level that people have come
to expect from EPRM events, and I am very keen to encourage participation
from speakers in modifying the programme to suit the audience and issues at
hand. If you have any suggestions or comments on the programme, please let
me know; any help would be gratefully received.
This event will be thoroughly marketed through both Energy & Power Risk
Management Magazine and our extensive database. It is my aim to attract the
leading market players by providing a first-class programme with top-rated
speakers, making this a highly worthwhile event for the energy industry.
I have attached a copy of the programme for your information.
Unfortunately my schedule for this event is very tight. Please let me know
if you would like to participate by reurn email as it is unlikely that we
can speak on the phone as I am currently based in Hong Kong. If you would
like to send a colleague, then I would be happy to discuss this but it
would be great if you could complete the EPRM grand slam by addressing our
three major annual events on three different continents!
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Joel Hanley
Producer, EPRM Conferences & Courses
- AustralianEnergy2000.doc
__________________
EPRM Conferences
Risk Publications
Hong Kong
Tel: 852 2545 2710
Fax: 852 2545 7317
www.riskpublications.com
RealPlayer News To unsubscribe to this email, please read the information at
the end of this message.
Dear RealPlayer Customer,
We're excited to tell you about an easy-to-use software tool which
will dramatically speed up your Internet connection -- guaranteed.
TweakDUN boosts your connection without adding any additional
hardware to your system. And it is just $14.95 -- a fraction
of the cost of new equipment.
With TweakDUN you automatically experience faster Internet
downloads and smoother streaming with less need for rebuffering,
all without upgrading any hardware or changing your Internet
Service Provider. TweakDUN works with Windows 95/98/NT4 to
change "hidden" default settings and tweak most Network adapters,
including the Windows Dial-Up Adapter. With TweakDUN, data
no longer fragments, so your online experience is as fast as
possible.
You can download TweakDUN risk-free for only $14.95.  If your
Internet connection isn't faster after using TweakDUN, we'll
refund your money, guaranteed. Just contact us within 30 days
for a full refund.
We are glad to offer these special products to our RealPlayer
customers.   Thanks for your continued support.
ABOUT THIS E-MAIL
You are receiving this email because you downloaded our
RealPlayer and indicated a preference to receive product
news, updates and special offers from RealNetworks.
To remove your name from future email communications,
simply visit the following URL and click on the Remove
button:
RealNetworks respects your right to privacy online.
Your e-mail address will never be shared with a third
party without your consent. Our privacy statement,
which has been reviewed by TRUSTe, is available at:
RealNetworks(r), and RealPlayer(r) are trademarks or
registered trademarks of RealNetworks, Inc.
Names of third party companies or products listed herein are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Prof. Peter Tufano
Harvard Business School
Morgan Hall 377
Soldiers Field
Boston, Massachusetts 02163
Phone: (617) 495-6855
Fax:    (617) 496-6592
Email: ptufano@hbs.edu
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
02/22/2000 01:10 PM
India: Enron aftermath
Business Line - 02/21/2000
Abhay Mehta
Power Play
A Study of the Enron Project 
* Publishers: Orient Longman, New Delhi * Price: Rs. 195
THE Enron power project at Dabhol in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra has 
been mired in nationwide controversy ever since the
inception of the project proposal in 1992; and the sordid tale ends only 
in 1997, with the Supreme Court of India refusing to even
admit an appeal against the Bombay High Court decision, of December 1996, 
which while commenting that "This case has
highlighted to the people as to how even after 50 years of Independence, 
political considerations outweigh the public interest and
the interest of the State and to what extent the Government can go to 
justify its actions not only before the public but even before
the courts of law" - yet dismissed a public interest petition against the 
project on the (purely technical) ground of res judicata, even
though new facts, new arguments, new evidence of the violation of the laws 
of the land had been advanced by the petitioners.
The fact that the fresh violations of the law were not even considered and 
recorded, despite the petitioners adducing the required
evidence, can only be termed as strange, perhaps bizarre.
Abhay Mehta's simple, factual documentation - in fact a chronological 
narration - of all events, including the process of bending all
rules, of subverting the law for promoting a project involving 
unparalleled future liabilities for Maharashtra, indeed for the whole of
India - is not only masterly, it is devastating.
It is a short, pithy book which deserves to be read from cover to cover by 
all thinking citizens of this country. Barring the
concluding chapter, the epilogue, there are no personal comments, only 
facts, disseminated from the original papers, mostly 'secret'
documents.
All documentation has been carefully, faithfully recorded, including 
extracts from supposedly 'top secret' minutes of cabinet
committee meetings; and the specific violations of the law (which were 
opposed by a few public spirited civil servants, much to
their disadvantage) have been pointed up. Apart from an introductory 
'Primer on Electricity' - introduced for the benefit of the
layman, explaining some technical issues relating to electricity 
generation, transmission and distribution - and the background of the
events of 1991, the foreign exchange crisis, and the aftermath of the 
crisis, the other fifteen chapters, three appendices and fourteen
annexes of the small book (of 226 pages) packs in an enormous volume of 
factual information. The strange saga of the Enron
project, and the sheer magnitude of the future problems this one single 
project poses for the country, need to be briefly recounted
here, for essentially, it is the coming generation which would have to 
face the problem.
The MSEB has contracted to buy - and if not used, to pay for - 2000 MW of 
electricity (for a period of 20 years) from the
Dabhol Power Company (the legal entity set up by Enron, as an unlimited 
liability company registered in India, through a maze of
intricate crossholdings of equity by half a dozen or more 'front' 
companies registered in various tax-free havens.
Abhay Mehta has indicated the total payments to Enron over 20 years amount 
to $ 35 billion (at 1998 exchange rates, around Rs.
1,25,000 crores) over the life of the project. One must record that: (a) 
crude oil/oil product prices have as of writing, more than
doubled since the above calculations were made. A per the 'doctored' 
figures presented by the company (and its advocate), the
charge per unit of electricity supplied, at the 1998 level of prices, was 
to 4.39 cent (per unit) as 'capacity charge' and 3.43 cents
(per unit) for 'energy costs'.
The former is indexed to the US inflation rate, and the latter to 
international fuel prices. The former may be assumed to have gone
up only marginally (rounded to 4.4 cents per unit); we know that fuel 
prices have more than doubled internationally over 1999.
Assuming the 'fuel costs' to have increased less than 100 per cent - even 
though international prices have more than doubled - we
may assume (for 1999) energy costs of 6.85 cents per units, making for a 
total payment of 11.25 US cents per unit of electricity
supplied by the Dabhol Power Company (DPC) to MSEB in late 1999, in Phase 
I of the project.
Within another two years, at 2000 MW, the annual offtake (for 365 days X 
24 hours/day) would be 17.52 billion KWH; and at
11.25 cents per unit, the total payment amounts to $1.97 billion annually; 
for 20 years, this workout to $ 39.4 billion.
This is not counting any further inflation in either energy costs or 
capacity charge. At today's exchange rate - about Rs.43.5 per US
dollar - in rupee terms this works out to wore than Rs. 175,000 crores (as 
compared to Rs. 125,000 crores indicated by Abhay
Mehta). This is the cost to MSEB in rupee; and to the country in foreign 
exchange as payment to just one project authority, for
supply of part of the power required in Maharashtra.
The really significant point to note in this connection is that this 
payment - and considerably more, depending on (a) future increase
in'capacity charges' depending on US inflation rate, and international 
prices of LNGaphtha (for 'fuel costs'), and (b) depreciation of
the exchange rate of the rupee vis-a-vis the US dollar - is obligatory; 
the assets of the MSEB, the Maharashtra government
indeed, all assets of the Government of India (present and future) are 
mortgaged to Enron, by way of sovereign guarantees
extended by both governments.
The other significant point in this connection is that - as predicted by 
all independent Indian experts as well as the World Bank -the
Enron project he forced the MSEB to cut its offtake of Tata Electric 
Company's and its own much cheaper thermal power
already; in a postscript dated August 1999, Abhay Mehta has indicated that 
already, the MSEB had stopped buying between 200
and 250 MW of power from Tata Electric (available at Rs. 1.80 per unit) 
and has had to backdown its own Chandrapur thermal
power station (cost of this power being Rs. 1.20 per unit), while forced 
to buy more expensive Enron power at Rs. 5 per unit.
The loss to MSEB on this count alone comes to Rs. 460 crore per year.
This had in fact, been predicted earlier even by the World Bank.
It is pointless here to go into the details of how precisely all this was 
contrived, by a deliberate campaign of 'disinformation', of
blatant lies, of sidelining of expert opinion, not only of independent 
experts but also the GOI's own official advisers in this matter,
namely, the Central Electricity Authority as well as that of the World 
Bank, which was resolutely opposed to this project. The
detailed facts, the letters exchanged in the above context, the pressure 
tactics adopted, the flouting of all procedures norms, even
statutory provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Act, are all carefully 
documented by Abhay Mehta.
Mehta correctly concludes: "We frequently blame external agencies - like 
the World Bank - for all our problems, when, as a
matter of fact, we ourselves are our own worst enemies. In the instant 
case, the World Bank not only advised the Government of
India against the project, it stood resolutely firm in its assessment of 
the total inadvisability of this project. In fact, one must note
here that in 1996, neighbouring Pakistan, which had entered into a 
somewhat similar MoU with Enron, cancelled the project (and
the Power Purchase Agreement with Enron), for a $ 670 million, 782 MW 
residual oil-fuelled power plant, even though that
Agreement had stipulated Enron power supply at a fixed rate of 6.4 US 
cents per KWH over a 30 year period. (Note the
estimated rate of 11.25 cents per KWH for Dabhol power for the MSEB in 
December 1999, which works out to around Rs. 5
per unit).
One could go on; but one must leave the reader to go through Abhay Mehta's 
crisp, factual, matter of fact narration of the Enron
saga, and switch over to the point made by him in the epilogue to the 
story, about 'The Next Round of Scams'.
For quite some time, the ruling elite in India has been intent on 
'privatising' all public enterprises; and even 'utilities' are no
exception. The 'unbundling' of infrastructure with a view to privatisation 
of all the 'profitable' segments. All this - as per the current
'disinformation campaign' - is supposedly in the interest of 
rationalisation and greater efficiency of poorer supply.
The author has referred in this context to the acquisition from the 
Government - by the Torrent Group - of the Ahmedabad and
Surat Electricity companies at less than one-tenth of the market value of 
the assets of thee facilities. Again, much like the Enron
saga, all objections by the Finance Department of the Gujarat government 
were overruled.
And, Abhay Mehta has predicated that this onslaught - the break-up of 
power utilities into three segments, generation, transmission
and distribution, - with a view to their privatisation is likely to be the 
new thrust by the ruling elite, for reasons that do not require to
be spelt out.
Though Mehta had the examples of the Torrent Group takeover of Ahmedabad 
and Surat Electricity companies, and of the break
up of the Orissa State Electricity Board before him, yet his statement can 
be stated today to be prophetic; the UPSEB is now on
the firing line. The recent strike by the workers and engineers of the 
UPSEB in protest of the announced UP government decision
to trifurcate the UPSEB; and the Union Minister of Power, Mr. Rangarajan 
Kumaramangalam's statement that the UPSEB is a
loss making, inefficient unit and that privatisation of the facilities 
after the trifurcation - need to be noted.
That 40 per cent of the dues of the UPSEB are from the UP Government; that 
tariffs for UP electricity supply are fixed by the UP
government and not by the UPSEB; that the UPSEB does not have the cash 
even for routine maintenance as a result of the above
- these are facts that nobody is prepared even to consider. That the 
remedy for UPSEB lies in a different kind of reform and
restructuring, is not even to be debated. The whole idea is to privatise 
the profitable segments, and to leave the public sector entity
with all the problem areas, including rural energy supply. It is against 
this background that Abhay Mehta's book needs to be widely
disseminated, read, and its implications understood.
What is at stake is not a 'utility' here or a PSU there. What is at stake 
is the future of some 80 per cent of the have-nots in this
country.
What is at stake is the 'pillory' of the assets of the nation for private 
aggrandisement.
Arun Ghosh 
Karen,
The total of 5 offers. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to 
Charlene.
Paulo's resume will follow.
Vince
Karen Marshall
02/22/2000 03:51 PM
Vince,
Do you want 3 offers extended or 5?  I just noticed that you plan to fax two 
additional resumes.  If so, when can I expect the additional resumes?
Karen 
Karen Marshall
02/22/2000 03:37 PM
Vince,
I will handle the offer letters for the candidates.  I have the resumes for 
Darten Williams and Sevil Yaman.  I know you only provided the e-mail memo 
for Paulo Rocha, but I really need his resume in order to capture the 
necessary information for his offer letter.
Please have him e-mail it to me at Karen.Marshall@
Thanks,
Karen Marshall
Recruiting Manager
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 02/22/2000 03:53:46 PM
We are so glad you will be able to join us for dinner and the HLSR on March
2, 2000, to see Reba McEntire perform.
Here is the itinerary for the evening:
Depart NYMEX office at 5:30 p.m.by limousine for Pappasito's restaurant
(parking is available across the street on Smith street)
Arrive Pappasito's restaurant, located at 610 and Kirby near the Astrodome,
by
6:00 p.m.  If it is more convenient for you, feel free to meet us at
Pappasito's by
6:00 p.m.  You can leave your car there, and ride with us in the limo to the
Dome, or follow us to the Dome in your car.
Depart Pappasito's by 7:15 p.m. for the Rodeo.
Depart Rodeo at the end of the show, by limo to cars at Pappasito's, and/or
to the NYMEX office.
Please contact me by email or telephone (713-658-9296) as to whether you will
meet us at our office or Pappasito's.  Also please contact me if you have any
other questions or logistical requirements.
I look forward to meeting each of you.
Jana Laird Phillips
Marketing Manager 
Ken
I shall E-mail you in an hour or two if I have any comments.
Shirley has my cell phone  number.
Vince
Kenneth Parkhill@
03/22/2001 02:03 PM
Hi Vince,
thanks for forwarding the presentation of team 3, I hadn't received it did you have any questions or comments for either team that you would like me 
to pass along to the Wharton students this afternoon?
ken
Rosemary Fitzgerald  Dear Mr. Kaminski
I am emailing to introduce myself to you as the new producer for the PoweRisk 
conference. I am in the process of developing the draft programme for the 
2000 event, and this is the reason that I am contacting you.
Building on the success of last year's event, which attracted over 230 
delegates from across Europe and the US, PoweRisk 2000 will once again 
feature more than 50 leading power industry experts and academics world-wide. 
There will also be a comprehensive exhibition running alongside, cocktail 
parties,, champagne roundtables, in-depth workshops * and numerous other 
opportunities to catch up with your colleagues.
Throughout the course of my research, I have been speaking with many of the 
people who attended the workshop you led with Prof. Geman and Alexander 
Eydeland last year. The feedback has been extremely favourable and many 
expressed a wish to see you both participating in the main conference this 
year.
I appreciate that you have an incredibly busy schedule, and to this end, I 
wanted to contact you at this early stage with regard to the dates for this 
year's PoweRisk conference and to outline my list of queries to you, prior to 
calling your office tomorrow.  I would very much like to extend an invitation 
to you to deliver an address at this year's main conference. The conference 
will be taking place in Paris, on the 4th and 5th of October (with workshops 
taking place on the 6th)
The workshop topic last year dealt with the latest developments in risk 
management, pricing and trading of electricity derivatives. I would be most 
grateful if you could spare me some time tomorrow on the phone to discuss 
this area with me, and in particular the issues that you are finding most 
relevant to your work with Enron at present.
The need to build a programme which truly reflects the needs of the global 
power trading and risk management industry is clear in such a 
conference-saturated market. To achieve this we formed our Energy Derivatives 
Advisory Board last year for advice on all aspects of programme development 
and speaker acquisition. Chaired by Prof. Helyette Geman, the Board members 
currently include: Ehud. I. Ronn, Mark B. Garman, Dragana Pilipovic, Blake 
Johnson, Les Clewlow, Chris Strickland and Christian Vrolijk. This year we 
are expanding the scope of the Advisory Board and  inviting a number of new 
members*, including Jeffrey Skilling of Enron, Bruce Williamson of Duke 
Energy, Heinz Dieter Waffel of PreussenElektra, Harvey Padewer of Duke 
Energy, Alexander Eydeland of Southern Company Energy Marketing, John Shapiro 
of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Jeff Porter of Koch Industries
* (all confirmed and invited Board Members are past speakers at the ICBI 
PoweRisk event)
This year, I would also like to invite you to join our Energy Derivatives 
Advisory Board. In return for your evaluation of the draft programme and 
suggestions of possible improvements and potential speakers, you would be 
entitled to full branding as an Advisory Board member on the conference 
brochure and all conference documentation, first choice on speaking slots, a 
free pass if not speaking, and further discounted registration for clients or 
colleagues.
I will call your office tomorrow and would be very grateful if you could 
spare me a few moments to discuss the above proposals. I will also email this 
letter to you.
My contact details are as follows:
Tel: +44 171 915 5194
Fax: +44 171 915 5101
Email: rosef@icbi.co.uk
I look forward to speaking to you and very much hope that I will have the 
opportunity of working with you on this year's PoweRisk conference.
Yours sincerely
Rosemary Fitzgerald
Director, PoweRisk 2000
Shirley,
Please, include Grant as well.
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
02/24/2000 04:52 PM
Remi,
No problem. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a 
meeting.
Vince
Remi Collonges@_DEVELOPMENT
02/24/2000 09:10 AM
Vince and Grant,
I have been made responsible for all gas and power curves in South America 
(plus books development, reporting, .......).  I have somewhat started but, 
since I am new on the job, I'd love to receive advice, guidance (and at some 
stage help) from you.  Would you be available for a meeting next week, 
preferably Thursday or Friday?   I'm planning to be in Houston these days.
Remi Collonges
(55) 11 5503 1200
Remi,
No problem. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a 
meeting.
Vince
Remi Collonges@_DEVELOPMENT
02/24/2000 09:10 AM
Vince and Grant,
I have been made responsible for all gas and power curves in South America 
(plus books development, reporting, .......).  I have somewhat started but, 
since I am new on the job, I'd love to receive advice, guidance (and at some 
stage help) from you.  Would you be available for a meeting next week, 
preferably Thursday or Friday?   I'm planning to be in Houston these days.
Remi Collonges
(55) 11 5503 1200
Paulo Issler
02/24/2000 02:33 PM
Vince/Stinson:
The following is an update on LJM deal:
1) I participated on a conference call with AA (Jitendra and others) and our 
Accounting/Credit Group (Wes, Bill Bradford and others) yesturday, in which 
we discussed the best approach for definining credit reserves at year-end for 
the puts we own. 
2) A big chunck of the meeting was dedicated to explain AA the details of the 
deal. Little progress was made on achieving the meeting's goal.
3) Apparently, Accounting did want to expose the calculation we made for puts 
value that considers credit risk - the two factor model we developed. That 
line of action was implied on a pre-meeting we had early that morning. From 
my understanding, Accounting argues that we should not make any credit 
reserve because we could not liquidate our position by year-end 4) At a certain point Jintendra suggested me to use a two factor 
MC-simulation for calculating the position with credit risk. The approach is 
actually a more simplified version of the model we have. I and nobody 
mentioned the results we got from our 2-factor model.
5) At that same afternoon I knew from Accounting that we are in a process of 
unwinding our position. 
These are the main points. Please let me know if need more details.
Paulo Issler 
Martina,
Thanks.
Vince
Charlotte,
I confirmed today with your colleague Stuart at  x34073 and he arranged for 
the CPU to be removed.
Please call me if you have any questions. Thanks!
Martina  x34327
Vince J Kaminski
24/02/2000 15:28
Charlotte,
I am back in Houston. Please, contact Anjam Ahmad and/or
Martina Angelova. They will be able to help you.
Vince Kaminski
Charlotte Baldock
02/24/2000 05:22 AM
Vince
Can you confirm that you will returning the loan PC to IT Support today 
please?
Thanks
Charlotte
Nick Bambos  Vince,
If that doesn't work we can meet on Saturday. No problem.
My cellular phone is 650-796-8163. I will have it on,
Friday after 11am.
Looking forward to seeing you,
Nick
Vince.J.Kaminski@ wrote: