9:30am is good.  See you then.
--
Jim Nusbaum             rjn@predict.com
Chief Technology Officer
Prediction Company
phone: 505-984-3123     fax: 505-983-0571
Drogi Wicku,
Czy masz czas sie spotkac na popoludnie i wieczor w piatek 7go wrzesnia?
Serdeczne pozdrowienia - Marek
Aon Corporation
mark_kierlanczyk@ars.aon.com
312 381 4324  biuro
312 342 0976  cell
Nie mam telefonu w domu
Marek,
I shall be in Santa Fe on the 5th. Coming back on Wed, so Friday looks OK for drinks.
What about Thursday? Where are oyu going to stay?
Wicek
Drogi Wicku,
Czy masz czas sie spotkac na popoludnie i wieczor w piatek 7go wrzesnia?
Serdeczne pozdrowienia - Marek
Aon Corporation
mark_kierlanczyk@ars.aon.com
312 381 4324  biuro
312 342 0976  cell
Nie mam telefonu w domu
Shirley,
Can you FedEx to her the reprints of my papers. 
I shall bring you one more tomorrow.
Vince
Samantha Whittaker
Senior Publishing Editor, Finance
John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Baffins Lane
Chichester
West Sussex PO19 1UD
UK
Direct T: +44 (0)1243 770643
Fax: +44 (0)1243 770677
swhittak@wiley.co.uk
Shawn,
Sorry to see you go. Let's stay in touch.
Vince
Friends:
Tomorrow will be my last day at Enron.  However, I will be near, as I will be taking a new position at El Paso in a few weeks.
I've enjoyed getting to know and work with you during my stay here.
I wish you all the greatest success.
Shawn
P.S.  Prior to getting new contact information, I can be reached at shawnfwd@hotmail.com or on my cell (713.851.9578 
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp121701.pdf 
Liz - these are great directions and it takes approximately 34 minutes.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Shirley
Shirley,
Please let me know if these directions are sufficient. 
Thank you,
Laura
Route 
Anita,  Vasant
5:30 is fine.
Vince
Vasant has a meeting in Sandeep's office  to discuss the Oz Deal.  He could see you at 5:30 or he can postpone or miss the meeting in Sandeep's office.  What do me to have him do?
,
Anita DuPont
Enron Research Group
713-853-0329
EB 1969
Candice,
Thanks a lot. I look forward to the dinner of Friday.
Vince
Hello Vince,
I have made 6:30pm reservations at Ousie's table this Friday.
I hope it will be to your liking. 
Ouise's Table
3939 San Felipe
Between Willowick and Southern Pacific Railroad track
713-528-2264 
I am attaching the directions to Ouise's from Enron for your convenience.
Look forward to seeing you Friday.
Sincerely,
Candice Kao
This is great!  I love it!
Celebrity Cruise
We at Carnival Cruise Lines didn't forget that a lot of entertainers
had promised to leave the country if George W. Bush became President.
With that in mind, we have a Special Offer for those who want to keep
their promise!
Attention: Would Alec Baldwin, Rosie O'Donnell, Cher, Phil Donahue, 
David Gephin, Barbara Streisand, Pierre Salinger, and anyone else who 
made that promise, please report to Florida for the sailing of the 
Funship Cruise, "Elation," which has been commissioned to take you 
to  your new homes outside of the USA. The Florida Supreme Court will 
sponsor a  Farewell Parade in your honor through Palm Beach, Broward, 
and Miami-Dade counties prior to your cruise.
Please pack for an extended stay...at least four years and you should
consider the possibility of eight years. Your captain is to be Bill 
Clinton and your cruise director will be Al Gore. Monica Lewinsky will 
be your recreation director. Ted Kennedy will act as lifeguard and 
supervise swimming instruction. Mr. Kennedy will also be teaching a 
course in emergency procedures. 
Your spiritual advisor and marriage counselor will be the Rev. Jesse 
Jackson. If you've any questions about making arrangements for your homes, 
friends and loved ones, please direct your comments to Senator Hillary 
Clinton.  Her village can raise your children while you're gone, and she 
can watch over all your money and your furnishings until you return. 
Bon Voyage!
Hi Vince,
I wanted to let you know that I received  Jill's resume ( via Molly Magee & Anne Labbe) and added her  to the Executive Referral program. 
I called Jill to let her know I received her resume and have forwarded it on to another recruiter for review.
I will keep you up to date on her status when I receive feedback from the recruiter. Please feel free to call me with any questions or specific people you wish to see her resume.
Thank you,
Andria Stevens
Enron Executive Referrals
Andria,
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Vince
Hi Vince,
I wanted to let you know that I received  Jill's resume ( via Molly Magee & Anne Labbe) and added her  to the Executive Referral program. 
I called Jill to let her know I received her resume and have forwarded it on to another recruiter for review.
I will keep you up to date on her status when I receive feedback from the recruiter. Please feel free to call me with any questions or specific people you wish to see her resume.
Thank you,
Andria Stevens
Enron Executive Referrals
Vince,
As part of the plan process, I have to prepare a variance analysis between the 2001 forecast and the 2002 plan.  I have attached a summary for your review and I need your help explaining some of the variances.  The 2001 forecast is based mostly on plan, but I did use an annualized amount for some expenses for which the actuals were considerably above or below plan.  Please let me know if you think I need to adjust the forecast because this will, in turn, affect the variances.
The main items I need are as follows:
1) An explanation of the increase in headcount (14 people (26%) over the average of 53 I have forecasted).
2) The Recruiting and Relocations account is new for 2002 - these costs were previously included in Travel.  Therefore, I would expect that the sum of Recruiting and Relocations and Travel for 2002 would be comparable to the 2001 Forecast for Travel alone, but there is a variance of about $140,000 (38%).  I expect that much of this is due to the increase in headcount, but that is not enough to fully justify the increase.  Are you expecting a higher level of travel in 2002?
3) Same as above for Conferences and Training.  This is a new account and these costs used to be in Tuition Reimbursement (this account included all training).  The increase in Tuition Reimbursement alone is really more than I can explain as due to the increase in headcount.  Are there specific conferences planned for 2002 that were not attended in 2001?
4) Can you give me a breakdown of what is included in the amount for Outside Services?
5) If I understand your allocation percentages, you will allocate 100% to other business units, compared to the approximately 73% that is forecast.  Is this correct?
Thanks for your help,
Diane
X5-7996
I am in
Vince
Dear Band of Brothers!  (sorry...I'm reading Ambrose's book by the same name)
Scott Tholan and I thought it'd be cool to pull together the old Skunk Works crew for a reunion.  The goal of the meeting is to brainstorm data collection technologies and applications to better serve Enron customers -->> we want to get ahead of customer needs rather than forever being reactive to requirements blowing in from left field.  This is not necessarily about dreaming up whiz-bang technologies.  It's about pooling our knowledge of customer information gaps, and identifying old/new technologies to collect data that make our customers smarter and richer. 
A steady flow margaritas would free the collective brainpower and creativity.  Who else is cleared into TAC programs and should be a part of this shindig?
Scott's out next week, so let's shoot for Tues, 11 SEP.  Let's say from 1500hrs until??  I'm serious about the margaritas 
Any problems with this date/time?
Many thanks and looking forward to a good session!
Ciao - Chris
@Jones: News and Information from the Jones  School
December 14,  2001
New Website Web Calendar Alumni  Directory To Be Launched January 1, 2002
Alumni Happy Hour -- January 9,  2002
Rice Alliance, Executive Education Host "Markets in Transition"  Symposium -- January 10, 2002
Dean's Lecture Series Welcomes Jim Day, CEO,  Noble Drilling -- January 23, 2002
TXU Sponsors Partio -- January 24,  2002
All-Class Reunion -- February 28 - March 2, 2002
Alums Invited to  Participate in Recruiting Events
Dean Whitaker in Time Magazine
Class Gift  Campaign: Frequently Asked Questions
Rice MBAby Rompers
Admissions  Counselors
History
Campaign
Students, alumni, faculty, and staff are invited to  the January 24 Partio hosted by TXU Corp. Partios are hosted weekly as an informal  networking opportunity between company reps, students, alumni, and faculty.  Contact Joy Schaerrer, 713-348-5371, e-mail joys@rice.edu .
Alumni are invited to participate as  volunteers in Rice MBA and MBA for Executives recruiting events scheduled  for the spring. Your help in talking with and interviewing prospective  applicants will be greatly appreciated. Information Sessions, Open Houses, and  MBA Forums will be held at the Jones School and other venues during the spring.  Contact Stacie Easterling, Associate Director of Admissions, to volunteer  for MBA Program recruiting events: phone: 713-348-6154, easter@rice.edu . To volunteer for MBA for  Executives recruiting events, contact Kay Henry, Director, MBA for Executives:  phone 713-348-4731, henryk@rice.edu . To  view a list of recruiting events, click     and select "Recruiting Events  
Mark your calendars for the third annual All Class  Alumni Reunion Event, scheduled from Thursday through Saturday, February 28 -  March 2, 2002. Chuck Watson, CEO, Dynegy, is keynote speaker for the 27th Annual  Alumni Dinner scheduled for February 28. Participants will enjoy the annual  student/alumni golf tournament, new building tours, and the annual reunion  reception on March 1. Alumni College and the Dean's Lunch will be held on March  2. For more information, contact Deanna Sheaffer, MBA '96, Director of Alumni  Affairs, sheaffer@rice.edu .
Dean Gil Whitaker was featured in the global  business edition of the October 29 issue of Time magazine where he was  identified as a "World Beater: People to Watch in International Business."  Whitaker was chosen for his efforts to diversify the school and pictured with a  number of black, Hispanic and women students The Jones Graduate School Class Gift Challenge is to  get all classes to make class gifts to the Jones School in honor of the Next  Century Campaign and
the 26th graduating class. The class (or classes) with  the highest participation rate will be honored with a dinner in the new  building. For
more information, contact Maya Houston, houstonm@rice.edu  phone 713-348-6145 Alumni Moms and Dads may receive a free Rice MBAby  baby romper for the newest addition to their family. Send us a picture of your  baby
wearing the romper for the alumni website Learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs  at the school, and view artist renderings of the new $60 million building,  currently under
construction  
Marek,
I did not get the full text of the message. We can meet Thu  late afternoon (I am likely to have a dinner scheduled
earlier) of Friday for drinks/dinner. Please, let me know.
Vince
There is an error in the Options based spreadsheet as I forgot to net the public and private assets.  Paulo has access to the modified spreadsheet.  Also, Paulo is going to visit the issue of risky/riskfree compounding/discounting.
Thanks.
Rakesh Bharati
Phone: (713) 853-0936
Fax:     (713) 646-2503
Jay,
I have to add another item to a long list of your headaches.
Greg Whalley gave us marching orders to treat the development of quantitative
models for data mining of EOL trade records as the top priority.
I shall be providing Greg bi-weekly updates on the project. 
FYI only. I am flying with Greg next week to a meeting with a third party
that may be involved in some aspects of this project. I shall tell you more when
we meet.
I know that we, as well as Greg, can count on full support and cooperation from you.
I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, to set up a meeting with you next week after I come back from
the trip.
Vince
Business:
Spago
Address:
265 Lytton Ave
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Phone:
650-833-1000
Fax:
650-321-2948
Bill,
Who knows, he might be interested.
You can contact him directly at his Houston (River Oaks)
address.
Vince
Do you think that Jeff might be interested?
FYI
Vince
Hi Vince.
We will help any way we can.
Thanks!
--jay
Jay,
I have to add another item to a long list of your headaches.
Greg Whalley gave us marching orders to treat the development of quantitative
models for data mining of EOL trade records as the top priority.
I shall be providing Greg bi-weekly updates on the project. 
FYI only. I am flying with Greg next week to a meeting with a third party
that may be involved in some aspects of this project. I shall tell you more when
we meet.
I know that we, as well as Greg, can count on full support and cooperation from you.
I shall ask my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, to set up a meeting with you next week after I come back from
the trip.
Vince
Maureen,
OK. Pease, set up a meeting.
VInce
Vince,
Michael G. will be in town next week. We can discuss further coverage of Latin America then.
Maureen
yes. Management just went through 2 days of pessimism. I think we need to talk with them and agree upon how they need to be supported and what information they will want from your team.
MFG
Michael,
We would be happy to put them on our mailing list of the GMM and send them the final electronic version of the presentation with the scenarios.  Due to the critical nature of Argentina we are monitoring it on a weekly basis in the GMM.  Do you think it would be useful to provide regional updates on some regular basis, eg.on a quarterly basis or more frequently for Argentina 
Maureen
We will be handing this draft out today. 
We met with Goldman and Citibank yesterday and have reviewed the regions macro econ status. 
We need to get you more active in our activity. I do not think everyone knows your team exists. Put John Lavoratto, louise kitchens and Jim Hughes, stan horton  on you e mail list at least. I would reccomend you set a meeting up with them directly to let them know what your team is doing. I will talk to them again today. 
I am in Houston next week. I will stop by.
Good work everyone who saw the first draft was surprised we had this in house expertice. 
MFG
Michael and Orlando,
Attached is the revised version of the presentation, we have added the scenario analysis at your request.  Please let me know if there is any other way in which we may be helpful.
Thanks,
Maureen
David,
Count me in. Never missed a party.
Vince
Stay tuned for info on a multiparty adios/welcome back "event"  targeting (deliberate choice of words) Shawn and others, probably Friday Sep 7.  Send names of who all is leaving soon and inspired ideas.- - -Curran & Haug (P.S.- - probably not bowling)
Friends:
Tomorrow will be my last day at Enron.  However, I will be near, as I will be taking a new position at El Paso in a few weeks.
I've enjoyed getting to know and work with you during my stay here.
I wish you all the greatest success.
Shawn
P.S.  Prior to getting new contact information, I can be reached at shawnfwd@hotmail.com or on my cell (713.851.9578). =20
Vince:
Many thanks for your note.  I really want to stay in touch with you.  Lunch is on you next time (joking).
I'll leave this with you, as I find it humorous.
Keep well.  Shawn
It must be great to be a management guru and never be wrong.
Before (excerpts from Leading the Revolution):
*	"Want to build a great Internet portal site?  Sorry, its too late.  If you're an incumbent like Sony or Bertelsmann and you want to grab a few million eyeballs online, you're going to have to write a check to for a zillion dollars or so and give it to a twenty-something kid who's managing a company that is haemorrhaging cash.  Or maybe you'll get lucky and Yahoo! will buy you."
*	"Never has incumbency been worth less. . . . The Internet has turned bricks and mortar into millstones.  And venture capitalists pour millions of dollars into terrorist training camps for industry insurgents."
*	"Consumers aren't going to spend the rest of their lives wandering the soulless canyons of Wal-Mart to save a couple of bucks on a hammer. . . . And all those "big box" retailers afloat in a sea of asphalt will one day find themselves out of the Internet-enabled revolution.  With only one or two exceptions, there is not a single market leader in the offline retailing world that leads its category online.  Most of the old-line companies just didn't move quickly enough."
*	"Go to any grocery retailer and ask to see its strategic plan from a few years back.  I'll bet there's no mention of Bechtel as a potential competitor.  Yet the world's largest construction company is helping Webvan, a start-up build a new distribution infrastructure that will support the home delivery of groceries ordered online."
*	"Administrators posses an exaggerated confidence in great execution, believing this is all you need to succeed in a discontinuous world."
I assume that the next edition of Gary's book will contain a few more caveats and qualifiers such as ". . . but don't be dumb."
After:
Features/E-Corp/The Think Tank; Inside The Revolution Smart Mover, Dumb Mover Think the first-mover advantage is a myth?
You're wrong: Most pioneering dot-coms failed not because they were first but because they were dumb.
Gary Hamel
09/03/2001
Fortune Magazine
Time Inc.
Page 191
I'm not fond of business aphorisms. Bigger is better, content is king, own the customer, cannibalize yourself--these are just a few of the cliches that trivialize complex business issues. Another is the idea of first-mover advantage, with its promise of extraordinary rewards for any company that is first to market with a new service or product. At the height of dot-com mania, first-mover advantage was a near-sacred mantra for VCs and entrepreneurs alike. E-commerce zealots argued that early success would compound even more quickly on the Web than in the dawdling old economy. Being first to build a consumer brand in a new category (Amazon), invent a new business model (eBay), or achieve critical mass (what Webvan was hoping to do) were seen as surefire routes to Midas-like profits.
In reality, of course, first-mover advantages proved illusory. For most dot-com startups, being first was simply a way to lose more, faster.  Many pundits began to argue that being a fast follower was a better strategy than trying to be the leader. Old-economy CEOs, eager to avoid the hard work of strategic innovation, seized upon this diagnosis to justify their instinctive fear of novelty. Suddenly, timidity was heralded as a virtue.
But the fast-follower advocates had it wrong as well. Most Internet companies failed not because they were first movers but because they were dumb movers. What companies should learn from the Internet debacle is not that being first is a dangerous form of hubris but that being dumb seldom succeeds. When it comes to trailblazing, there are at least three ways to be a dumb mover--none of which is unique to Internet startups.
Dumb: Getting your timing wrong   If a company invests faster than it learns, it will over-drive the opportunity and end up with an expensive and embarrassing failure.  That's the fate that befell Apple's pioneering handheld computer, the Newton. Was there a potential market out there for palm computers? Sure.  Could investment and marketing hype alone force the market to develop on Apple's time frame? No. Companies that over-drive an emerging opportunity often under-drive it later on. The initial performance gap, a product of unrealistic expectations and over- investment, produces a rapid retrenchment--and an opening for latecomers.
There is a market-penetration curve for every emerging opportunity.  Typically, this curve has an inflection point: a moment when all the pieces of the business model finally fall into place, customer demand explodes, and the market takes off. For videocassette recorders, the curve began to slope gently upward with the launch of Matsushita's VHS format in the late '70s, yet it would take another seven years for VCRs to find their way into one million American homes. By contrast, the market-penetration curve for Hotmail was a near vertical line, with more than ten million users signing up in the first 18 months. Matsushita ran a marathon. Hotmail ran a sprint. The Apple Newton might have evolved into something Palm-like, but only if Apple had paced itself by spending less, learning faster, and iterating more quickly. Apple blew the handheld opportunity not because it was the first mover but because it was a dumb mover.
Any management team that aspires to be a first mover must ask itself, What race are we running: sprint or marathon? If you try to run a 100-yard sprint like a marathon, you'll be left behind. If you try to run a marathon like a 100-yard sprint, you'll keel over from exhaustion.  So it is critically important to ask some questions: Are there difficult technical hurdles? Does market takeoff depend on the development of complementary products or services? Will a new infrastructure be required? Will customers need to learn new skills or adopt new behaviors? Are there high switching costs for customers? Will competing standards confuse customers? Are there powerful competitors that will seek to delay or derail us? If the answer to any of those questions is yes, a company must be careful not to pour in too many resources too soon; the race is going to be a marathon.
On the other hand, answer yes to all of these questions, and you'll need to sprint out of the starting block: Are the customer benefits clear and substantial? Are there potential network effects that will accelerate takeoff? Are there powerful competitors that will be compelled to follow?
Staying on the optimal penetration curve--neither over-driving nor under-driving an opportunity--is a neat trick, but it's not impossible.  AOL, Sun Microsystems, and Quicken-maker Intuit have all done it at one time or another. Smart movers continually review their initial assumptions about the business model, avoid the premium pricing and narrow market definition that create space for latecomers, move quickly to collaborate with would-be competitors, and outsource to maintain flexibility.
Dumber: Overpaying for market share  The allure of capturing a first-mover advantage often produces a spending orgy among a gaggle of look-alike competitors, each intent on ramping up faster than its rivals. That is exactly what happened in many areas of e-commerce. Services were given away free, ad budgets were doubled and then tripled, and massive investments were made in IT infrastructure--all in the quest of getting bigger, faster. In such cases, it's easy to overpay for market share.
To reap a first-mover advantage, a company must buy market share at a discount. That is, it must be able to buy a big chunk of market share before its competitors figure out just how much that share will yield in future profits. That is possible only if a company has a business idea that is truly original, as did eBay and ICQ (the Israeli company that invented instant messaging and was later acquired by AOL).
The fact is, the Internet didn't produce too much in the way of authentic business-model innovation, but rather too little. And even when an original idea did surface, it didn't stay original for long, thanks to the incessant, incestuous networking among Silicon Valley's venture capital companies. The moral is simple: If you want to profit from a first-mover advantage, you'd better make sure you start with a unique strategic insight that, at least initially, is unattractive to would-be competitors or protected by a wall of patents. Dumb movers swarm; smart movers don't.
Dumbest: Being first with a business model that's DOA  Pets.com. Iridium. Webvan. Northpoint.   Many business models are brain-dead from the get-go. They breathe as long as they are hooked up to the ventilator of investor funds but expire the moment investors swallow their grief and pull the plug. There are two fundamental flaws that can render a business model DOA: a complete misreading of the customer (does she really want to order dog food online?) and utterly unsound economics (there will never be enough petroleum geologists and Arctic explorers to make satellite telephony pay). There's no advantage in being first if the destination ain't worth the trip.
Not that this should be seen as an argument for always staying behind. A stupid idea that fails is hardly an indictment of the notion of first-mover advantage. Think twice before you let someone else's idiocy lull you into believing that being first is always a peril-strewn path.  Ask Fred Smith at FedEx if he was glad to be first in overnight package delivery, or Andy Grove at Intel (microprocessors), or Herb Kelleher at Southwest Airlines (discount air travel), or Pete Kight at CheckFree (online billing and payment), or Jeff Skilling at Enron (energy trading).
I don't believe any company should set out to be a follower, fast or otherwise. Sure, in hindsight, first movers often look dumb, but it would be imprudent to bet that they will always screw up. Indeed, when you look beyond the lunacy of the Internet bubble and consider companies with high-quality management, deep pockets, and real competencies, you find that being first pays off a surprisingly often.
So before you bet against the first mover, you'd be wise to ask yourself, Am I sure the first mover is going to be a slow learner? Will market penetration stay in single digits for some time to come, giving me time to grab customers later on? Will the rate of technology change remain high, creating opportunities for a leapfrog strategy? Will the first mover fail in signing up the most valuable partners? If you can answer yes to all these questions, then you may have the chance to be a
successful second mover.
In the end, the distinction between first mover and fast follower hides more than it reveals. The goal, after all, is not to be first to market in some absolute sense, but to be first to put together the precise combination of features, value, and sound business economics that unlocks a profitable new market. Sometimes the company that does this is the first mover, and sometimes it is not. But it's always the smart mover.
GARY HAMEL is chairman of Strategos, a strategy consulting firm, and author of Leading the Revolution. FEEDBACK: gh@strategos.com.
FORTUNE's Best Minds On E-Business
Quote: The management team must ask itself, What race are we running: sprint or marathon? Ask Fred Smith at FedEx if he was glad to be first.  Or Andy Grove at Intel, or Jeff Skilling at Enron.
Gwyn,
We can meet next week on Wednesday.
Vince
Vince,
I was planning on attending a job fair this afternoon.  If your schedule is flexible, can we meet instead next week 
Thank you.
Gwyn
A. Einstein 
"As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and
as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality."
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human
stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former."
"Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish."
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World
War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
"I never think of the future - it comes soon enough."
"If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith."
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax."
"The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is
at all comprehensible."
"The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has
merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one."
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources."
"You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war."
"If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts."
"Imagination is more important than knowledge 
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.  It is
the source of all true art and science."
"The important thing is not to stop questioning."
Paul,
Thanks for your message.
Larry does not fit the profile of my group.
Vince
Vince,
Per our conversation, please find attached the resume of Larry Broomhall for
your review. Also, a quick reply email will be appreciated concerning your
interest level. Thanks!
Paul Johnson
President- TAGE
(281) 497-8595
Visit our Website
- Paul Johnson.vcf   - Lawrence Broomhall.doc  
Steve,
I guess it's one of the challenges of the English language.
Tanya wants to ask for help in one of our new projects
that requires intensive interfacing with the data bases (and we have no expertise
in this area).
Vince
P.S.  A very funny article about challenges of the English  language.
Plz, see below.
Vince, I'm a little puzzled at the title "IT database support 
Do you mean the DBA's or our IT Application team?
Nelson,
Brian Mihura.
Vince
Vince,
Can you please provide me with the name of the contact in Competitive Analysis?  Brian ....??  I accidentally left the note on the presentation handout that you received on Friday.
Nelson
WN95090
FYI
Vince
I interviewed this fellow, who I understood worked for EES last year, and I found him to be very competent and the Economics Chairman thinks he walks on water.  He interviewed for a spot in Gas Load Forecasting but Shawn Chmil is passing on him due to lack of actual experience in load forecasting.
If anyone needs a very bright (top of the class) economics/stat candidate then please call me, ext 39464.
Jess Hewitt
Mike,
Yes, let's move ASAP.
Vince
Vince,
check out the sentence I bolded and underlined
shall I proceed with MIT/IBM etc?
Mike
To All:
Please mark your calendars for 26 September between 10 and about 11:30 a.m., as we willl be having
a special visitor from Northwest Research Associates who will deliver a presentation on the North
Atlantic/Arctic Oscillation (NAO/AO) and Sudden Stratospheric Warmings.  I encourage each of you
to attend, as this will be a very informative and worthwhile seminar 
Mark, along with other noted researchers at the University of Washington, Colorado State University, and
the ECWMF in Redding, are beginining to unravel some of the vagaries of the NAO/AO and to develop the
necessary tools to predict wintertime temperature and precipitation weeks ahead of time. I have asked
Mark to start from scratch and spend some time on fairly rudimentary concepts pertaining to the NAO/AO
and Sudden Stratoshperic Warmings.  He then will build up to his research and discuss where he thinks 
short-term progress can be made in terms of skillful wintertime temperature and precipitation predictions. 
Although many of you sat in on my NAO presentation from early this year, I can guarantee you that 
attending his talk will be worth your while. 
Mark's main focus will be to elaborate on what diagnostic tools and modeling schemes can be used to 
anticipate certain extreme phases of the NAO/AO and the likelihood of Sudden Stratospheric Warmings. These 
can, in turn, be used to something about the probability of cold air outbreaks or heavy snow episodes over parts 
of North America and perhaps parts of the world (for example).
In the end, Joe and I plan to take Mark to lunch to discuss a possible research collaboration between him/ECWMF 
and ENRON. 
I will provide the conference room number and any additional information as we get closer to 26 September.
Todd 
Maureen,
Let's make sure that the process is more efficent next time.
Vince
Maureen:  I am sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  Shirley did send me a hard copy of his resume, and I have been trying to reach him.  However, he has recently finished school and moved, so neither his email (at Johns Hopkins) nor his home phone number were correct.  I finally reached an old roommate last night who gave me Dan's cell phone number.  I left a message, and he emailed me late this afternoon with his new address and phone number.  I'll give him a call tomorrow, see what his availability is for interviews, and get back with you with the information.
Molly
Molly, 
Thanks for your help. I'm sure Vince Kaminski would like to be involved.  I would also like to be included in the interviews as well Gwyn Koepke.  I'm not sure who else.  Maybe Shirley arrange with Vince who else he has in mind.
Thanks, 
Maureen 
Also, does anyone have an electronic copy of his resume you could send me?  If not, does someone have a hard copy? 
Thanks, 
Molly 
Molly, 
Vince interviewed Daniel Bray today and would like to invite him to Houston.  He can be reached at (202) 213-3803.  Please let me know if you need any other information.
Thanks for you assistance in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
Maureen 
Shriram,
We have suspended interviews for the time being. I am waiting for
the approval of my budget fro 2002.
Vince
Dear Mr.Kaminski
As suggested by you in your below message, I am getting in touch with you in
September. Please consider my application for a suitable position in
Quantitative Research / Structuring / Trading / Risk Management. I have a
strong quantitative finance background and investment banking experience for
energy projects, in particular, valuation of energy assets and modelling for
power projects.
I have knowledge of pricing, hedging and modeling Energy Derivatives and
have experience in valuing energy assets both by conventional techniques and
newer methods like real options. Also, knowledge of VaR other risk
management systems, Monte Carlo simulations, etc. My thesis during my
Masters was for Dresdner Kleinwort in Singapore on newer energy sources. I
have done extensive modeling work and am very knowledgable about the energy
industry in the US.
I am a graduate in Financial Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and
Nanyang Technological University. I have also completed my MBA from XIMB, a
reputed business school in India. My research interests include real options
valuation, risk management, energy trading & derivatives and structured
products.
I believe that with my background, knowledge, skills and experience I will
do my best to meet the challenges and responsibilities of a demanding
assignment. The company will have to sponsor my employment visa in the US. I
have no location preferences and am willing to travel.
I look forward to hearing from you. You can reach me at 469-241-9775. Thank
you for your consideration.
Shriram S.
Enclosed : Resume
Shriram,