>    - IMG001.JPG
- IMG002.JPG
Yep.  We won't  miss him as much as we will Fergie if he goes though.  I 
think if he's fully committed to being as good a pro as possible he could be 
really good.  We'll see.
WE'll likely move Joe Weber to FB.  He's ~225 lbs and pretty fast for a FB so 
he'll do.  Whitaker will still be TB but we've got a redshirt frosh named 
Keith Joseph who has the dimensions of Eddie George and played really well on 
the scout team.  I'll bet he sees a lot of PT at TB if he's really that 
good.  He was one of the very few guys that RC got over MacIII in the last 
few years of recruiting.
ENE up 1-3/4!  Option bid only up 3 teenies from where I bought it though the spread on options is about a 1/4 which makes it tough. 
Rebecca,
I was looking in EHROnline at my available vacation to verify that it all got 
accounted for correctly in 2000.  It appears that it did except for the fact 
that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001, it only 
indicates that I have 120 hours available.  I should have an additional 16 
hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left 
over.  Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system?
Thanks,
Charlie Weldon
Shares of Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - Quotes, News, Boards) were smacked around 
again yesterday, following close on the heels of seven-session decline that 
sent the stock down more than 13 points, or 16%, from its recent high of 
$84.63 (December 28), all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. 
The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the 
rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering 
aftershocks
throughout the U.S. energy community. 
As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California 
has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and 
the uncertain 
profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing 
sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years. 
The state's two major utilities, PG&E Corp. (NYSE: PCG - Quotes, News, 
Boards) and Edison International (NYSE: EIX - Quotes, News, Boards) , are 
facing the
prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity 
purchased on the open market. However, the rates the utilities can charge 
their customers
for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the 
gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation. 
The risks to Enron are two-fold. 
For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the 
state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the 
company does
operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a 
considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global 
revenue
streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default 
payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the 
region. 
More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may 
pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis 
abates. Some also
fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as 
regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended 
economic consequences. 
Neither scenario is probable. For one thing, the airline industry was 
deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination 
along the way. And a 
strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have 
pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment. 
The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best 
course of action this week. It appears inevitable that, regardless of PG&E 
and Edison's
ultimate fate, the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the 
burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap. 
Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks 
on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last 
week. The initial
euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts 
will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic 
economic
growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result, 
we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized 
defensive plays
like Enron. 
We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been 
overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was
18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in 
the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly 
in natural 
gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an 
environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months. 
In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth 
help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the 
future. The 
markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and 
Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next 
year.
An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send 
profits measurably higher in the long term. 
Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001, 
according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to $1.65 a share. 
Although the 
stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term 
volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the 
market 
approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going 
forward
I will be unable to attend.
Thank You,
Charlie Weldon
I don't disagree with your view, but I wouldn't count broadband out yet.  It 
may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually.  If it 
doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice.
By the way,  I doubled up on JPM today.  It's showed me a profit you 
know 
713-345-7229
Try author Harry S. Dent  on Amazno.  Book is   "The Roaring 2000's Investor"
b_1/107-9841521-9750112
I'm here now if you want to give me a call.  713-345-7229.
Count me in please.
up to 69.75 from a low of 66.06!  Big buyers?  Avg daily volume = 3.09M 
shares, today - 3.06M so far
From the Street.com 
Over the past 90 days, fund companies have either launched or filed paperwork 
with regulators for the first four mutual funds focusing on the 
new-power/alternative energy industries. Unlike broader energy funds, this 
pack will focus to varying degrees on a thinner band of the energy/utilities 
sector, namely companies that either sell power at steep prices to utilities 
unable to keep up with their customer's demand and those developing new ways 
to keep the lights on or maybe even run your car. 
Click below for the full story:
Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue.
Waht do you think about these funds buying ENE and its effect on price?
ENE at 70-9/16 
A good time, indeed!  Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the 
near future.
I do not have the resources (time or money) to become heavily involved but I 
would be interested in possibly helping out on Congressional elections for 
2002 as well as any other opportunities that may arise in town to "hob-knob" 
or otherwise contribute.
I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your 
knowledge of business, etc.
We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two.  I'm 
looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around I added my sisters to the GOPUSA distribution list and may add some others 
later tonight.
When is the website going to have our pictures?
Thanks,
Charlie
Bobby Eberle  02:06:54 PM
Sent by: eberle@bullwinkle.jsc.nasa.gov
Hey V,
I had a great time this weekend!  This was a very momentous occassion,
and I'm glad we were able to share it with you and Melissa.
Please let me know what I should read to get more up to speed on the
business side of things.  In return, I'll answer any questions you have
on politics.  I've now been involved with Republican politics for almost
exactly seven years, so I have a little bit of experience with politics
and leadership 
When will Melissa have your pictures developed?
Bobby
Saw
Loftus,
I've been meaning to contact you forever and I just ran across your e-mail address from our incoming Associate class list.  Sorry it took so long.
How the heck are you doing?  I'd like to hear if you have another job yet or what your prospects are.  Please give me a call when you can.  My number is 713-853-3088.
Hope all is well.
Sincerely,
Charlie
As I previously shared, the result for vandium in the low-sulfer diesel (#2 fuel oil) came back at <0.1 ppm versus the "spec" of <0.05 ppm.  I just talked to the lab supervisor at Saybolt whom performed the analysis; and according to him there is no practical way of measuring the vanadium content more precisely than within one-tenth of a ppm 
The only way he knows of is to use a NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) machine that NASA uses to analyze rocket fuel.  He is not sure whether or not the government would allow use of such a machine but estimates that, if they did allow, it could cost upwards of $10,000. 
Please let me know if we should pursue this matter any further.
Thanks,
Charlie
Mike,
The maximum ash content is 0.01 wt% on the official spec for low-sulfur #2 fuel oil that we would be ordering.  We should plan on receiving fuel oil with up to this amount as you mention.
Thanks,
Charlie
Can you tell me what the lowest reasonable ash content readily available is?  We will submit the lowest reasonably attainable spec to MHI and ask them to assure that they will meet the PM10 requirements.
Thanks!
Mike
Matt,
Doug Leach will be calling me in the morning to set up a brief meeting to discuss all the final details regarding purchase of the fuel oil for Ft. Pierce.  I believe that we have all the logistical matters addressed and all that is left to discuss is where and how exactly the charges for this purchase will flow 
In order to maximize communication and be sure that this issue is finally resolved, I am asking that you attend this meeting with us tomorrow morning.  Please let me know what your availability is.
Thanks!
Charlie
got it
Go it
Matt,
Two quick questions that Doug Leach needs answered ASAP to get the oil ordered:
1)  Name and number of contact person for handling the accounting/paperwork type issues at HD King plant.
2)  Name and number of contact person for logistic/scheduling issues at HD King plant.
Thanks,
Charlie
Got it
Many Thanks!
Lisa Scully
Enron Messaging Security
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - buy the things you want at great prices
Thanks Mike.  Would you mind providing the MW and heat rate assumptions that correspond to these flows just for information purposes.
Thanks,
Charlie
Charlie,
The new plant max consumption for planning purposes should be set at 2,490 mmBtu/hr HHV.  In addition to this it is estimated that the existing Frame 5 may require 335 mmBtur/hr HHV, or a total of 2,825 mmBtu/hr HHV.
The plant consumption is based on the maximum combustion turbine requirement, plus a 5% margin, plus duct burning requirement.  This should be adequate as a conservative maximum case.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks!
Mike Coleman
Donald Wayne Vinson
05/23/2001 04:18 PM
Doug,
The contact at the HD King plant is Ed Leongomez.  His phone number is 561-464-5792.  Ed is the plant superintendent and can coordinate all issues regarding the fuel oil either directly or indirectly.  (He happened to call today so he should be glad to hear from us)
Thanks,
Charlie 
Just want to remind everyone that the exact quantity is 202,000 gallons, isn't that right David?
I spoke with David regarding this email.  He will call Ed and clarify how we are doing this deal.  Thanks for your assistance -- do you need anything else?
I spoke to Ed and Steve Treece at the plant this morning. Please confirm that Fort Pierce Utilities Authority is the buyer of record and whom do we send the invoices to. Both Ed and Steve were confused regarding this issue. I also need in writing asap (email ok) from someone within the project deal team that Enron will guarantee the fuel payment on behalf of FPUA. You need to be aware that the plant only has one truck unloading bay. That is fine with a 200,000 gallon tank fill with no rush, but will be unacceptable when you need the 800,000 gallons tank fill or are burning diesel as a primary fuel. What plans are in the works to build another truck unloading bay? When will that bay be operational?
Doug,
The contact at the HD King plant is Ed Leongomez.  His phone number is 561-464-5792.  Ed is the plant superintendent and can coordinate all issues regarding the fuel oil either directly or indirectly.  (He happened to call today so he should be glad to hear from us)
Thanks,
Charlie 
Steve,
As of yesterday's curves, financial mid is 5.169 and physical mid is 5.311.  The physical Index premium is at TranscoZ6 is  ~.035 in summer and ~0.5 in winter.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Charlie
Charlie & Steve,
I work in the power structuring group and need your assistance in pricing a gas swap.  The details are as follows:
Jan 1, 2002 - Dec 31, 2012
transco z6
priced at mid
I'm sure I am missing some inputs since I am new to this.  Please tell me what else I need to provide you.  Could you please give me one price with basis included and one without basis.
Thanks,
Steve 
x3-7214
Thank you Doug!  Sorry this thing turned into such a mess along the way.  I appreciate the help you have given both me and the team.
Charlie
I purchased 202,000 gallons of low sulfur diesel fuel from Central Oil Company (sub of Martin Gas) to be delivered to the Fort Pierce power plant starting on May 29 through June 5. A typical truck delivery is 7500 gallons so there will be about 27 truck deliveries. Deliveries will be made between 7:00am and 5:00pm during week days only. The fuel is priced at $0.9800/gallon delivered to the plant plus any applicable local, state and federal taxes. The fuel will be undyed. The current buyer of record to be shown on the bill of lading truck ticket will be Ft. Pierce Utilities Authority unless told otherwise prior to the first delivery. The truck scheduler at Central Oil is Tim Dick (813/448-2105) and he will coordinate with Steve Treece at Ft. Pierce. I have communicated all of the information above to Steve. Upon completion of the tank fill I recommend FPUA take a fuel sample and test for all appropriate diesel fuel quality specifications. 
David,
Attached is a summary calculation of the net payment owed FPUA for the fuel oil transaction.  Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Charlie 
Todd,
Attached is my resume per our conversation.
Thanks,
Charlie
Opportunity for 3rd Rotation Associates
Here's your chance to trade at Enron.  We are looking for a qualified Associate to rotate into a position with our Texas Gas Trading Group.  The successful candidate will be considered for a full-time position  
We are looking for outstanding Associates with the following qualifications:
Must have advanced knowledge of trading tools.  Knowledge of the Texas natural gas market a plus.  Some knowledge of transportation on PG&E, OASIS, and Tejas preferred  
Is this you?  Are you ready to step-up?
If you are interested, please contact:
Todd Peikert
HR Associate
Enron Wholesale Services
x3-5243
Todd.Peikert@ or
Jana Giovannini 
Associate and Analyst Program 
Career Development 
(713) 853-9233 
I want to remain a member
Please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to
enl-dailyupdate-txt.
Your email address has been entered for a subscription to the
enl-dailyupdate-txt mailing list. However, your new subscription requires
a confirmation that you received this email message and want
to join this mailing list.
If you do not want to join, do nothing.  You will be automatically
removed.
To confirm that you do want to join, simply reply to this message.
Make sure that your message is addressed to
lyris-confirm-28888J@estutenws11.energy.williams.com
To unsubscribe immediately, you send an email message to
leave-enl-dailyupdate-txt-28888J@estutenws11.energy.williams.com
Dutch,
Here's the quote sheet starting in August.
Thanks,
Charlie
Okay Mr. Weldon,
I searched all my data and could not find where you might have given me monthly PG&E city gate prices.  At your convenience could you send these along to me along with monthly Nymex going back a couple of years.  I looked at what you had sent Kim and it looks like a PG&E WACOG calculation.
Thanks.
Phil
FYI...... (and I'll provide the update he is requesting)
Charlie,
Here is an update on Stagecoach:  Tennessee Gas Pipeline had to re-file their case with the FERC, which will unfortunately delay the deal and push it out of Q2 and into Q3 or Q4.  We were told to update the model (and all pricing) so we know where we stand on our valuation at this point.  Can you please update the gas price for us when you have a chance?  The load factors and the associated volumes are unchanged from the last information that we sent to you. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or need more information 
Thanks,
John
Are you staying?
A buddy of mine put this one on the ground this past weekend.  Pretty nice
buck.