that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
Cash till Williams does a little better.   I'm swinging back to pizza now.
Chrissy,
Always in the past I've had my stock dividends re-invested as stock.  We can
make an election every year as to whether we get our dividends in stock,
cash, or 50/50.  I wonder if this year I should get the cash or if I should
just keep doing stock.  Any thoughts?
i
I did submit a request via "e Request" - #83213.  I didn't know if you wanted to assign other people to do this and I don't know HOW you would do that either.  I just asked for everything to cover all the bases.
You don't need UBS approval for access to estate files.
Did you submit a request for access.  I will approve.
You can not have access to AEP info however.
thanks
bob
I hope I have the right Bob Hall.  I'm trying to get sitara access to the West and Texas Desk and they have not been approved yet.  I'm waiting for Phillip Love (now with UBS) to approve the West and O'Neal Winfree (not sure who this is) to approve the Texas Desk.
Tommy Yanowski was able to help with a couple of these but it looks like we need to get the approving parties changed.
I also left a message for the help desk about this.
You were not given access to AEP.
This resource request has been rejected. You can view the details of the  request by clicking  
Request ID          : 000000000083213
Approver Type       : Data
Signature           : tommy.j.yanowski@
Comments            : Chris should have access to Enron Estate portfolios only.  He should not need access to any AEP portfolios.
Request Create Date : 2/20/02 3:28:38 PM
Requested For       : chris.germany@
Resource Name       : Sitara Houston Production AEP Edit Trader
Resource Type       : Applications
I applied for the Origination - Wholesale position, job #1154 on the job posting board.  I would like to have the attached resume sent to the hiring manager as well please.
Please let me know if you have any comments or questions.
Thanks
I'm not aware of an AP rate schedule.  AS (tariff sheet #205) and IPP (tariff sheet #215) are separate rate schedules in the tariff.  AS pools are used to aggregate production meters on CGAS's system and are assigned a specific geographical location on the pipeline.  AS pool meters can be used as primary receipt points on firm transportation agreements whereas IPP Pool meters are not.
can you help?  Please review the attachment and let's discuss.
Ed
Shemin, can you answer Ed Smith's question concerning the pooling tarriff?
Ed McMichael, do you have knowledge concerning the EES pooling agreements?
Mark C. Ellenberg
Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft
1201 F Street, NW
Washington, DC  20004
202.862.2234
Edward Smith
Two quick questions:
1.   The Columbia Gas motion refers to two pooling agreements, the IPP
Service Agreement and the AS Service     Agreement.  Ms. Shemin's e mail
attaches a copy of a rate schedule entitled "IPP Rate Schedule
Interruptible  Paper Pools."   Does this rate schedule also apply to the AP
Service Agreement, or is there another rate        schedule for that
agreement?.
2.   Can Mr. McMichael swear the affidavit with respect to the pooling
agreements, which are with EES, not ENA?
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Cadwalader, Wickersham
& Taft for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
U de MAN.  thanks
This is the summary I sent to Ed. The details are on the spreadsheet I refer to in the summary.
Good Luck to you guys.
Bern
I was getting an error messge until I downloaded something from the IOL Setup & Help tab Now, I go to   and select "Transportation" at the top of the screen Then I select "Customer Activities" from the left side of the screen.
And this is where I used to get an error message, now I just get a small symbol - looks like some sort of "flash" plug in is not loaded.
Good morning Chris:
Please tell me your exact problem in getting into the EBB or the error message
that you got or just a general description of what happened when you clicked on
Customer Activities on our website.
Yes, the capacity was awarded to Boston Gas.  I sent an email message to Jeff
LoConte and Liz Danehy about the release.  Haven't heard back from them.  I
told them they can nom on the released quantity.
Ivy
Chris.Germany@ wrote:
 I still am unable to get into the EBB.  Did the capacity get awared to
 Boston Gas?