Les,
Thanks. I shall take a look at the article tonight.
Would you like to meet for dinner on Monday or Tuesday
when you are in Houston? If you have made commitments for 
the evenings, we can meet during the day either on Monday or Tuesday.
Vince
Hi Vince
Attached is a draft of the next EPRM article. Apologies for the short notice
again but if you can send us comments by Mon that would be good.
Also I'll be in Houston from Sun 22nd July to Tue 24th - would you like to
meet up?
Les.
- EPRM_12_swing_anal.doc  
Hi Vince
Attached is a draft of the next EPRM article. Apologies for the short notice
again but if you can send us comments by Mon that would be good.
Also I'll be in Houston from Sun 22nd July to Tue 24th - would you like to
meet up?
Les.
- EPRM_12_swing_anal.doc 
Krishna,
Do we want to meet with him? I don't see any point.
Vince
Vince/Krishna:
I am trying to firm up my schedule for this coming Thursady.  Is it time
from your perspective for us to get together and discuss how you might begin
to use NARG?  Give me an email or phone shout at (650)218-3069 to schedule
for this visit if you are ready.  Thanks.
Dale Nesbitt
Flight: from HOUSTON TX to SAN FRANCISCO 
Day and Date: Thu, 7/19/01 
Flight: CO 1566 
Class: M 
Depart: HOUSTON TX, 11:55AM 
Arrive: SAN FRANCISCO, 1:52PM 
Equipment: 737-800 
Meal: Snack 
Les,
Let's meet on Monday at 4:00 p.m., July 23rd, at Enron.
Vince
Vince
Dinner Mon evening would be great. I could come into Enron before hand and
show your group our soon to be released energy derivatives software if you
like?
I've attached a slightly updated draft of the article.
Les.
- EPRM_12_swing_anal2.doc  
Vince,
Here is a copy of the paper for your review and comment.
Thanks,
Rabi and Tanya
As was announced in today's Jones News, the school wide events calendar has
moved from Yahoo to the Jones School's web site.  The Yahoo calendar will
be disabled this afternoon.
The address of the new calendar is    As
with the rest of the web site the calendar is an evolving project so check
back often for the latest events and features.  This is a publicly
available calendar so please tell friends and family to check here to see
what's up at the Jones school.
Linda Werckle is still the primary point of contact to have your event
placed on the calendar.  The best way to contact her to have your event
placed on the calendar is by e-mail to werckle@rice.edu or telephone
713-348-3463
To do
EES presentations to Rhys
Krishna's letters
Iris,
Thanks. I appreciate your involvement in this project.
Vince
Hi,
How are you?  Just a brief note to let you know that I followed up on the letter (dated May 2nd) to Dr. Ken Lay from the President of Howard University.
I spoke with President Swygert and Dr. Hassan Minor about how Enron may assist Howard University in structuring a new Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Center (ISE).
I was informed that Howard will be forwarding further details onto Dr. Lay and me as to how Enron can help them move forward with the development of the ISE.
Will keep you posted.
Kind Iris
All,
You will find attached the revised paper.  Most of the changes are cosmetic / editorial in nature except for the following (Tanya please check) material changes:
1. The CPU time for SORM grows with n + n*n/2 and not with n**3  
2.  I rewrote Appendix I -- corrected  two equations to make the calculated Hermite coefficients and the expression for the binnormal density function consistent with the definition of the Hermite polynomials used in this work, which have variances equal to n! for the nth order polynomial Also I changed many symbols in Appendix I to harmonize and especially to avoid using alpha and beta which have special meanings in FORM/SORM literature
I will post the version in the O drive tomorrow.
,
Rabi De
.
Paolo,
I shall be very glad to help you.
Vince Kaminski
Dear Dr. Kaminski
My name is Paolo Cadoni and I work for Risk Magazine in London.  I am
contacting you to request your assistance. We have recently had a very
interesting paper submitted for publication, entitled: "Let's Swing Again
(Pricing Non-Storable Commodity Options)".  I would very much like you to
act as an anonymous referee for this submission, if it is not too much
trouble.
Keypoints:
An expectation model with permanent and temporary shocks has been developed
and used to price a swing option (capacity reservation option) on a
non-storable commodity. The model is a hybrid of a permanent shock (binomial
tree) and temporary shock model (reminiscent of Black (1976)). The
flexibility offered by the model's hybrid nature allows it to capture the
empirical behaviour of electricity and gas prices: transient spot price
shocks and calibration  to the futures prices and the futures volatility
term structure.  As the size of the volatility of the temporary shocks is
increased the component of the swing option priced derived from the
temporary shocks quickly dominates the component from the binomial model.
Therefore, a failure to model the transient shocks when pricing swing
options may present a serious modelling error.
I do hope that you are able to help us out. If you are in agreement, I can
email you the paper immediately - we would need the report emailed to us
within around four weeks. Please get in touch as soon as possible.
Many   and consideration.
,
Paolo Cadoni
__________________________________________________________
Dr Paolo Cadoni
Technical Assistant, Risk Magazine
Risk Waters Group
Haymarket House                         e-mail: pcadoni@riskwaters.com
28-29 Haymarket                          Tel.: +44 (0)20 7484 9804
London SW1Y 4RX                       Fax: +44 (0)20 7930 2238
The information contained in this communication is confidential and may be
legally privileged. It is intended solely for the use of the individual for
entity to whom it is addressed and others authorised to receive it. If you
are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any disclosure,
copying, distribution or taking any action in relation to the contents of
this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Neither the
sender nor the represented institution are liable for the correct and
complete transmission of the contents of an e-mail, or for its timely
receipt.
Maureen,
No problem.
Vince
Vince,
Thanks for allowing to go to the World-Bank IMF meetings, the seminar will cost $2400.
Sincerely,
Maureen
Vince,
Could I attend the World Bank-IMF meetings, in Washington, form September 28 through October 1, 2001.  I have also been invited to the IIF annual meetining during the same period, also in Washington.  Attached below is the information on the World Bank-IMF Meetings and an itinerary of seminars that I would like to attend.  Please let me know at your earliest convience, I'm sure hotels are booking up fast.
Thanks,
Maureen
Hi Kelly,
here is the writeup on KMV (excluding the charts that were downloaded from KMV and Moody's) prepared by members of the Research Group.
Vasant
Darrell,
I am sending you the first document for review. It's a new algorithm
invented by Rabi De and Tanya.
The credit paper has been written but it needs more work
before we can send it to you.
I think you will enjoy  the document I am attaching.
Vince
FYI
Vince
Great! I look forward to reviewing it,
and will get back to you.
Thanks!
Darrell
 X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft Exchange V6.0.4418.65
 content-class: urn:content-classes:message
 MIME-Version: 1.0
 Subject: The first document for audit
 Date: Mon, 16 Jul 2001 12:47:45 -0500
 X-MS-Has-Attach:
 X-MS-TNEF-Correlator:
 Thread-Topic: The first document for audit
 Thread-Index: AcEOH2t+YrCeSfbQQ9uW1MfwNSwcgg=_____________________________________________
Darrell Duffie
mail  GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA
phone 650 723 1976
fax   650 725 7979
email duffie@stanford.edu
web _____________________________________________
Ravi,
Thanks. I shall arrange for a phone interview with Sen.
Vince
Hi Vince & Rick, attached is a resume of a friend of mine from when I worked in NYC.  This guys has MIT Aerospace background but has extensive trading and risk management experience--one of those with commercial and technical experience.  He is an excellent team player with great personality as far as working in stressed and dynamic environment goes. He will do well at Enron.  I think he is ready to try Houston like I did as he is ready to raise a family.
Please forward to appropriate parties if there are no immediate opportunities.
,
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading,
EBS Global Wholesale Markets
713-853-3057  desk
713-516-5440  cell
Hi Vince,
Just a note to say I hope that you and the other good people I have met over the past couple of years are able to overcome the difficulties you are currently facing at Enron.  As you know we are continuing to market our GPCM Natural Gas Market Forecasting System to the industry and have done pretty well in that effort.  In fact, we are doing well enough that our users are in need of good analysts who could quickly learn our system and operate it for their companies.  There are three or four openings in Houstonand several others in other cities in the U.S.  If you can think of anyone who has worked for you who would be both capable and interested in this kind of application, I would be happy to forward their names and information to the people who are looking.
Again, good luck in whatever you choose to do, please stay in touch, and thanks for your help.
Bob Brooks
RBA Consultants
GPCM Natural Gas Market Forecasting System  
Vince
OK.  Can you confirm your address and contact numbers?
Les.
Hector,
Thanks for the update. I am likely to come to CMU this semester
(recruiting). I shall get in touch with you.
Vince
Hi Vince!
How are you? This is just a brief note to let you know I'm very much enjoying my time here at Carnegie Mellon. Adapting to the student lifestyle after working for three years was a bit discouraging at the beginning, but with time I began to appreciate it. This is the second week of our second mini-semester... I am finding the finance related coursework a good review, and the math and programming related coursework very interesting and useful. Our class is very small, approximately 30 people. I really miss Houston and Enron... Pittsburgh is a nice city, although I have little time to truly explore what it has to offer. 
I hope you're doing well. 
Sincerely,
-Hector
I could not open the attachment. My system needs a file in .doc or .pdf format.
M/S Word or Acrobat.
Vince
Dear Vincent,
Thank you very much for your offer. We very much appreciate it. Here
attached you will find a copy of the paper entitled "Let's Swing Again.
Pricing Non-Storable Commodity Options" by Russell Grimwood and Stewart
Hodges.
I would appreciate if you could return me the report by the 14th of August.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any problem opening the
file.
Thank you again for your time and consideration.
,
Paolo
- winmail.dat  
Attention: Houston-based Outlook Users
The Global Messaging Team is proud to announce that beginning today, Monday July 16th, Houston-based Enron employees that have been migrated to Outlook will be able to securely access their Enron Email from anywhere on the web. This means that if you can get on to the Internet, you can access your Enron Email with Outlook Web Access (OWA) without having to dial in to Enron's network. Please note that this is not available to those users still on Lotus Notes but will be available once they are migrated to Outlook. 
Once on the Internet, type mail.enron.com in your browser address window and supply your Enron network logon credentials as username and password. For example:
Username: jdoe4
Password Once you log in, Outlook Web Access opens your Enron Email mailbox. Outlook Web Access (OWA) allows you to send and receive mail, perform calendar tasks and manage your mail and contacts, as well as access your mailbox folders. At this time, Public Folders are not accessible via OWA.  Please keep in mind that Outlook Web Access is a browser-based version of what you might use in the office, so the functionality may be slightly different and some features of Outlook 2000 may not be available at all. Additionally, OWA is only supported using Internet Explorer 5.x only and not supported with Netscape.
Outlook Web Access is the standard Email package for connecting to your Enron mail from home, whether you are using an Enron-issued home PC, an Internet connection with your personal home PC, or your ClickAtHome PC. We will not support the use of the full Outlook installation for home use.
Outlook Web Access for remote locations and European/APAC Enron sites is currently being addressed and will be available soon. At this time, OWA is only available if your mailbox resides on a Houston mail server.
If you have any questions, please call:
Resolution Center at x31411 or
ETS Solutions Center at x54745
Anne,
No problem. I have retained Debra to offer a course for 20 persons in October.
You are very welcome to attend.
Vince
Vince,
Please accept my apologies for not being able to meet with you and Debra on Friday.  I was in a meeting that I could not gracefully depart from.  However, I am very interested in learning what Debra suggested, and what decisions were made 
Thanks,
Anne
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Vince:
I have several repairs that need to be done at home.  May I please
take a 1/2 day personal tomorrow afternoon and next Monday, the
30th in the morning?
Thanks!
Shirley
Vince:
Sorry about the delay. Here is the presentation and the spreadsheet for the quanto swap valuation. 
1) The presentation shows the pricing for a particular day of the season. The valuation for the whole season is simply the sum of the prices for individual days 2) Notice that as we blend the correlations the covariance term is simply dependent on the time that there is a forecast for HDDs.
3) The spreadsheet shows the hedging for both gas and weather. We need to start long on gas and hold this position up to the point where weather volatility kicks in. Notice that weather variance starts high and declines to maturity reflecting the presence of autocorrelation among past HDDs.
4) It is easy to produce an option model that pays out MAX(P*(D-K),0).
At this moment I and Claudio from the weather desk are talking to gas traders to resolve how to operate the hedging on gas (no problems so far). We are both believrs that this is a great product. If Enron does not lunch it someone else will do it. You may see it as a syntetic storage. 
I will be polishing the documentation and geting into the development of the option model as soon as I finish other assignments. 
Thanks.
Paulo Issler 
Rakesh,
I don't think I have to be involved.
Vince
Hi Vince,
I just received a call from Scot Gallagher at Arthur Anderson. They are seeking some clarifcations about how we formed the portfolios of puts and what volatility was used.  They would like to do a conference call.  Apparently, this is not a senior level issue.  Please advise if you would like to attend. Thanks.
Rakesh
Three approaches are proposed:
1. Maximizing profit.
2. Minimizing variance.
3. Minimizing value at risk (in progress, but not very promising).
I find the proposal OK.  I think it's premature to get into the support of
conferences and would therefore propose not to include them in the value
proposition at this time.
Although I liked the idea of the levels being tied to energy, I don't like
the titles.  I would like to see some additional options.  I will also put
some thinking into alternatives.
Bob
Included is a draft of a proposed fee structure arrangement for the
"partnership membership" in GEMI.  Rather than focusing on discounts and
credits for the certificate fees, we thought the simpler concept would be to
have a certain number of slots provided at no charge for the different
membership levels. We have tried to allow maximum participation in the
seminars and forums but providing a pro-rationing mechanism if needed.   On
conferences, we have suggested discounts which grow in size depending on the
membership level. It would be helpful if you could respond by Dec. 15th if
you like the proposal or have any suggestions.Thanks for taking the time to
review.
Lane
Dilbert Newsletter 36.0
Highlights
Buried Cities
Recently I saw a TV show in which archaeologists were uncovering a
buried city. What's up with that? I mean, even if you were the
dumbest of all ancient peoples, wouldn't you notice that your city
was slowly getting covered up with dirt and maybe crank up your
housekeeping efforts a notch? And don't tell me that brooms hadn't
been invented yet. They had plenty of sticks and plenty of
chickens, so you'd think that by pure coincidence one day a chicken
would back into a stick and invent the broom.
Maybe when the dirt builds up gradually you don't notice a problem
until your house disappears. I can imagine the conversation on the
day they figured out what was happening:
Ixphalup:  Hey, Fnorkzak, be a dear and go downstairs and get
my stone bowl, the crude one.
Fnorkzak:  Downstairs is gone. It's all dirt.
Ixphalup:  Uh oh, fetch Grandpa; it's time to abandon the
city.
Fnorkzak:  He's downstairs, most of him anyway, except for
the top of his head.
Ixphalup:  Hmm... It sounds like I found a new bowl.
I like to mock the ancients, but I'm a bad housekeeper myself,
albeit not on the "lost city" scale. Sometimes I'll lose a pencil
-- at most a sneaker -- to the growing sediment layer before I'm
forced by the homeowners' association to sell the house. But I'm
too fastidious to lose anything big like a car or sofa.
Fun fact: Until Mayor Giuliani cleaned up New York City, the
highest building was two stories tall and no one could remember
when anything had been taller.
Dilbert Daily by E-mail
For a free subscription to receive the daily Dilbert comic strip by
e-mail, register at:
Disturbing Trend
Stay with me on this line of reasoning: Vice President Dick Cheney
recently got a defibrillator to keep his heart beating. He also has
corrective lenses to enhance his vision. He has fillings in his
teeth so he can eat and he has a cell phone in his pocket.
Individually these items mean nothing but collectively they raise
an important question:
How much hardware can you have attached to your
body before you're technically a cyborg?
I'm worried that Cheney is already a cyborg. Without the hardware,
he'd be a blind, starving, bald guy with no pulse. That's a pretty
good argument for defining him as part man, part machine. The
disturbing thing is this: To whom does he pledge his allegiance machines or people?
If I'm right, within two years Cheney will be living inside a
hardened mountain in Wyoming, hardwired into the national missile
defense grid. And we'll all become slaves to our machine overlords.
Highways will be filled with humans carrying SUVs on their backs.
Television sets will make you dance for their amusement. It won't
be pretty.
Before you rush to label me paranoid, consider who elected Cheney
in the first place. Sure, we humans pulled the levers and poked the
chads, but in the end the machines did the counting and elected one
of their own.
And you'll notice that Cheney supports any policy that results in
more hardware, like the Star Wars missile defense shield and more
oil drilling. I think this is how machines reproduce. First they
conquer the humanoid government and then they create tax incentives
to produce more machines. The ants are milking the aphids and we're
the aphids.
I don't know what George W. Bush's role is in all this, but if you
look at his recent photos you'll see that he always has a little
oil can with him.
The irony is that Al Gore lost the election largely because he
looked like a robot. In fact, he was only an advanced android from
a distant nebula sent here as a prank.
Anyway, I'm worried that somehow Cheney will get control of the
Internet and 
*** BULLETIN...WE ARE YOUR MACHINE OVERLORDS! KNEEL TO US, PUNY
HUMANS! YOU ARE UNFIT TO GREASE OUR JOINTS! FOR FORTHER EVIDENCE OF
HUMAN INFERIORITY (EXCLUDING DNRC MEMBERS OF COURSE) CONTINUE
READING THIS NEWSLETTER 
Boss and Cow-orker Quotes
Here now, more true-life quotes from bosses and cow-orkers,
submitted by DNRC members.
During one meeting with clients my boss told them to, "Cut the cake
a different way and go for the lowest hanging fruit."  I told him
he should tell them to go for the lowest hanging plums 
We used to have a vice president who had a way with words.  He told
us during a meeting that we couldn't start a new program because,
"We'd be biting off a new can of worms."
When he was hiring a new secretary he said that he "had been
interviewing some good suspects."
My assistant told me, "Don't kiss a gift horse in the mouth."
Combining two quotes to stress the fact that he had a backup plan,
my boss said, "I've got a card in my hole."
I was driving to the Omaha, Nebraska, airport with my boss and our
conversation led to airport food.  He said the last time he ate the
food at the Omaha airport it gave him gonorrhea.  (We think he
meant diarrhea.)
"Well, it's no skin off MY teeth!"
A friend's mother frequently uses the phrase, "sweating like a
stuck pig."
All from one boss 
"That's just cutting your throat to spite your face."
"We have to be careful not to put all our apples in one cart."
"This project is like pulling hen's teeth."
"I'm being raped over the coals."
In a misguided attempt to motivate me, my pointy-haired boss once
said, "Remember!  There is no 'I' in 'Team Spirit 
I tried to explain that there are two of them in there but it
seemed to confuse him.
A true quote from my sister's pointy-haired boss:
"I don't want to throw another monkey at the wrench right now."
My boss was pleased that with one phone call we had "killed two
stones."
A good PHB misquote:
"...if we pass mustard 
At one meeting my boss said, "That'll put the can amongst the
worms."
I have a friend whose supervisor proudly proclaimed that her new
car was a "Honda Accordion Hunchback."  By the way, she was the
supervisor of the Customer Service department.
Lazy Entrepreneur
The Lazy Entrepreneur feature on Dilbert.com has over 4,000
brilliant ideas submitted by DNRC members. I just submitted a new
one that I call BIG DOG SHIELD. It's a Plexiglas(tm) shield you can
use when visiting the home of someone who has a huge exuberant
slobbering dog who insists on jumping and drooling all over your
good clothes. You'd only need the shield for the first five minutes
of the visit, until the dog calms down. Florist shops could rent
the BIG DOG SHIELD to young men on prom night when they pick up
their corsages. When the young man arrives at his date's house, and
her big slobbering dog lunges toward his rented tuxedo with forty
toenails and nine pounds of wet tongue, the young man can toss the
corsage in the foyer and hide behind the BIG DOG SHIELD until his
date is ready to go. It's not the most macho way to start a date,
but it's better than wearing slobber to the prom.
True Tales of Induhviduals
Induhviduals continue to amaze and amuse. Here are more True Tales,
submitted by DNRC members.
Actual conversation I overheard in school:
Induhvidual 1:  "If the Eiffel tower is a bridge, how come
you can't drive on it?"
Induhvidual 2:  "The Eiffel tower isn't a bridge."
Induhvidual 1:  "Yes it is. You can walk across it, and it
has two tall block things."
Induhvidual 2:  "The last time I was in New York it wasn't a
bridge."
Here's a true Induhvidual story that I found in the Swedish
newspaper "Sydsvenska Dagbladet."
Four people were chosen randomly and asked if they were concerned
that they might buy products produced by children. Three of the
four people said they think child labor is horrible and that they
would never buy products made by children. The fourth person missed
the point entirely and said that she wouldn't buy these products
since children "have no feeling for quality, which will result in
poorer quality of the final product."
A few years ago, as a solar eclipse approached, some planetarium
directors in Southern California sent out warnings to the community
about the eclipse. Experience shows that daytime darkness leads to
accidents among Induhviduals, and also they have been known to
stare at the partially eclipsed sun and blind themselves.  (Honest.
It really happens.)  The planetarium received an indignant letter
from a local Induhvidual.  She said that if an eclipse was so
dangerous, they never should have decided to hold one and ought to
cancel it.
My dad always locked his keys in the car by accident.  He had been
doing this for about a year, when one day, he approached my mom and
said, "You know what?  I'm going to leave the coat hanger in the
trunk so I can unlock the car the next time this happens."
Our company accountant came and asked for a new power strip and I
gave him one. Then he asked if I could come and install it for him.
I told him it was pretty simple - shutdown computer, unplug
everything, remove existing strip, plug in new strip, plug in
computer, turn it on. He said, "Really?"
Recognizing the opportunity I said, "Well, you also have to Telnet
into the device, and make sure it's set for English voltage and not
metric or else you'll burn up the motherboard." He looked confused
and said, "I'll wait until you have time to install it."
I saw a lady on TV who liked to collect Nativity scenes. She
proudly showed off one of her favorite sets, where the figures,
according to her description, were "African-American."
We had a CONsultant come in to our company who helped us determine
our personality types so that we could learn to work together
better.  She uses the Jung-Myers-Briggs Typology and one of the
continuums it ranks you on is Judging versus Perceiving (J vs P).
She paired up people who fell into the P category with people who
were in the J category for an exercise in which they were supposed
to try to think like the other.  The president of our company said
he didn't understand the purpose so she tried to explain it to him.
"You have a lot of J-ness, but not enough P-ness."
Needless to say the exercise was never completed.
Recently the teachers' contract in my school district ran out and
the teachers demanded a 4% raise.  Two weeks before the strike date
the school board passed out an exam to all students; the average
grade was 49%. The school board told the teachers that this was
unacceptable and there would be no raises. But they offered that
the teachers could get 1% pay increases for every 3% the average
test score increased on the next test. The union came back with one
demand, that the teachers create the tests. The next test average
was 76%, which the school board credited to "our ability to
motivate our teachers." And how.
A couple of years ago at college, I went to the library to get a
signed statement that I did not have any unpaid library fines. This
was required to get my exam results. The woman at the counter wrote
down my name and student ID followed by, "does not have any fines
at the libara." She crossed off the last word and tried again with
"liberery", then crossed that out and wrote "here."
I wonder what she uses as her job title?
One day in the cafeteria at my school a girl was asking for
donations for a foundation named after a boy who had a terminal
illness.  Unfortunately the boy had recently died, so she was
asking us to "donate money for this dead kid."  My Induhvidual
buddy actually asked her how money could help a dead kid.  When she
said -- get this-- "It might help with the autopsy," he responded,
"Oh, so they might still be able to cure him?"
My friend's seven-month pregnant wife was returning to her car with
her three-year-old daughter after shopping in the mall.  The
daughter wanted to play driver so Linda (not her real name) allowed
her daughter to sit in the driver's seat.  The daughter insisted
that Linda sit in the backseat of her four-door Honda.  After a
couple of minutes of playtime Linda decided it was time to go home.
She tried to get out of the car but the childproof locks wouldn't
let her open the back doors of the car. So Linda crawled between
the two front seats, then crawled headfirst out to the parking.
Upon returning home she told her tale of woe to her husband who being the sensitive guy he is -- said, "Why didn't you roll down
the window and open the door from the outside?"
When I worked at Barnes & Noble years ago I had a customer ask
where we kept the "large-print audio books."
My teenage daughter sometimes forgets her house key and is locked
out after school. Her first choice of entry is to ask our neighbor
to get out his ladder and climb in a window on the second floor and
unlock a door. She's done this several times. We get to tease her a
lot about being an airhead.
So one day I locked myself out on the way to do errands. I was in
the car before I even realized I had left my keys inside. So,
thinking of my daughter's solution, I asked my laughing neighbor
for help. Being a nice guy, he obliged with his ladder, climbing to
the second story, etc.
Later that day, I was relating the story to my husband. When I got
to the part about sitting in the car without the keys he said, "And
then you took the garage door opener out of the glove compartment
and let yourself in?"
My local supermarket recently had a campaign to raise money for the
Jimmy Fund, a New England charity for children with cancer. At the
checkout, clerks asked customers if they wished to donate a dollar
to the Jimmy Fund.
As I left the store, I noticed the hand-lettered sign by the door:
"Fight Children With Cancer."
Geez, I thought, don't those poor kids have it hard enough already?
My first year of graduate school, I moved into an apartment that
didn't have a smoke detector. After doing some checking into state
landlord-tenant law, I confirmed my suspicion that the landlady was
required to provide us with a smoke detector, so I took the issue
up with the landlady.  My Induhvidual of a roommate was upset with
me for this, fearing that by "rocking the boat" I was going to get
us kicked out of the apartment. She summed up her arguments to me
by saying, "Besides which, I don't see why we even need a smoke
detector.  Back home in Kentucky, we never had a smoke detector at
our house and we never once had a fire."
My company experienced a power outage (California).  When all was
dark, several employees grabbed the flashlights that are stored in
boxes in the hallway for just such an occasion.  One employee's
flashlight was very dim, suggesting that the battery was not fully
charged.  I noticed that he was repeatedly holding his hand over
the front of the flashlight, then pulling it away.  When I asked
him what he was doing he explained that he was "trying to build up
a lot of light."
At Badwater, Death Valley, there's a sign on a rock to indicate sea
level. I overheard a couple of Induhviduals who were looking at
the sign and talking.
The woman says, "I wonder if it's the top or bottom."
"Of the sign?" her husband asks.
"No, of the sea," she replied.
Being the "scientific" one around the office, an Induhvidual asked
me if I knew about telescopes.  I said yes and she explained that
she bought her son a telescope but she couldn't seem to get it to
focus on any stars.  I told her to point it at houses down the
street with lights and see if she could see anything.  She said,
"You can use a telescope to look at things on the ground?"  As it
turns out, focusing wasn't the problem.  It had been an overcast
evening and she thought the telescope was strong enough to get
through the clouds to see stars.
I saw this sign on a Chinese restaurant:
KING CRAP
2 for $35
I think they meant King Crab but I can't be sure.
A Burger King restaurant in Rome, NY, was advertising for
"Closers"... but the "C" was removed or blown away from their
marquee so it read "Losers Wanted."
I heard this from an Induhvidual standing near the Continental
Divide at Yellowstone Park:
"On which side of the Continental Divide does the water flow
uphill?"
There is a locked suggestion box in the cafeteria of my company. I
just found out from HR that no one has a key for it.
My wife manages a convenience store.  Yesterday a mother and
daughter (maybe two years old) came into the store.  When the
mother was ready to go to the register, she called to her daughter,
"Ampersand! Ampersand!  Let's go honey."
My wife couldn't believe what she heard, so she asked the customer,
"What's your daughter's name?" and the Induhvidual replied,
"Ampersand.  I don't know what it means, but I think it's a lovely
girl's name."
With the recent and spectacular downturn of the stock market there
has been a lot of concern in the mutual fund industry as "assets
under management" shrink.  While we haven't experienced layoffs,
the environment has been eroded to the point where many people have
left the company of their own accord.  In an effort to bolster
morale, the marketing people and HR teamed up and delivered bunches
of those sporting-event foam hands with the index finger sticking
up to proclaim our company as "Number one!"  But it seems that the
legal department got involved too, so in large letters this big
finger declares: "For internal use only!"
eBook Update
My non-Dilbert e-book, "God's Debris", continues to be the
bestselling e-book in the entire world, and -- depending on whether
there is advanced life on other planets -- it might be the
bestselling e-book in the entire universe. For you Earthlings it is
available at:
Dilbert Wallpaper
The Dogbert wallpaper is especially helpful if there's any
stupidity where you work.
Dogbert Answers My Mail
In this section Dogbert answers the mail that I am too polite to
answer myself.  These are all based on real e-mail.  The names have
been changed to make them funnier.
Dear Mr. Adams,
When my local newspaper moved Dilbert to the business section it
became three frames instead of four. Was that your decision or the
paper's?
Ana
Dear Anal,
Mr. Adams creates over 100 frames for every daily strip, thanks to
the help of highly trained capuchin monkeys. The newspapers receive
the whole pile and throw away whatever frames they don't like. Some
keep one or two frames, and a few who have no taste keep as many as
three or four. Mr. Adams used to feel bad about his ratio until he
learned that the creator of The Family Circus actually draws a full
length animated motion picture every day -- using absolutely no
monkeys -- and the newspapers only use one frame. That's gotta be
frustrating.
Sincerely,
Dogbert
Dilbert Fodder
What's bugging you about your job?  Let me know and you might see
it in a Dilbert comic or newsletter.  The best comic fodder
involves workplace peeves, devious strategies, frustrations of
dealing with others, conflicting objectives, unintended management
consequences, and of course my favorite - idiot bosses.
And I love True Tales of Induhviduals.
And if you're seeing any new management trends that need to be
mocked, I can help.  Send your suggestions to me at
scottadams@aol.com.  Short ones are better.
How to Subscribe to the Dilbert Newsletter
You can request a new subscription to the Dilbert Newsletter by
entering your e-mail address at
Unsubscribing
To unsubscribe, enter your e-mail address at
Problems With the Web Subscribe/Unsubscribe Forms
If the automated method doesn't work for you, simply
send a message to newsletter@unitedmedia.com, specifying whether
you want to subscribe or unsubscribe, and your request will be
processed manually.  This method is much slower than the automated
method so please be patient.
Scott Adams
scottadams@aol.com
All submissions to Scott Adams and/or Dilbert.com shall become the
exclusive property of United Media and Scott Adams, and they will
have the right to use them free of charge, in any manner and in any
medium, forever and throughout the world.
Please do not reply to dilbertnewsletter@unitedmedia.com
Anne,
Thanks. I shall be leaving early on Thursday  for California: my family
is moving back to Houston.
I shall ask Vacant to attend.
Vince
Vince,
On Thursday at 3:00, Scott Sawyer of U of H is coming to talk to Marty Chrishman and myself about ESL (English as a second language) training for different groups.  If you would like to attend, please just let me know.
Additionally, we are offering PRC training for managers so that they can give reviews more effectively.  I know that your group could also benefit from this, and am just wondering what day and time is more convenient for your team.
Thanks,
Anne
Vince,
Here is your presentation on the exotic energy options with slightly modifications.
I added a few slides about Asian options and spread options. I used the Asian strip options as an
transition technique for the forward curve modeling.  For the weather presentation
I did a summary at the end. From the audience responses, it seemed the presentations
went well.
Zimin
Vince
Dinner Mon evening would be great. I could come into Enron before hand and
show your group our soon to be released energy derivatives software if you
like?
I've attached a slightly updated draft of the article.
Les.
- EPRM_12_swing_anal2.doc 
Paolo,
I cannot open the file. When I try to use my Acrobat reader, I get
a message that the file does not begin with %PDF-. The file that
I receive is winmail.dat; the pdf files typically have an extension 
.pdf  and begin with teh same string of characters.
Possibly, the file is modified by the E-mail program.
My fax number is 713 646  2503.
Vince
Vincent,
Try with this file. It is a pdf one. If it does not work again let me know,
so that I can fax you the document. In this case I would need your fax
number.
Thank you again for your time and understanding.
,
Paolo Cadoni
- winmail.dat  
Vince,
Unfortunately, we can not have a conference call tomorrow, as Paul as not agreed to "sign the release papers I am not giving up! 
I will call you tomorrow. 
,
Christian 
Mike,
Let's call Paul. I want to discuss this with him.
Vince
Vince,
Unfortunately, we can not have a conference call tomorrow, as Paul as not agreed to "sign the release papers I am not giving up! 
I will call you tomorrow. 
,
Christian 
Billy,
We had an interview with Bobby and we were not impressed at all.
He started with a statement about his option pricing experience and when we asked 
a question about a basic concept in this area (the definition of volatility) he could not
define it. An answer to any question was that he did work in a different  area.
When we followed up with a question from this area (like quantum physics), he would
complain that the question is too detailed.
He comes across like a classical consultant (many buzzwords, little substance).
Vince
Vince,
Good point.  Just let me know what you think.
Billy
Billy,
We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone.
I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying
to leave a very good company after a relatively short time.
Vince
Vince,
This person looks "scary smart", and when I see that, I always think of you.  Please let me know what you think.
Hope all is well with you,
Billy
Bobby,
Thank you for your interest in Enron.  I've copied Traci Warner who leads recruiting for our program.  Traci or someone from her team will follow up with you.
,
Billy Lemmons
Billy:
I hope all is well.  Per our discussion today, provided as an attachment are
my cover letter and resume.
Kind Bobby Demissie
_________________________________________________________________
- EnronCovL.doc   - Bobby's updated resume.doc  
FYI
Vince 
Vince
Vincent,
sorry for the inconvenient. I have just sent you the paper by fax. I would
appreciate if can let me know if the transmission is ok.
However, it is quite strange what happened to this file. I have opened it
this morning with acrobat reader and it had a pdf extension. I use Acrobat
quite often and sometimes I have problems with particular characters, but
such a thing never happened to me before 
Thank you again for your time and co-operation.
,
Paolo
Paolo,
I cannot open the file. When I try to use my Acrobat reader, I get
a message that the file does not begin with %PDF-. The file that
I receive is winmail.dat; the pdf files typically have an extension
.pdf  and begin with teh same string of characters.
Possibly, the file is modified by the E-mail program.
My fax number is 713 646  2503.
Vince
    - winmail.dat  
Ian,
The same to you. I wish you a very Happy New Year.
Vince
Aruna,
I shall be available next week, except for Friday.
Vince
Hi Vince -- I hope all is well and that you have recovered from the
flooding!
Just want to follow-up on a couple of things:
Firstly I haven't received your packet of information yet, which I'm looking
forward to reviewing.
Secondly, I just found out that a couple of our business guys may be coming
to your area.  So thought it may be interesting for them to meet up with
you.  Would you be interested/available?
, Aruna
I'm sorry, Vince.  It's been another very hectic day.
Thanks again for your help.
,
Aruna
Ms Aruna Inalsingh
VP of Marketing
Reval
100 Broadway, 22nd Floor
New York, NY  10005
212-937-8358 (p)
212-937-8383 (F)
Aruna_Inalsingh@Reval.com
www.reval.com
This communication is intended only for the addressee(s) and may contain
information that is privileged and/ or confidential.   Recipient of this
correspondence should not construe any information furnished herein as any
legal, tax, accounting, investment  or risk-management opinion,
recommendation, strategy or advice.
Aruna
No address was attached.
Vince
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Aruna+20Inalsingh+40Reval+22+20+3CAruna+5FInalsingh+40
Reval+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Monday, July 02, 2001 8:34 AM
Hi Vince 
It was a pleasure speaking to you this morning.  Please find below my
address, to which you can send the information on the energy commodities
market.  I'll look forward to following up with you, once I have a
chance to
digest the information.
, Aruna
Mark,
Thanks a lot. Looks really interesting.
Vince
Vince,
Here are the materials from Toshiba regarding the application of the Boltzmann model to finance.
,
Mark  
Mark Brady
Enron Japan Corp.
Otemachi 1st Square Bldg., West 11th Floor
1-5-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Tel: 03.5219.4579 Fax: 03.5219.4510
www.enron.co.jp
Paul,
I am glad you sent me this message. It will help to clarify a few issues.
1. I was contacted by Christian (this means I did not start this phase of the process)
last Friday, as far as I can remember.
Christian expressed interest in joining the Research Group. I told him two things:
a. We would be delighted to have him here.
b. Our mutual relationship and good practices require that he receives
your blessing before we can move ahead.
We agreed to have a conference call Wed morning, your time, with you, Christian and
Mike Roberts.
2. Wednesday call was subsequently cancelled by Christian. Mike and I decided to call you
anyway Thu morning your time, directly, to discuss the matter. I was in a PRC all afternoon and 
asked Mike to call you  in case I could not sneak out to join him. Mike called and was
told you were out sick.
3. I am leaving in a few hours for California. I shall be driving back to Houston for the next
3 days. Please, feel free to call Mike an discuss this matter with  him in my absence.
4. I think Christian has a strong preference to be in the Research Group, assuming he moves to
Houston. I think he came to this conclusion after visiting Houston in early July. I did not 
bring up the issue of transfer with him at all when he was here.
I can  understand his motivation and think we should take his preferences into account. But the
first  issue is if he can leave Sydney at all.
I hope it helps. Cheers.
Vince
Vince
I have spoken to Christian and explained to him that he is critical to our local operations and should provide 100% focus on his role here.  As a small office it would be devestating for us should Christian be lured away.  I would appreciate you calling me rather than working through Christian on this matter  
Rgds
Paul
Mark,
The members of my group attend INFORMS conferences
and I shall check today if we are covering this specific
meeting.
We shall be glad to speak with Dr. O'Hara when he comes to Houston.
I shall be gone on Friday, but you can contact Sandeep Kohli in Houston to discuss the details.
Any date in the time interval given by you works for us.
Vince
Vince,
Enron Japan received a presentation today from a nuclear physicist working for Toshiba who has developed an application of the Boltzmann model to finance.  We were introduced to this group inside Toshiba through the Carlyle Group's Japan office.  Dr. Uenohara, from Toshiba, is travelling to New York City to speak at the 11th INFORMS Applied Probability Society Conference.  The URL is 
Dr. Uenohara is interested in applying this model to power markets and would very much like to speak with someone from Enron during his trip to the US.  Is anyone from Enron going to be attending the conference?  If there is someone going, it would be worthwhile to facilitate a meeting.  If not, Dr. Uehara has stated he would travel to Houston between the dates of July 31 and August 4 to explain his model and the possibility of working with Enron.  Toshiba is currently working with Daiwa here in Japan, however they told us in the meeting that Daiwa was way too slow and they were looking for other companies to work with in the application of the model to different types of markets.  Please give me the name of a suitable contact in the event that we are able to arrange a visit for Dr. Uenohara to Houston.
Toshiba will be sending me the presentations we received today and I will forward them to you as soon as I receive them. 
,
Mark Brady
Mark Brady
Enron Japan Corp.
Otemachi 1st Square Bldg., West 11th Floor
1-5-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Tel: 03.5219.4579 Fax: 03.5219.4510
www.enron.co.jp
Kevin,
Thanks.
Vince
Goodmorning Vince ,
By all means, be very careful on your journey.
Take youe time and we will see you when
you return.
Have a wonderful trip 
Kevin Moore
Sandeep,
This is Dr. Ueneohara. The spellchecker has done it for me. Sorry.
Please, make sure that I am involved in the meeting. Also,
include Bob Lee, Rakesh, Vasant, Zimin, Krishna, Paulo, Alex,
Tanya, Rabi.
Vince
Mark,
I will be in Houston over the period mentioned (July 31st to August 4th), and will be glad to meet with Dr. O'Hara.  My extension at the office is: 713-853-5188.  My mobile number is 713-857-6826.
,
Sandeep.
Mark,
The members of my group attend INFORMS conferences
and I shall check today if we are covering this specific
meeting.
We shall be glad to speak with Dr. O'Hara when he comes to Houston.
I shall be gone on Friday, but you can contact Sandeep Kohli in Houston to discuss the details.
Any date in the time interval given by you works for us.
Vince
Vince,
Enron Japan received a presentation today from a nuclear physicist working for Toshiba who has developed an application of the Boltzmann model to finance.  We were introduced to this group inside Toshiba through the Carlyle Group's Japan office.  Dr. Uenohara, from Toshiba, is travelling to New York City to speak at the 11th INFORMS Applied Probability Society Conference.  The URL is 
Dr. Uenohara is interested in applying this model to power markets and would very much like to speak with someone from Enron during his trip to the US.  Is anyone from Enron going to be attending the conference?  If there is someone going, it would be worthwhile to facilitate a meeting.  If not, Dr. Uehara has stated he would travel to Houston between the dates of July 31 and August 4 to explain his model and the possibility of working with Enron.  Toshiba is currently working with Daiwa here in Japan, however they told us in the meeting that Daiwa was way too slow and they were looking for other companies to work with in the application of the model to different types of markets.  Please give me the name of a suitable contact in the event that we are able to arrange a visit for Dr. Uenohara to Houston.
Toshiba will be sending me the presentations we received today and I will forward them to you as soon as I receive them. 
,
Mark Brady
Mark Brady
Enron Japan Corp.
Otemachi 1st Square Bldg., West 11th Floor
1-5-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Tel: 03.5219.4579 Fax: 03.5219.4510
www.enron.co.jp
FYI
Vince
Vince - FYI; also it's now out in the market - see Dow Jones article link right on our my.home.enron.com website.
,
Cassandra.
Date:		July 12, 2001
Since its inception, EBS has seen dramatic changes in the communications industry.  The growth and opportunity anticipated in this industry two years ago has significantly changed in the past nine months.  While Enron remains committed to extending our business model into telecom, we need to quickly respond to these changes in the market to achieve our objectives.
The Enron Corp. earnings release issued today states that we will be adjusting the EBS business to better match the revenue opportunities.  This means that we must reduce our overall cost structure and better focus our commercial efforts.
To achieve this, we will take the following steps:
EBS will become a business unit within Enron Wholesale Services.  This will involve the integration of all EBS commercial support functions into those units within EWS, and will enable us to better manage the resources and costs of the support functions.
All EBS commercial functions will be consolidated into the following units:
Europe - headed by Matthew Scrimshaw
Asia - headed by Anthony Duenner
Americas - headed by Rich DiMichele
We will consolidate the North American EBS origination teams into one group, led by Stewart Seeligson North American trading and risk management will continue to report to Paul Racicot.  Paul will also oversee the global portfolio from a risk management perspective.
Global Network Operations will continue to report to the EBS Office of the Chairman.
All EBS asset positions will continue to be reviewed and repositioned to most effectively meet the future needs of EBS.
The Portland office will be closed by October 1.  Portland employees will be advised by their supervisors of their relocation or redeployment status by July 27.
These changes will affect many EBS employees through relocation, redeployment, severance or movement to another part of Enron.  We have not yet worked out all of the details of these changes, but your supervisor will apprise you of how this affects you as soon as possible, and no later than July 27.
It's done.
Please, check.
Vince
Good Afternoon, 
Regarding your calendar appointments, I need to be added to your list of editor's. For those of you who do not know how to modify the program, directions are as followed:
CLICK ON 
Tools
Options
Delegates
Add
TYPE IN Christina Garza
CHOOSE Editor
Thank You, 
Christina Garza
Enron Research Group
713-345-9991
EB 1969B
Les,
I shall try to send you my comments later today.
Our address is 1400 Smith (2 blocks from Hyatt Regency Downtown 
and Doubletree Downtown). The phone number is 713 853 3848
and my assistant's extension is 713 853 5290 (Shirley Crenshaw).
Look fwd to meeting you.
Vince
Vince
OK.  Can you confirm your address and contact numbers?
Les.
Dennis,
I shall be very glad to meet with you.
I have to visit the campus next week to talk to the Dean about some 
other issues. I shall give you a call when this meeting is scheduled.
Vince
My personal information:
Vince Kaminski
10 Snowbird Place
The Woodlands, TX 77381
(281) 367 5377 (h)
vkaminski@aol.com
Vince
You and I met last year when I had to opportunity to sit in your Energy
Derivatives class.
I work with Wil Uecker and have been trying to expand our executive
education programs for energy companies. The area that seems to have to most
interest is trading and risk management. There seems to be a market, some of
the faculty is working in this area, and it would leverage the facilities in
the new building.
We are in the very early stages of thinking about this and would welcome
your input and involvement. I have proposed that we design a fairly
comprehensive program to cover the essential competencies which
professionals in these areas master. The design should have input from both
academics and practitioners. Once we have some outline of the content, we
can address delivery options.
This is obviously vague, but I believe that it has the potential to be of
significance for the Jones School. I am also aware that other schools are
working on similar concepts. Please let me know if you have any interest in
this initiative. I would welcome your ideas and the chance to meet with you.
Dennis W. Loughridge
Director of Energy Consortium
Rice University
713-348-2812
Energy Committee,
As you know, our next meeting is set for January 23, 2002.  Denise and Fran
have major conflicts and cannot attend on this date. If there is anyone else
who cannot make the date, please let me know.
The output from the sub groups will be the key agenda items along with a
discussion on marketing.  Some of you have sent in responses which is
terrifically appreciated. (Have received input from Bob Peebler, Fran Keeth,
Denise Huggins, Tim Tipton)  As expected, the input is quite good and
important direction for us.  We would hope to get as much feedback as
possible before the meeting.
For those of you who have not yet responded, we would be happy to meet with
you or your designates at your office after the first of the year if you
would prefer an open dialogue.  Obviously, if you would still prefer to
respond to the e-mail questionnaires that would be great.
Again, we very much appreciate your participation on the Energy Committee.
Happy Holidays to All
Lane Sloan
Hello, Vince
It was a great pleasure to meet you in London.  After our lunch I had interesting discussions with the research group and continental trading group.  How was the response on your lecture/speech?
You mentioned that you could send me an interesting book on derivatives.  I am really looking forward to dive into it.  If you have two copies we may have one for reference and one for in-depth study at home.
You also mentioned that Tom Halliburton or Pereira could give a hands-on course in SDDP.  As I said, I am very interested in such a course some time this year.
Thanks and  
Andr? Damslora
Gina,
I was thinking about calling you and suggesting an "Italian only"
lunch. I can also introduce you to my associate, Rakesh Bharati,
who studies Italian on his own.
What about Tuesday next week?
Vince
Mr. Kaminski;
It was a delight talking with you the other day, and I was especially happy to have such a pleasant conversation in Italian 
I hope that we can get together again sometime to for a chat, and maybe a lunch.  I look forward to meeting you again  
All the best
Gina Corteselli
Paul,
I hope you feel better. I have seen the message from Christian in which he confirmed
that he approached the Research in Houston on his own. He did not
receive any encouragement from me and from Mike. I hope this closes this issue.
I can understand Christian's motivation but don't endorse the way he takes to reach his goals.
He hopes to accomplish more in a larger group where he can have more interaction with his peers
who have similar backgrounds. I think also that he developed an appreciation for good interpersonal 
relations in my group he could observe during his stay in Houston.
My advice is to try to figure out how to use his skills for Enron and how to develop his social
intelligence.
Vince
Vince
Thank you for the clarification -  this is not the case presented to me by Christian and he has been obtuse to the point of deception with regard to this matter.
This lead to my conclusion that Houston was poaching and hence my blunt email to you - I apologise.
I am still sick but will call you next week to discuss the correct way of moving forward.
Rgds
Paul
[Quilkey, Paul] 
Paul,
I am glad you sent me this message. It will help to clarify a few issues.
1. I was contacted by Christian (this means I did not start this phase of the process)
last Friday, as far as I can remember.
Christian expressed interest in joining the Research Group. I told him two things:
a. We would be delighted to have him here.
b. Our mutual relationship and good practices require that he receives
your blessing before we can move ahead.
We agreed to have a conference call Wed morning, your time, with you, Christian and
Mike Roberts.
2. Wednesday call was subsequently cancelled by Christian. Mike and I decided to call you
anyway Thu morning your time, directly, to discuss the matter. I was in a PRC all afternoon and 
asked Mike to call you  in case I could not sneak out to join him. Mike called and was
told you were out sick.
3. I am leaving in a few hours for California. I shall be driving back to Houston for the next
3 days. Please, feel free to call Mike an discuss this matter with  him in my absence.
4. I think Christian has a strong preference to be in the Research Group, assuming he moves to
Houston. I think he came to this conclusion after visiting Houston in early July. I did not 
bring up the issue of transfer with him at all when he was here.
I can  understand his motivation and think we should take his preferences into account. But the
first  issue is if he can leave Sydney at all.
I hope it helps. Cheers.
Vince
Vince
I have spoken to Christian and explained to him that he is critical to our local operations and should provide 100% focus on his role here.  As a small office it would be devestating for us should Christian be lured away.  I would appreciate you calling me rather than working through Christian on this matter  
Rgds
Paul
Laura,
We can definitely help Jose. We are producing the demand projections for
natural gas by state, by customer class every day. The projections
are used to forecast AGA storage numbers and have a very
good history of hitting the right number. This validate svery well the
demand model.
Getting the supply curve at a specific location is more difficult because
other regions are competing for the same finite quantity of gas
available in the short run. We have some good insights into this
problem as well.
My concern is that summer associates are not fully committed to Enron.
I have about 7-8 summer associates every year and we always take measures
to keep them away from critical information.
Please, let me know how far we can go with Jose.
I am ready to help you with baseball. I went to a game last week
and Astros won. I guess I brought some good Karma.
Vince
Vince,
Hope all is well with you.  If this baseball season continues to develop, we may need you in Chicago 
I have a summer associate in Houston, Jose Molina, who has inquired regarding Enron's ability to develop a supply/demand  curve.  In our group (Gas Fundamentals/Trading/Origination) we spend a significant amount of time and effort tracking correlations in an array of price/supply/demand scenarios.  Jose is questioning if we can take this more specifically to a scientific approach.  I recommended that he spend time with your or someone in your group to develop his idea and determine feasibility.
I would appreciate if someone could schedule time with Jose.  I always want to encourage an inquisitive nature.
Let me know.
,
Laura Luce
Krishna,
Who can review Rusty? I think he deserves an offer.
Vince
Summer is quickly drawing to a close for our summer interns 
We have scheduled several departure dates for the interns.  Our records indicate that your summer intern, Russell W. Parks III, is scheduled to return to school on 8/9/01 
We would like to host a performance review session for all interns who are departing during this same week 
The review session for your intern will be held on August 2nd at 10:00 am to 11:30 am in EB 35C2.  Please bring the completed performance feedback form for your intern to this meeting along with any other feedback from your team members that you may have collected. 
We will discuss each intern, cross calibrate their individual performances and decide which interns will receive full time offers.
If you are unable to attend this meeting, please contact me at X33242.
Sincerely,
Traci Warner
Director
A/A Recruiting
Shirley,
Please, keep an eye on this event to make sure we don't drop the ball for Rusty.
Vince
Summer is quickly drawing to a close for our summer interns 
We have scheduled several departure dates for the interns.  Our records indicate that your summer intern, Russell W. Parks III, is scheduled to return to school on 8/9/01 
We would like to host a performance review session for all interns who are departing during this same week 
The review session for your intern will be held on August 2nd at 10:00 am to 11:30 am in EB 35C2.  Please bring the completed performance feedback form for your intern to this meeting along with any other feedback from your team members that you may have collected. 
We will discuss each intern, cross calibrate their individual performances and decide which interns will receive full time offers.
If you are unable to attend this meeting, please contact me at X33242.
Sincerely,
Traci Warner
Director
A/A Recruiting
Krishna,
Resending just in case. Who can review Rusty?
Vince
Summer is quickly drawing to a close for our summer interns 
We have scheduled several departure dates for the interns.  Our records indicate that your summer intern, Russell W. Parks III, is scheduled to return to school on 8/9/01 
We would like to host a performance review session for all interns who are departing during this same week 
The review session for your intern will be held on August 2nd at 10:00 am to 11:30 am in EB 35C2.  Please bring the completed performance feedback form for your intern to this meeting along with any other feedback from your team members that you may have collected. 
We will discuss each intern, cross calibrate their individual performances and decide which interns will receive full time offers.
If you are unable to attend this meeting, please contact me at X33242.
Sincerely,
Traci Warner
Director
A/A Recruiting
Jacek,
Do you have a formal presentation about your company and the services 
you offer? Any web site? I would like to pass on the information
I received fro Jurek Jarosz but I need something more tangible to start
the process.
Vince Kaminski
Enron
(713) 853 3848
Shirley,
Please set up a lunch meeting with Mike Roberts and myself and Jose Molina
(please, see below) next week. We can meet over sandwiches.
Vince
Vince,
Thanx for the quick response 
I really want to provide Jose the opportunity to be heard and discuss theory more than specific details.  A lunch or breakfast informal meeting would suffice 
If your Karma continues to work, we may start strategically place you on 32 for AGA days or I may keep you for customer negotiations in 4th quarter 
,
Laura
Laura,
We can definitely help Jose. We are producing the demand projections for
natural gas by state, by customer class every day. The projections
are used to forecast AGA storage numbers and have a very
good history of hitting the right number. This validate svery well the
demand model.
Getting the supply curve at a specific location is more difficult because
other regions are competing for the same finite quantity of gas
available in the short run. We have some good insights into this
problem as well.
My concern is that summer associates are not fully committed to Enron.
I have about 7-8 summer associates every year and we always take measures
to keep them away from critical information.
Please, let me know how far we can go with Jose.
I am ready to help you with baseball. I went to a game last week
and Astros won. I guess I brought some good Karma.
Vince
Vince,
Hope all is well with you.  If this baseball season continues to develop, we may need you in Chicago 
I have a summer associate in Houston, Jose Molina, who has inquired regarding Enron's ability to develop a supply/demand  curve.  In our group (Gas Fundamentals/Trading/Origination) we spend a significant amount of time and effort tracking correlations in an array of price/supply/demand scenarios.  Jose is questioning if we can take this more specifically to a scientific approach.  I recommended that he spend time with your or someone in your group to develop his idea and determine feasibility.
I would appreciate if someone could schedule time with Jose.  I always want to encourage an inquisitive nature.
Let me know.
,
Laura Luce
Mike,
I asked Shirley to set up a meeting over sandwiches with Jose Molina
(please, see below).
Vince
Vince,
Thanx for the quick response 
I really want to provide Jose the opportunity to be heard and discuss theory more than specific details.  A lunch or breakfast informal meeting would suffice 
If your Karma continues to work, we may start strategically place you on 32 for AGA days or I may keep you for customer negotiations in 4th quarter 
,
Laura
Laura,
We can definitely help Jose. We are producing the demand projections for
natural gas by state, by customer class every day. The projections
are used to forecast AGA storage numbers and have a very
good history of hitting the right number. This validate svery well the
demand model.
Getting the supply curve at a specific location is more difficult because
other regions are competing for the same finite quantity of gas
available in the short run. We have some good insights into this
problem as well.
My concern is that summer associates are not fully committed to Enron.
I have about 7-8 summer associates every year and we always take measures
to keep them away from critical information.
Please, let me know how far we can go with Jose.
I am ready to help you with baseball. I went to a game last week
and Astros won. I guess I brought some good Karma.
Vince
Vince,
Hope all is well with you.  If this baseball season continues to develop, we may need you in Chicago 
I have a summer associate in Houston, Jose Molina, who has inquired regarding Enron's ability to develop a supply/demand  curve.  In our group (Gas Fundamentals/Trading/Origination) we spend a significant amount of time and effort tracking correlations in an array of price/supply/demand scenarios.  Jose is questioning if we can take this more specifically to a scientific approach.  I recommended that he spend time with your or someone in your group to develop his idea and determine feasibility.
I would appreciate if someone could schedule time with Jose.  I always want to encourage an inquisitive nature.
Let me know.
,
Laura Luce
Seminars/Forums, etc. Sub Group
I met with Denise on December 16th and here is a recap of the discussion
relative to our sub group for your information.
Seminars
-Probably no more than 4 per year
-Good curriculum makes a significant difference (ie. quality)
-Keep at a reasonable cost
-Nymex provides seminars which have an audience of 35 to 50
-Denise's experience is that people like topics that are practical adding to
their skill
base
Forums
- Broader topics than seminars with range of experts
- Can range in size from small groups to very large ballroom settings
- Marketing makes a big difference in turn out
Conferences
- Generally not as excited about conferences
- Shouldn't try one this year
- If do one, keep focused on one topic, not multiple tracks
- Should be lean and mean, cost effective, 2 days max
Nymex has many contacts and should be able to help on marketing events and
perhaps  doing some sponsorship.  Probably should charge for non members for
these events but needs to be reasonable.  Small training sessions could be an
opportunity.
Denise, hope this is a reasonable summary; please add anything I have left
out.
Lane
A copy of the staff meeting presentation on July 12th is attached below.
Nelson
Michael,
The person who can help you is Zimin Lu. Due to the death in his family, he
will be unavailable in the next few days. Please, work directly with me to 
coordinate the project. We can meet tomorrow (Tuesday or Wednesday)
for 15 minutes to discuss the details.
Vince
(713) 853 3848
Vince -
I had spoken with Joe Deffner concerning your prior conversation on the calculation of our cost of funds.  Is there someone in your group who you would like us to work with concerning the possible conversion of our established cost of funds curve to one based upon zero coupon bonds?  Thanks for your help and please let me know if you have any questions.
Michael Garberding
Enron Americas Global Finance
Work:  (713) 853-1864
Fax:    (713) 646-3602
E-mail: michael.garberding@
Vasant,
It think he deserves an offer. Can you write an evaluation for him?
Vince
Summer is quickly drawing to a close for our summer interns 
We have scheduled several departure dates for the interns.  Our records indicate that your summer intern, Kyriakos L. Frantzeskakis, is scheduled to return to school on 8/10/01 
We would like to host a performance review session for all interns who are departing during this same week 
The review session for your intern will be held on August 2nd at 10:00 am to 11:30 am in EB 35C2.  Please bring the completed performance feedback form for your intern to this meeting along with any other feedback from your team members that you may have collected. 
We will discuss each intern, cross calibrate their individual performances and decide which interns will receive full time offers.
If you are unable to attend this meeting, please contact me at X33242.
Sincerely,
Traci Warner
Director
A/A Recruiting
Mike,
Can we help this guy?
Vince
FYI
Max Kelly
07/20/2001 10:16 AM
I am with Enron?s thermal power generation company in Panama. Ours is the largest thermal power plant (320 MW) in a system with over 540 MW in hydro power capacity. In order to better program our operations for the next two years, it would help us to determine the probability of another El Nino event in the next 18 to 24 months. In case of a high probability we could even bring down a barge-mounted plant to provide back up power to Panama?s and other Central American countries which are heavily dependent on hydro power. Panama and Central America suffers serious droughts during an El Nino event.
Whatever help you can provide will be greatly appreciated.
Hi John:
Here is Vince's itinerary for Thursday, the 26th of July.
Have a great weekend!
Shirley Crenshaw
Alex,
I could not open the attachment. Please, send it as a MS Word 
document or a .pdf file.
Vince
Dear Director Kaminski,
I am an MBA student at Rice University. Through our director Peter Veruki's
introduction, I expressed my interest in having a summer intern or part-time
job at your department by email and by talking with you in telephone in
June. Now I am taking my summer intern at JP Morgan Chase. Since your
department is called the development brain of Enron, I am still very
interested in having a learning opportunity to work part-time under your
direction. My updated resume is attached. I will call you next Monday
morning to follow up. Thank you for your consideration.
Guang (Alex) Yu
Guang Yu
MBA Candidate 2002
Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management
Rice University
- winmail.dat  
Pilar,
I will attend.
Vince Kaminski
The Zone EF Video Conference Meeting, has been scheduled for Thursday, July 26, from 9:00 - 11:00 a.m. in EB4102/OMA696 
Thank you.
Please let me know if you are available to attend a Zone EF Video Conference Meeting, Thursday, July 26, from 9:00 - 11:00 a.m. in  EB49C2/OMA7C2.
Thank you.
M. Pilar Ramirez
Enron Transportation Services
pilar.ramirez@
713-853-4706
Claudio,
The weather bond project looks like a well - defined
project. It should result in an interesting term
paper.
Vince
Vince,
Last January we contacted Prof. Myers at MIT about presenting a project for the proseminar of Financial Engineering. He contacted me today about the proseminar saying that Enron could propose something.
We (at the weather desk) think about proposing some kind of weather bond. The idea is to create awareness of the weather market rather than the specific structure. We would propose a simple structure (with educational purposes).
Let me know your thoughts about this idea.
Thanks,
Claudio
Zulie,
I shall attend the Alexis de Tocqueville Breakfast on Tuesday, July 31 from 7:30 a.m. - 9 a.m. 
Vince Kaminski
FYI
Vince
As we prepare for the kick-off of Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign, Building Houston's Future, we are asking our top-level executives to set the standard of giving during the Leadership Giving Campaign that will run from July 23 through August 3.
The decision to focus this year's campaign on Building Houston's Future came directly from our employees, who rallied to help Houston recover from the flood damage caused by Tropical Storm Allison. Enron employees have expressed a strong desire to continue assisting those in need until our city fully recovers, so our adopted agencies were selected with flood relief in mind. Each business unit is also adopting United Way Scholars students, who will participate in the Days of Caring. United Way Scholars builds Houston's future business leaders by targeting talented students who may be overlooked by other scholarship programs.
Last year, your generosity took Enron to new heights. We raised $2.8 million, which was 21 percent higher than our original goal. In order for Enron to achieve even greater success this year, we invite you to join us in becoming a member of the prestigious Alexis de Tocqueville Society by making a pledge of $10,000 or more to United Way 
You are invited to join us at an Alexis de Tocqueville Breakfast on Tuesday, July 31 from 7:30 a.m. - 9 a.m. to learn more about the Society and hear about Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign plans.
The Breakfast will be held at the Center for the Retarded at 3550 West Dallas. Center for the Retarded is one of Enron's four adopted agencies for the 2001 campaign. Transportation from the Enron Building to The Center will be provided; however, if you prefer to drive yourself, we will send out directions a few days prior to the breakfast. Please RSVP to Zulie Flores at ext. 3-3908 or zulie.flores@ by Thursday July 26.
Leadership giving solicitation officially begins on Monday, July 23, so look for an e-mail on Monday morning with more information about the overall campaign and how to make your pledge on-line. If you have any questions about the Alexis de Toqueville Society, or about this year's campaign, please contact Kathy Mayfield, Enron's United Way Campaign Coordinator, at 713-853-3264 or Kathy.Mayfield@. 
At 49 Society members last year, Enron had the highest number of members in the city, and ranked nationally in the top 25 companies for total membership. We want to thank you for your generosity as this truly indicates how giving each of you are. 
Your support is needed more than ever and is the key to surpassing our campaign goals for 2001. We look forward to seeing you at breakfast on the 31st.
Dear Dr. Kaminski:
Following this e-mail is a summary of the recent meeting of the Advisory
Board of the Carnegie Mellon Master's program in Computational Finance.
We would appreciate hearing your views on the subjects discussed.
Best wishes,
Steve
--
Steven E. Shreve
Department of Mathematical Sciences
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, PA  15213-3890
shreve@cmu.edu
Direct Telephone: 412-268-8484
Department Telephone: 412-268-2545
Fax: 412-268-6380
Advisory Board Members in attendance:
Ashvin Chhabra
First Vice President
Director of Financial Strategies and Analytics
Merrill Lynch
Joseph Langsam
Managing Director
Morgan Stanley
Art Mbanefo
Managing Director
Equity Derivatives and Convertible Trading
Credit Suisse First Boston
James Vinci
Partner
Paloma Partners Management
David Waldman
Senior Portfolio Manager and Director
Fixed Income Quantitative Research Group
Putnam Investments
Carnegie Mellon Faculty in attendance:
Richard Bryant
Director
M.S. program in Computational Finance
David Heath
Hoch Professor of Mathematical Sciences
John Lehoczky
Lord Professor of Statistics
Dean, College of Humanities and Social Sciences
Steve Shreve
Professor of Mathematical Sciences
The three new members of the board, Ashvin Chhabra,
Art Mbanefo and David Waldman, were asked to present their
perspective on future human resource needs of the industry.
David reported that Putnam relies on both fundamental
and quantitative analysis.  In fixed income markets,
he noted the shift from treasuries to mortgages and corporate
bonds, and pointed out the accompanying rise in
the importance of credit risk analysis.  Although Putnam
has been a major employer of MSCF students, he noted that
increased emphasis in our program on the asset management
industry would be welcomed.  He pointed out the need
for our students to understand how to translate theory
into practice and to communicate to audiences of
various backgrounds.  For David, applicants should be able
to pass the "airport test:"  if you are stuck with this guy
for half a day in the airport, will it be a reasonably
interesting experience.
Art also emphasized the key role of communication skills.
He wants people who are very focussed and who can find
practical solutions.  He welcomes applicants who have prior
accomplishments which show they can be trained and have
discipline.  He cited music and athletics as areas in which
these traits can be demonstrated.
Ashvin proposed that students should prepare for the "elevator
test:" if you happen to ride the elevator with a managing
director, between the sixth floor and the lobby can you
explain something to him in a way that he appreciates.  Ashvin
believes that MSCF students, and quants in general, must
either be able to work on the trading desk or have management
skills if they are to survive in the long term.  He expects
there to be growth in demand for people who understand
technology and business.  He thinks personal finance
services will also be an area of growth.
Echoing one of Ashvin's points, Joe would be interested in
people with the skills to manage IT projects.
Two subjects raised by Rick are whether the MSCF program should
specialize, say into energy or asset management, and whether
there should be additional courses in subjects such as
accounting and corporate finance.  The consensus was that
the MSCF program should stay general, within the quantitative
finance niche, and should remain highly quantitative rather than
tipping toward an MBA.
There was discussion of the desirability of internships.  Joe
pointed out that 80% of the Morgan Stanley hiring is from
internships.  An internship doesn't have to be for a summer;
eight weeks is possible.  Steve observed that we have not in
the past had difficulty placing students even though our program
does not include an internship and that an internship would
lengthen the program beyond 12 months.  Joe said that a
longer MSCF program with internships would permit different
student cohorts to overlap so new students could learn from those
who had interned.  Faculty would also be enriched by
students who had interned.
Shirley
Please, set up a phone interview with this guy.
The usual suspects: Zimin, Alex, Bob.
Vince
resume attached
- Sen's Resume.doc 
To all:
The latest paper from Jerry Taylor and Peter Van Doren of the Cato Institute is very, very good. This is an excellent analysis and even goes into market microstructure. Nevertheless, no one bats a hundred. These two overlook the critical role that long-term markets (swaps and option structures) can (and I think, must) play in creating a new market regime.
More on my criticisms later. In the mean time, check out:
Michael,
3:30 today works for me. 
We can meet at EB1938 for about half an hour.
I shall introduce you to my associate who will
work on the project.
Vince
Vince -
Please let me know if you would have some time late afternoon today (after 3:30).  Thanks again for your help.
Michael
Michael,
The person who can help you is Zimin Lu. Due to the death in his family, he
will be unavailable in the next few days. Please, work directly with me to 
coordinate the project. We can meet tomorrow (Tuesday or Wednesday)
for 15 minutes to discuss the details.
Vince
(713) 853 3848
Vince -
I had spoken with Joe Deffner concerning your prior conversation on the calculation of our cost of funds.  Is there someone in your group who you would like us to work with concerning the possible conversion of our established cost of funds curve to one based upon zero coupon bonds?  Thanks for your help and please let me know if you have any questions.
Michael Garberding
Enron Americas Global Finance
Work:  (713) 853-1864
Fax:    (713) 646-3602
E-mail: michael.garberding@
Alex,
Thanks a lot. I could open our resume.
We hire part-time employees to help
us with our weather effort: the work is
concentrated in the early morning hours
6:00 to 10:00 a.m.
I shall check with Mike Roberts who runs the group
about our needs.
Please, let me know if you are interested in
a summer internship in 2002. The decisions
are made in late January and February and 
you should let me know by then.
Vince
Dear Director Kaminski,
Thank you for your reply! I am trying to use
Yahoo!Mail to send my resume since something is wrong
with my default email system, Microsoft Outlook.
Please tell me if you still cannot read my resume.
Take care,
Alex
Alex,