The attached can act as a starting point for discussions around Enron's purchase of Pioneer's Powder River Basin Methane supplies.
Once you have reviewed it please give me a call at 303-575-6473 and we can discuss it.
To My Dear Wife: 
During the past year I have tried to make love to you 365 times. I have succeeded 36 times, which is an average of once every ten days. The following is a list of why I did not succeed more often: 
54 times the sheets were clean 
17 times it was too late 
49 times you were too tired 
20 times it was too hot 
15 times you pretended to be asleep 
22 times you had a headache 
17 times you were afraid of waking the baby 
16 times you said you were too sore 
12 times it was the wrong time of the month 
19 times you had to get up early 
9 times you said weren't in the mood 
7 times you were sunburned 
6 times you were watching the late show 
5 times you didn't want to mess up your new hairdo 
3 times you said the neighbors would hear us 
9 times you said your mother would hear us 
Of the 36 times I did succeed, the activity was not satisfactory because: 
6 times you just laid there 
8 times you reminded me there's a crack in the ceiling 
4 times you told me to hurry up and get it over with 
7 times I had to wake you and tell you I finished 
1 time I was afraid I had hurt you because I felt you move 
To My Dear Husband: 
I think you have things a little confused. Here are the reasons you didn't get more than you did: 
5 times you came home drunk and tried to screw the cat 
36 times you did not come home at all 
21 times you didn't cum 
33 times you came too soon 
19 times you went soft before you got in 
38 times you worked too late 
10 times you got cramps in your toes 
29 times you had to get up early to play golf 
2 times you were in a fight and someone kicked you 
in the balls 
4 times you got it stuck in your zipper 
3 times you had a cold and your nose was running 
2 times you had ! ! a splinter in your finger 
20 times you lost the notion after thinking about it all day 
6 times you came in your pajamas while reading a dirty book 
98 times you were too busy watching football, baseball, etc. on TV 
Of the times we did get together: 
The reason I laid still was because you missed and were screwing the sheets. 
I wasn't talking about the crack in the ceiling, what I said was, "Would you prefer me on my back or kneeling The time you felt me move was because you farted and I was trying to breathe. 
Once you read this letter you have to keep it going. 
This game has been played since 1996. 
You must send this letter to 7 people. 
On the 5th day someone will ask you out or say "I love you This is not a joke.  It has worked for many years. 
If you break the chain, you will have bad luck with guys/girls 
forever. 
This is just for future readers. 
This began in 1996, not much of a past, but it works. 
So here are the rules: 
*If you read this on a Sunday, wish for a really fun week 
*If you read this on a Monday, wish for money 
*If you read this on a Tuesday, wish for love 
*If you read this on a Wednesday, wish for success 
*If you read this on a Thursday, wish for anything you want 
*If you read this on a Friday, wish for a really hot date 
*If you read this on a Saturday, wish for an important phone call 
Send this to seven people (after you make a wish Make sure it is sent as soon as you read it or your wish won't come true. 
Good morning!
A friend sent this to me and I just couldn't resist
forwarding it out.  It is a small waving flag in the
lower right corner of your screen.
"The power to unite is stronger than the power to
divide"
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
NEW from Yahoo! GeoCities - quick and easy web site hosting, just $8.95/month.
I have been sick all week so it has limited my drinking ability.  Plan on getting lit tonight.  Industry response has been great towards us personally and we have quite a few options.  It is possible that on Monday you will see an announcement on a sale of the trading company, or at least it's employment contracts.  I will let you know what happens.
Are y'all sober yet?
Let me in on what's going on with y'all.
I can see Ken and his boys going to jail. Bend over.
Murph.
Timothy E. Murphy
832.676.4900
832.676.1451 (fax)
tim.murphy@elpaso.com
That is great!
I made a few small changes
Please see the attached redlined version
I suggest that you build a boxing ring in the back yard!  Let's try to get together soon.  Sounds like we have both been too busy!
He weighed 8.8 out of the box (I will never admit to saying that).  He then lost back to 7.2 while in ICU but is back on track to 9.2 after three weeks.  He may have a chance.  Lance, the middle man, is one bad mother fro!!!  He takes Luke tot he mat daily just fro sport.  I'm going to have to let Luke defend himself soon - currently we have been telling him he can't hit Lance, but Lance pushes him on a daily basis - must have gotten that from his mother!!
How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers?
Both mom and baby (Logan) are doing much better
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
I missed being there 
I don't know why it did not go.  It was huge!  He called it within 15
yds. and took it with a bow.  We missed you in Jackson! Weather was
great, so was the fishing.
Mark - whaaaa sup.  I did not see an attachment - was it big 
That is awsome!
I like those kinds of schedules!
That is what I love about you that you will do just about anything three or four times! 
I love you so much and thanks for the nookie this morning.  You know all my health books say that it is really good to have sex/orgasms twice a week during the cold/flu season because it helps to strengthen the immune system.  This sounds dorky but maybe we should set lovemaking dates everyweek and just stick to it! 
Love and Kisses 
Heidi, Please sum up my costs and Paul's cost for this trip and forward to Barry.
Barry,  All of the Hotel costs were on my credit card, so all Paul should have is his airfare and incidentals.  But we will sum it up for you.
Mark, I have approved this expense report.. With   to the Wyoming Gas Fair.  What is the total cost of that trip for you,looks like $ 3,000 or so including airfare, hotel and ancillaries, also ( I believe Paul was there ).  What are his expenses going to be for this? 
Thanks. BT 
I would let her know that there is no definite timeline but we are closing a transaction next week.
Any suggestions before I respond to this?
Dave,
Just wanted to clarify what kind of deadline your aiming for with this
transport proposal.  The reason I am asking is I have taken this to the next
level and we will probably need several days to run through our internal
processes.  I know you are working with multiple parties so if you let me
know how you would like to proceed then we can be working on a similar
timeline. 
Thanks,  Penny
Sorry its taking me so long the guy I need to tlk to is out.  I'll get
you the particulars tomorrow.
Dave
Dave, you also mentioned space on TW - do you have any more information
on
this?
Thanks, Penny
Hey Penny,
One more thought on the EPNG capacity valuation we've been discussing physical gas in the San Juan is selling at a discount to index,
therefore we are incorporating that into our valuation.  I thought you
might want to consider that as well. 
Thanks,
Dave Fuller
This is worth considering. Let's all be careful! 
Hi All 
I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't do the 
reactionary thing and send out just anything that crosses my path.  This one, 
however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it enough credibility in my 
mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out to all of you. 
My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a month ago. 
She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up. She was understandably 
upset and went to his home to find it completely emptied. 
On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that he wished 
he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it had to be like 
that. The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her not to get on any 
commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls on Halloween. As 
soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called the FBI and has since 
turned over the letter. 
This is not an email that I've received and decided to pass on.  This came 
from a phone conversation with a long-time friend of mine last night. 
I may be wrong, and I hope I am. However, with one of his warnings being 
correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the second 
and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same information 
that I did. 
Laura Katsis 
Implementation Specialist 
714/921-5424 
lkatsis@volt.com 
OpsVolt_Track@volt.com 
Discuss with Stephanie and Barry.
Should I go?
You have been selected to attend the Transwestern customer meeting in November.  Review the attachment below for details.  Please indicate whether you will attend, specifiy date of attendance, or whether you will not attend in a email to ava.garcia@ or phone at 713-853-5842.
in November.