- jen and max.jpg 
i felt fine.  i woke up at 5am to work out.  i guess you are just a candy ass.  just kidding.  i have a dinner to go to tonight with some broker then i am heading downtown.  i will give you a call this weekend.  have fun at the wedding.
i tried to call yesterday, but you guys were not home.  i did speak with grandma and grandpa.  grandpa sounded really bad.  i am a little worried after speaking with him.  he sounded to tired to even speak.  i think i need to get out to phoenix to see them soon.
give me a call from dc when you get a chance.
love matt
i felt like a champ on sat
i didn't do all those shots with boone
Derek-
Here is the notice that was sent out by PG&E on Friday.  This notice would not allow cycle 4 gas to flow. 
Due to high inventory on the PG&E system, any new nominations placed in the
Intraday 1 cycle will be cut to zero for gas day 05/11/2001.  System
constraints will be held to Evening scheduled volumes.
If you have any questions, please call the Gas Scheduling Hotline at (415)
973-2424 or the CGT Helpline at 1 (800) 343-4743 and then press 2 for
scheduling assistance.
CGT Schedulers
PG&E - California Gas Transmission
we need to pass on penalties to counterparties who cut us on gas day of may 11.  many counterparties are swinging on eol deals, so  going foward we are going to rank those counterparties to take the cuts.  as far as this deal goes, the problems incurred were due to logistical issues.  we did rerank wild goose for cycle 4, but pg&e did not allow for renoms on this cycle. 
Matt
I am passing on these penalties for non-performance Friday for the
firm volumes that did not flow.  The firm sales amount of which you did not
perform was  5000 mmbtu at $6.90.  Gas daily reported that the weekend
traded as low as $3.70.  Therefore, we are assessing liquidated damages in
the amount of US$16,000, the amount of which Lisa Feisst will invoice.  I
would like to ensure that this problem does not happen again. Wildgoose is
not the swing market, and all transactions completed on your screen are firm
as are all transactions, unless otherwise specified, with Wildgoose and
Alberta Energy Company.  We, at Alberta Energy Company consider this a
serious matter, not the dollar figure associated but the implications in the
California market place and are treating it as such.  Our companies have had
a longstanding relationship and we would like rectify this problem so we can
regain trading together in the future.  A letter outlining the above will be
sent to yourself  and John Lavorado for your records.
Thanks
did you call for me at work today?
did you call me today at work