See Ya'll Soon!
It's about time you got your email to work!  I called several times this weekend on your cell, no reply.  I hope your hunting trip went well.  Thanks for my birthday supper and present, I had a great time. 
Talk to you soon.
Don
_____
< 
Bad-dream Shotwell,
I got your e-mail address from Andrea Korth Walters the other day.  I tried to get a hold of you earlier in the year, to no avail.  Just wanted to catch up, and go drink a beer and eat a cheeseburger 
Doing fine down here in Houston.  I bought a house in League City.  In addition, I asked Shannon to marry me but that fell through during the summer.  We are trying to see if we can salvage any of the relationship.  I am doing well at Enron, managing the real-time power trading desk and trading.  Enron, as you have seen in the paper, is experiencing some trouble.  We are reasonably sure we will merge with Dynegy in mid to late 2002.  Family is doing well; my sister is about to have her second baby.  Travis is back from his year and a half tour in Europe, and took a position with Cemex as an account manager.  Dad is about 3/4 retired and he and mom are doing a fair amount of hunting & fishing.  Travis & I are gonna spend Thanksgiving in West Texas, deer hunting 
How's life in Hooterville?  I heard that you are full on retired! FANTASTIC!  What are you doing these days to keep yourself busy?  Hopefully consuming large quantities of beer & tequila and blowing you eardrums out with Jimmy Buffett!
Tell when you are not busy and I will drive up, or have you down to the house and the bayhouse.  Hope to hear from you soon.
Drop me a line when you have a chance!
Adios,
Don C. Baughman Jr.
Commercial Manager
Enron Power Marketing, Inc.
Office: 713-853-0392
Home: 281-557-2068
Cell:    281-787-0029
TJ,
Please advise Carmen and other relevant staff of the following Real-time Traders and Schedulers working during the Thanksgiving Holiday for payroll purposes:
Thursday and Friday (2 days Holiday Pay)
Alex McElreath
Maricio Trejo
Jason Berlin
Brant Reves
Thursday or Friday (1 day Holiday Pay)
Jason Choate 
Gretchen Lotz
Larry F. Campbell
Ashish Mahajan
Andrew Greer
Jay Blaine
David Maskell
George Phillips
John Kinser
SUENG-TAEK Oh
Thank you for your help on this matter.
,
Don Baughman
713-853-0392
TJ,
Please advise Carmen and other relevant staff of the following Real-time Traders and Schedulers working during the Thanksgiving Holiday for payroll purposes:
Thursday and Friday (2 days Holiday Pay)
Alex McElreath
Maricio Trejo
Jason Berlin
Brant Reves
Joseph Stepenovitch
Brian Terp
Thursday or Friday (1 day Holiday Pay)
Jason Choate 
Gretchen Lotz
Larry F. Campbell
Ashish Mahajan
Andrew Greer
Jay Blaine
David Maskell
George Phillips
John Kinser
SUENG-TAEK Oh
Miguel Garcia
David Ingram
Brian Terp
Dean Laurent
Thank you for your help on this matter.
,
Don Baughman
713-853-0392
Kim, please disregard the fist message, I missed a couple of guys.
Thanks,
Don
TJ,
Please advise Carmen and other relevant staff of the following Real-time Traders and Schedulers working during the Thanksgiving Holiday for payroll purposes:
Thursday and Friday (2 days Holiday Pay)
Alex McElreath
Maricio Trejo
Jason Berlin
Brant Reves
Joseph Stepenovitch
Brian Terp
Thursday or Friday (1 day Holiday Pay)
Jason Choate 
Gretchen Lotz
Larry F. Campbell
Ashish Mahajan
Andrew Greer
Jay Blaine
David Maskell
George Phillips
John Kinser
SUENG-TAEK Oh
Miguel Garcia
David Ingram
Brian Terp
Dean Laurent
Thank you for your help on this matter.
,
Don Baughman
713-853-0392
Hola,
FYI, if you need to contact a scheduler regarding preschedule checkout, here's who to call.
Hope all is well.  Drop me a line or call if y'all need anything.
Thanks,
Don
Wk.: 713-853-0392
Cell: 281-787-0029
Hm: 281-557-2068
Don,
Wanted to e-mail you what schedulers are doing what regions so your hourly guys will know for scheduling problems.
Cinergy-			Pat Hanse	
TVA/SOCO/Florida/JEA-		Larry Campbell
Comed-				Ashish Mahajan
Entergy-			Gretchen Lotz
MAPP-				Matt Lorenz
PJM-				Lisa Burnett
Nepool-				Anubhav Aggarwal
I back up every region, so when in doubt, they can call me.
Thanks,
Jason
Thanks for rounding up the tickets for the Orange Bowl.  You can mail them to 
me, or just hold them until I see you after Christmas.  Mike's wife decided 
not to make the trip, so he won't be using the tickets.  Jody Crook will use 
the other two tickets 
Lunch during the week between Christmas and New Years sounds great to me.  I 
will be working that week, but would be glad to meet you guys at Champions 
for lunch if that is best.  Or if you are game for Irma's, just let me know 
when you would like to come downtown 
--Sally 
Sally/Mike,
I will be in Houston the week after Christmas (12/26-12/29) and was
wondering if the two of you were going to be in the office, and if so, would
you be available for lunch? In talking with David Beck, he was going to try
to arrange a golf game (Mike, me, Richard Kimberlin and David) one of those
afternoons at Champions. If that is possible, then maybe lunch before golf
might work. If not, then I can meet you downtown when convenient. Let me
know what your schedules are like and I will plan my schedule accordingly.
Also, I need to know if I need to mail the Orange Bowl tickets to both of
you separately or just one of you. Didn't know if you are planning on going
to Miami together? I should receive the tickets in the next day or two and
will do whatever. Ought to be a fun trip, as it has definitely been awhile
since the Sooners have been to Miami.
Anyway, let me know if you are available for lunch/gold or just lunch.
Hope you all have a wonderful holiday season and most of all get to spend
time with your families!
Ted K. Jacobs
Director Energy Management
The University of Oklahoma
307 West Brooks, Room 218
Norman, OK  73019-4007
(405) 325-0758
(405) 325-2096 fax
Email: tjacobs@ou.edu
Website: www.ou.edu/business/em
- C.DTF
Did Debbie talk with the two of you before putting together her memo?  Is she 
raising this to me because she wasn't comfortable with the outcome of her 
conversations with you two, or did she skip that step?  Just curious, before 
I send any type of response.  I would need details from you around the 
process for updates to Entelligence and Global Counterparty.  Surely one 
feeds the other?  --Sally 
Sally,
I have been made aware of a disconnect between the data held in Global 
Counterparty and in Global Companies ( Entelligence). Much effort has been 
put forth in  "cleansing" the parent/subsidiary information presented in 
Entelligence, yet the same information is not being replicated in GCP except 
for on an ad hoc, manual basis. 
What is the standard for data population in GCP vs Entelligence? Should 
changes and corrections in Entelligence not flow to GCP since our risk and 
trading systems are based on the information housed therein? What process and 
or systems enhancements are necessary to accomplish this end result?
It appears we have a major GCP cleanup in the works while much of the work 
has been already been done for Entelligence. As we struggle to report trading 
positions properly,  let's take advantage of our in house knowledge and share 
counterparty data validation results in order to minimize research and data 
population efforts.
Your comments and ideas are welcome. 
Debbie
Great - we will look forward to seeing you on the 13th and 14th.  I will work 
on an agenda this week, and will send you something later in the week --Sally 
Beth Apollo
10/30/2000 09:43 AM
Hey there -- hope the weekend was good.  I think I will still plan to come as I can handle some of my personal things re: moving home -- house etc.  on 
Thursday Friday and meet up with others on Wed.
So ---- go ahead and pencil me in for Mon and Tuesday the 13th and 14th.
I will assume that you and Patti will mostly fill my calendar on those two 
days, so will have Janine put other meetings the rest of that week.
Will check on the agenda next week, before I leave London.
Thanks
Beth
The week of November 13 is the week of the Enron Management Conference in San 
Antonio.  It begins on Wednesday evening, so most people will be travelling 
on Wednesday afternoon.  I will be in the office on Monday and Tuesday that 
week, so those days work well for me for your visit.   I just wanted you to 
know about the conference in case that has an impact on other meetings that 
you might want to have in Houston that week.  Let me know.  I will look 
forward to seeing you and introducing you to others on the team 
We are looking forward to seeing Mo next week here in Houston 
Have a great weekend.  --Sally 
Beth Apollo
10/24/2000 09:27 AM
Hi there --- Had lunch with Mo today  -- so as you can imagine she was very 
interested in my new role, working with you.  Fernley has decided that it is 
too hard to write down all of the organizational changes and how it affects 
all of the people who reported in to Phillip and I, so he has just verbally 
announced the changes.  But, at any rate, the word is getting out.
I hadn't seen Mo in months, so it was good to catch up.  I think she is 
headed to Houston this week (so is Frank) so I am sure you will be hearing 
from her.
I have tentatively blocked out the week beginning Monday, Nov. 13th to come 
over to Houston, and would like to spend some of that time with you and your 
team, meeting people, and maybe just following you around for the day, as you 
suggested.
Does that week work for you?  I think the Management conference is later in 
the month, so people will generally be around.
Please let me know, and I will make sure it happens.  I will also need to 
spend some time with Melissa Becker and her team working on Post ASE 
Reporting solutions, but will plan to spend a significant amount of time with 
the North America group.
What do you think?  I am ready to get moving on some new things 
Beth
Itinerary for Sally Beck
London
January 14-19, 2001
Tues, Jan 14  Continental Flt. CO 4 (Seat 01K     6:55 pm Depart Houston-IAH
9:55 am Arrive London-Gatwick
Hotel:   47 Park Street Hotel
47 Park Street
Mayfair, London, W1Y 4EB
United Kingdom
Phone:  011-44-207-491-7282
Fax:  011-44-207-491-7281
Contact:   Niki Scott
Enron House
40 Grosvenor Place
London SWIX 7EN
Phone:  011-44-207-783-7533
Fax:  011-44-207-783-8025
Fri, Jan 19  Continental Flt. 35 (Seat 01E)
9:40 am Depart London-Gatwick
2:10 pm Arrive Houston-IAH
Time Difference in London (+6 hours from Houston)
Your note has made my day.  Thanks for taking the time to send it.  Your 
thoughts and support mean a lot to me.  How lucky I am to have you for a 
sister and friend!  --Sally 
Sally,
Have been thinking quite a bit about the work news you told me.  We were
talking about you last night with Mom and Dad.  You really have such a great
gift--you must be able to be able to work so hard, focus so concretely, AND
come up with creative solutions AND manage people.
If I haven't said it recently, I am very proud of you!
Love,
Cindy
Yes, we will definitely host you and the students to a tour of Enron Field 
and dinner on the evening of January 31 (if that is still the best night for 
your schedule).  I talked with Lexie earlier this week and told her that I 
was going to cover this, and she thought that she could find some dollars in 
her budget so that we can perhaps split the cost. Either way, consider it 
done.  I am glad that you are including the names of the students to attend However, checking the attachment on your second e:mail message, I can not 
bring up the attachment.   Can you try that again and check with Patti to 
make sure she has it in readable form?  I will be in London all of next week, 
and I would like to send invitations to the students about the tour and 
dinner.  I will need their e:mail addresses to do so.  I don't know whether 
or not you included that on your list 
Jody said that Ruggles for game watching was really cold!!  I wonder if that 
could be a problem on the 31st?  You never know with Houston weather.  What 
do you think?  We could do the tour and then go to Irma's Southwest Grill (2 
blocks from the stadium, same great food with a more sleek atmosphere - owned 
by Irma's son, Luis 
I will be in touch with Patti while I am in London next week to make sure 
that plans are progressing on this.   We will include our recent OU grads as 
well 
I will save your championship game souvenirs and give them to you when I see 
at the end of January.  --Sally 
Thanks for the responses -- all look great.  I like coming over knowing that 
my calendar will be pretty full.  Dinner sounds great, too.  I am having 
dinner with Beth Apollo on Monday evening to talk more about her assignment I received a note from Fernley asking about dinner on Thursday evening also 
Hope that the New York trip was worthwhile and that the trip back was 
smooth.  --Sally 
Mike Jordan
01/11/2001 01:57 PM
see comments in red - rushed - so please excuse my typos
Well, I didn't get this out to you before I left the office last night.  I 
was still pouring over bonus info until 9:30, and decided to call it quits at 
that point.  Here are some of the things that I would like to do next week:
review your action plan to move the close and officialization of London 
books to same day, - certainly want to review this in detail with you - the 
issue being that we may not in the short/medium term be able to change 
systems infrastructure to run same day - but with a combination of process 
and tactical systems enhancements we may be able to deliver no action p&l, 
new activity p&l and position signoff on trade date with 'officialisation' of 
books on T+1 in time for RAC VAR explain and limit monitoring process
Also I would like to go through our credit difficulties with you and Ted at 
same time - more for information on this  - because when we 'solve' market 
risk reporting issues we will face big push to 'clean' credit exposure 
reporting process - Office of Chair is very insistent on this
to replicate, if appropriate,  an Operational Risk information session for 
London counterparts (you and I can  review early in the week what we are 
doing here in Houston today and modify the info for Europe) 
Would defintely welcome this - I can walk through the European MO issues 
trying to identify key operational risk themes - top of my list is Metals
I would like to spend some time on Metals with you - hence the lunch on 
Wednesday with Andy Cornfield and Howard Carter the two controllers for 
Metals ( Brokerage and Merchanting ) - the starting place for this will be 
the presentation I gave to Rick Causey in early December.
discuss the Doorstep process with you and, if you deem appropriate, your 
business controllers in the   London office who will participate in Doorstep 
reviews this year (clear up and questions and get your input  on how to 
continually improve the process Would like to brainstorm the linkage between control standards reporting, 
self assessment of Op risk and doorstep - this can be done initially in a 
small group but additionally I believe the business controllers would welcome 
some more background of why Rick,Rick and yourself need the process to be 
successful - I think they understand ( I have fully promoted it ) but your 
'asides' explaining the weight Jeff assigns to it are very powerful motivators
discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office 
related to speeding up   London's information for the corporate DPR
As explained above - additionally I would like to walk you through the 
implementation of our change management structure which attempts to cross 
prioritise all IT development efforts - a meeting with Steve Whitaker, Mark 
and Fernley on this would be useful
do some planning with you for the February 12 & 13 ASE - certainly in 
calendar and signed off by the executive committee of one ( my wife 
discuss the feasibility of utilizing our operational pricing model in London 
- can you let me know some more of this - I am uncertain of it
discuss your ideas and thoughts on CommodityLogic and other ideas around 
potential commercialization of  mid and back office services - The below is a 
section of an objective I am asking my settlements director to follow - I 
would like to expand on these and other thoughts - particularly the absence 
of vision/strategy documentation for CL
Lead on all CommodityLogic initiatives associated with Settlements ( note 
this is my definition of what CL should be doing ) including Changing Market practices
create cashflow messaging within each transaction
create payment advice notification for each transaction at inception and 
liquidation 
re-evaluate operational cost structure associated with any possible changes 
to terms of trade
Module/Application developments
Synergy from internal process changes ( pulling Settlements and Documentation 
together )
elimination of paper/fax confirmation processes if we can utilise electronic 
messaging of cashflow details within transactions and electronic messaging of 
payment advices at inception ( based upon planned trade settlement  ) and at 
liquidation ( based upon actual trade settlement )
In addition, I would like to meet with anyone in the London office that you 
think would be beneficial.  Through Nicki Scott, I understand that Michael 
Brown would like to meet with me so we are setting that up.  I will also 
spend some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy while I am there.  And I plan 
to meet with Fernley as well 
Any other suggestions on topics or people to see?  Can I suggest we also 
cover 
Remote offices with Naomi Connell
The ledger control process - similarities and differences with Houston
Static reference control processes - ( Global 
Counterparties/Companies/Contracts/Facilities etc )
Themes from our business process reengineering reviews prior to Christmas similar to bottom up Op risk assessment
A gap analysis for the risk management team - explaining the 'legacy' work 
that James New has been leading on 
Our plans for EAS in Europe 
I shall call to discuss / prioritise and then I can instruct Fiona to 
organise meetings
Mike
I think that we have lunch already on the calendar for Wednesday - as above 
but would you also be available for dinner with the controllers and Fernley ?
I am glad that you asked!  I will be happy to bring your things back for 
you.  Niki is finding a spot for me to occupy while I am there next week and 
she is coordinating my schedule, so we see one another quite a bit.  It will 
be easy to do this.  --Sally 
Nicki Daw@
01/11/2001 12:59 PM
If your kind offer still stands, I have just thought of something I need from 
London.  I had ordered some beauty products from the salon in the Tonezone 
and they are now in (cleanser, toner and exfoliator).  If it's not too much 
trouble would you mind bring them back for me?  I will have them delivered to 
Niki Scott just in case.  They are already paid for.  If you do not get a 
chance, not to worry, I'll just have them shipped.
Thank you very much.  Have a safe trip.
Nicki
Let's plan on Monday night for dinner.  Someone included me on the 
distribution list for your going away bash, so I have put that on my calendar 
for Wednesday night as well.  --Sally 
Beth Apollo
01/11/2001 02:33 AM
Frank and I are staying at the Sheraton Belgravia which is about a 5 minute 
walk to our office  -- it is small and quiet but nice rooms.  It is not on a 
major street like Picadilly or Park Lane, but we like it.  The rate is about 
o190 a night
We had to move out of our flat on Monday, so are staying there until we 
leave.  Right now we are scheduled to fly out on Sat the 20th.
Also --- just a few notes on next week
I am free Monday night if you would like to have dinner.  I know Frank and 
Maureen will be in Spain that night, they are back on Tuesday  
Also my going away party that Fernley is throwing is on Wed night -- so 
hopefully most people will drop by there.  It is just a pub thing near the 
office, but hopefully you can make it!  I am sure there will be dinner or 
something afterwards 
Talk to you soon
Beth
Right now, I am booked at 47 Park for next week.  I would love to be closer 
to the office, but I don't know if there is anything that makes sense.  Any 
suggestions?  If not something close to the office, would you suggest another 
spot besides 47 Park 
I am committed to working on my agenda for next week before I leave the 
office tonight.  I will e:mail you tomorrow to see if we can schedule a time 
to meet and hopefully a lunch or dinner, too.  --Sally 
Thanks!  I understand that congratulations are in order for you, too.  We 
should definitely do dinner and celebrate.  I think that Niki has arranged 
that for Thursday night.  I will look forward to it.  --Sally 
Fernley Dyson
01/11/2001 10:31 AM
Hi Sally - and a Happy New Year. Sounds like you, David and the kids had a 
great time (baking - my word you are a lady of many talents!)
I certainly would like to spend some time with you next week and I'll ask 
Niki to work me in to your schedule - I'd love to have dinner one evening if 
that suits.
Congratulations!
Fernley
I hope that your holidays were wonderful.  I thoroughly enjoyed the week of 
vacation that I took before Christmas.  It was fun to be home with the 
children, although I certainly worked hard -- up every night until very late 
either baking or wrapping gifts or writing notes on last minute Christmas 
cards 
I plan to be in the London office next week.  I will leave Houston on Sunday 
evening and will arrive in London Monday morning.  After a stop by the hotel, 
I should be in the office after lunch.  I plan to be there through Thursday, 
and will fly back to Houston on Friday morning 
I have a number of things planned to review with Mike Jordan.  Some of the 
major goals for the trip are:
to review Mike Jordan's action plan to move the close and officialization of 
London books to same  day,
to replicate an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts 
(we are doing this in Houston  on January 11 for managers and above within 
Operations for EA, EGM and EIM),
to discuss the Doorstep process with Mike's business controllers in the 
London office who will participate in  Doorstep reviews this year, 
to discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London 
office related to speeding up  London's information for the corporate DPR
I also plan to visit with Mike on the feasibility of utilizing our 
operational pricing model in London and his thoughts on CommodityLogic and 
other ideas around potential commercialization of mid and back office 
services.  Mike also has some members of the London team that he would like 
for me to meet 
Other things planned are spending some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy Ted and I will have a conference call with Shona and Cassandra (and team) for 
a download on the New York metals Doorstep review that is taking place this 
week 
I would welcome your participation in any or all of the above.  In addition, 
I hope that you may have some time for the two of us to touch base.  Also, if 
you have an opening for lunch or dinner, do let me know.  I have been in the 
throws of bonus allocations this week, but hope that today I can start to 
finalize my calendar for next week.  --Sally 
Well, I didn't get this out to you before I left the office last night.  I 
was still pouring over bonus info until 9:30, and decided to call it quits at 
that point.  Here are some of the things that I would like to do next week:
review your action plan to move the close and officialization of London 
books to same day,
to replicate, if appropriate,  an Operational Risk information session for 
London counterparts (you and I can  review early in the week what we are 
doing here in Houston today and modify the info for Europe) 
discuss the Doorstep process with you and, if you deem appropriate, your 
business controllers in the   London office who will participate in Doorstep 
reviews this year (clear up and questions and get your input  on how to 
continually improve the process 
discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London office 
related to speeding up   London's information for the corporate DPR
do some planning with you for the February 12 & 13 ASE
discuss the feasibility of utilizing our operational pricing model in London 
discuss your ideas and thoughts on CommodityLogic and other ideas around 
potential commercialization of  mid and back office services
In addition, I would like to meet with anyone in the London office that you 
think would be beneficial.  Through Nicki Scott, I understand that Michael 
Brown would like to meet with me so we are setting that up.  I will also 
spend some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy while I am there.  And I plan 
to meet with Fernley as well 
Any other suggestions on topics or people to see   
I think that we have lunch already on the calendar for Wednesday 
Please see following details for Friday's brainstorming session:
Date: Friday, January 12, 2001
Time: 8:30 - 2:00 PM (Continental breakfast & lunch will be served)
Place: Four Seasons Hotel
1300 Lamar St.
"Highland" Room (to the right, upstairs to 2nd floor, then left)
Parking: Stamp will be provided in meeting room to validate parking tickets
Thanks,
Patti x39106
I hope that your holidays were wonderful.  I thoroughly enjoyed the week of 
vacation that I took before Christmas.  It was fun to be home with the 
children, although I certainly worked hard -- up every night until very late 
either baking or wrapping gifts or writing notes on last minute Christmas 
cards 
I plan to be in the London office next week.  I will leave Houston on Sunday 
evening and will arrive in London Monday morning.  After a stop by the hotel, 
I should be in the office after lunch.  I plan to be there through Thursday, 
and will fly back to Houston on Friday morning 
I have a number of things planned to review with Mike Jordan.  Some of the 
major goals for the trip are:
to review Mike Jordan's action plan to move the close and officialization of 
London books to same  day,
to replicate an Operational Risk information session for London counterparts 
(we are doing this in Houston  on January 11 for managers and above within 
Operations for EA, EGM and EIM),
to discuss the Doorstep process with Mike's business controllers in the 
London office who will participate in  Doorstep reviews this year, 
to discuss with Mark Pickering the technology dependencies of the London 
office related to speeding up  London's information for the corporate DPR
I also plan to visit with Mike on the feasibility of utilizing our 
operational pricing model in London and his thoughts on CommodityLogic and 
other ideas around potential commercialization of mid and back office 
services.  Mike also has some members of the London team that he would like 
for me to meet 
Other things planned are spending some time with Beth Apollo and Ted Murphy Ted and I will have a conference call with Shona and Cassandra (and team) for 
a download on the New York metals Doorstep review that is taking place this 
week 
I would welcome your participation in any or all of the above.  In addition, 
I hope that you may have some time for the two of us to touch base.  Also, if 
you have an opening for lunch or dinner, do let me know.  I have been in the 
throws of bonus allocations this week, but hope that today I can start to 
finalize my calendar for next week.  --Sally 
I hope that each one of you will arrange your schedules tomorrow to make the 
time to vote.  Also, please encourage everyone on your staff to take the time 
to vote tomorrow.   For those employees who typically work later hours, 
please suggest that they take the time to vote before coming to the office Everyone should feel that they have sufficient time to make their vote 
count.  It should be interesting to watch the returns tomorrow evening Hopefully, we will have all played a part in the outcome 
This one is pretty funny 
Like you have time to read this... It is really funny.
PT
Sue Foust
01/10/2001 03:43 PM
SHERRI SORRELS  > > This is dedicated to every woman who ever attempted to get
 >>    into a regular workout routine, (or use one of those Ab-Doer
 machines
 >>    Dear Diary,
 >>      For my fiftieth birthday this year, my husband (the dear)
 purchased
 a
 >> week of personal training at the local health club    for me.
 Although I
 >> am still in great shape since playing on my high school softball
 team, I
 >> decided it would be a good idea to go  ahead and give it a try.
 >>       I called the club and made my reservations with a personal
 trainer
 >> I'll call Bruce, who identified himself as a 26-year-old aerobics
 >> instructor and model for clothing and swimwear.   My husband seemed
 >> pleased
 >> with my enthusiasm to get started.  The club encouraged me to keep a
 diary
 >> to chart my progress.
 >>       Monday:
 >>    Started my day at 6:00am. Tough to get out of bed, but found it
 was
 >> well
 >> worth it when I arrived at the health club to find Bruce waiting for
 me.
 >> He is something of a Greek God - with blond hair, dancing eyes and a
 >> dazzling white smile.  Woo Hoo!
 >>      Bruce gave me a tour and showed me the machines.  He took my
 pulse
 >> after five minutes on the treadmill.  He was alarmed that my pulse
 was so
 >> fast, but I attribute it to standing next to him in his Lycra
 aerobic
 >> outfit.
 >>        I enjoyed watching the skillful way in which he conducted his
 >> aerobics class after my    workout today. Very inspiring. Bruce was
 >> encouraging as I did my sit-ups, although my gut was already aching
 from
 >> holding it in the whole time he was around.
 >>      This is going to be a FANTASTIC week!!
 >>    Tuesday:
 >>    I drank a whole pot of coffee, but I finally made it out the
 door.
 >> Bruce
 >> made me lie on my back and push a heavy iron bar into the air - then
 he
 >> put
 >> weights on it!  My legs were a little wobbly on the treadmill, but I
 made
 >> the full mile.  Bruce's rewarding smile made it all worthwhile.
 >>        I feel GREAT! It's a whole new life for me.
 >>    Wednesday:
 >>      The only way I can brush my teeth is by laying on the
 toothbrush on
 >> the counter and moving my mouth back and forth over it.  I believe I
 have
 >> a
 >> hernia in both pectorals.
 >>      Driving was okay as long as I didn't' try to steer or stop.  I
 parked
 >> on top of a GEO in the club parking lot.  Bruce was impatient with
 me,
 >> insisting that my screams bothered other club members.   His voice
 is a
 >> little too perky for early in the morning and when he scolds, he
 gets
 this
 >> nasally whine that is VERY annoying.  My chest hurt when I got on
 the
 >> treadmill, so Bruce put me on the stair monster.
 >>      Why the hell would anyone invent a machine to simulate an
 activity
 >> rendered obsolete by elevators?  Bruce told me it would help me get
 in
 >> shape and enjoy life.    He said some other shit too.
 >>    Thursday:
 >>      Bruce was waiting for me with his vampire-like teeth exposed as
 his
 >> thin, cruel lips were pulled back into a full snarl.  I couldn't
 help
 >> being
 >> a half an hour late, it took me that long to tie my shoes.  Bruce
 took me
 >> to work out with dumbbells.
 >>      When he was not looking, I ran and hid in the men's room. He
 sent
 >> Lars
 >> to find me, then, as punishment, put me on the rowing machine -
 which I
 >> sank.
 >>    Friday:
 >>      I hate that bastard Bruce more than any human being has ever
 hated
 >> any
 >> other human being in the history of the world.  Stupid,  skinny,
 anemic
 >> little cheerleader wanna-be bastard. If  there were a part of my
 body I
 >> could move without unbearable pain, I would beat him with it.
 >>         Bruce wanted me to work on my triceps.   I don't have any
 triceps!
 >> And if you don't want dents in the floor, don't hand me the > >> barbells
 >> or anything that weighs more than a sandwich. (Which I am sure you
 learned
 >> in the sadist school you attended and graduated magna cum laude
 from,
 >> Bruce,  you Nazi bastard).
 >>      The treadmill flung me off and I landed on a health and
 nutrition
 >> teacher.   Why couldn't it have been someone softer, like the drama
 coach
 >> or the choir director?
 >>    Saturday:
 >>         Bruce left a message on my answering machine in his grating,
 >> shrilly voice wondering why I did not show up today.  Just hearing
 him
 >> made
 >> me want to smash the machine with my planner.   However, I lacked
 the
 >> strength even to use the TV remote and ended up catching eleven
 straight
 >> hours of the *$@#& Weather Channel.
 >>    Sunday:
 >>    I'm having the Church van pick me up for services today so I can
 go
 and
 >> thank GOD that this week is over.   I will also pray that next year
 my
 >> husband (the BASTARD) will choose a gift for me that is fun - like a
 root
 >> canal or a hysterectomy.
 >Suzanne Cox
 >Tenor Networks
 >6200 S. Syracuse Way, Suite 125
 >Greenwood Village, CO   80111
 >303 874-5153
 >303 874-5154 (fax)