James B Fallon
11/18/99 09:36 AM
Sent by: Lucy M Marshall
Mark:
Recently, you requested Jim provide written feedback on David Unfortunately, due to the large number of requests received, Jim is unable to 
provide written feedback.  However, you can either call Jim (x3-3354) or set 
up a meeting if you would like to receive verbal feedback.
Thanks, 
Lucy
You have to be careful reading those reports - the 145mph number is the 
current maximum wind speed - right at the eye wall - which is well to the 
south-east of St. Thomas.  The Weather channel this morning showed local 
radar indicating a lot of rain in the US 7 BVI but the storm center was 
pretty far away.  The real question is what direction will it go from here If it heads out to the north east as predicted, no problems.  If it takes a 
turn to the north, direct hit.  I hadn't hard about the state of emergency 
but that could be due to rain related damage.
Many storm sites available:
isory.html
In case you need it to decipher some of the coordinates, the BVI is at 
roughly 18 25' N 64 40' W
St. Thomas is closer to 18 20' N 65 W
Check the weather reports.
USVI badly hit by hurricane Lenny....145mph winds......Clinton thinking of
declaring a state of emergency.
B
Interesting damage reports - particularly from St. Croix.  I had been looking 
at the cruising guide when I got home last night to see where we might be 
able to poke around in the USVI.  I seem to remember that the Moorings won't 
let us take the boat to St. Croix (a bit far away) but had thought we might 
want to get special permission.  Now I'm not so sure if the place will still 
be all ahoo when we get there.  It might not have been the entire group's cup 
of tea in any event since it would take a good solid day of sailing each way 
to and from St. John.  My impression is that I might be the only soul on 
board who would relish that thought - particularly if the seas are still a 
bit rough from storm effects.  I'm watching the national Weather Service 
updates as they come out - roughly every two hours.
Caution on the Fed Ex package for the doorman - USVI may be the US for INS 
purposes but not for Fed Ex - they require an international waybill for 
deliveries there.  You can have the package sent to their Cruz Bay office to 
be held for pick-up (two day service - guaranteed by 4 pm) or to St. Thomas 
airport (next day service by 2 pm).  I mentioned in a previous note that the 
main harbor in St. Thomas is not really yacht friendly but we could probably 
figure out a way to get in there if that works out best (maybe go into a 
different bay, dinghy ashore and get a cab to the airport).  Fed Ex - (800) 
247-4747
Mark
Good News:  Lenny weakening - max. winds down to 130 mph and pressure rising
Bad News:  The darn thing won't get moving - still just drifting a bit to the 
north & east
It's hard to describe which islands we care about on those maps - they're all 
so small they almost don't show up on the maps.  Luckily St. Thomas is to the 
west and a bit north of Lenny's current position
Here is a San Juan radar image that has St. Thomas marked and one of th 
recent forecasted path maps.
Should I have received a copy already?  I don't remember seeing it.
Sent by: Kay Young
A reminder:  Please put your markups on  Robin's or  Erica's  today or early 
Monday a.m.  Both Robin and Erica are out of the office today, but plan to 
finish making changes Monday.
Thanks, Kay
I just got this update (emphasis added) - these coordinates put the storm 
just a tad south and a good (but not comfortable) bit east of St. Thomas Tortola.  If it stays on this track, things will only improve in the VI. 
Storm99 Weather Advisory  02:49:17 PM
Latest storm and tropical weather information from
Lowe's Storm99 Hurricane Central 
HURRICANE LENNY ADVISORY NO. 22 FOR 5 PM AST THU NOV 18
LENNY WREAKING HAVOC ON ST. MAARTEN AND ADJACENT ISLANDS 
AT 5 P.M. ATLANTIC TIME ... 2100 UTC ... THE HURRICANE WARNING FOR THE U.S.
AND BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS ... AND THE TROPICAL STORM WARNING FOR CULEBRA
AND VIEQUES ... HAVE BEEN DISCONTINUED.
A HURRICANE WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT FOR DUTCH ST. MAARTEN ... FRENCH ST.
MARTIN ... ST.BARTHELEMEY ... ANGUILLA ... SABA ... ST. EUSTATIUS ST.KITTS ... NEVIS ... MONTSERRAT ... ANTIGUA ... AND BARBUDA.
AT 5 P.M. ATLANTIC TIME ... 2100Z ... THE EYE OF HURRICANE LENNY WAS NEAR
LATITUDE 18.1 NORTH ... LONGITUDE 63.1 WEST ... VERY NEAR ST. MAARTEN.
LENNY HAS BEEN NEARLY STATIONARY DURING THE DAY BUT A SLOW NORTHEASTWARD
MOTION SHOULD BEGIN TONIGHT. THIS TRACK SHOULD CONTINUE TO BRING THE CORE
OF THE HURRICANE OVER THE ISLANDS OF SABA ... ST. MAARTEN ... AND ANGUILLA
DURING THE NEXT SEVERAL HOURS. THERE ARE REPORTS OF SEVERE DAMAGE IN ST.
MAARTEN WHERE HURRICANE CONDITIONS HAVE BEEN OCCURRING AT LEAST FOR THE
PAST COUPLE OF HOURS AND TROPICAL-STORM FORCE WINDS HAVE PREVAILED DURING
MOST OF THE DAY.
MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS HAVE DECREASED TO NEAR 120 MPH ... 195 KILOMETERS
PER HOUR ... WITH HIGHER GUSTS ESPECIALLY OVER UNPROTECTED SOUTH AND WEST
FACING HARBORS. STRONGER SUSTAINED WINDS COULD BE EXPERIENCED IN
MOUNTAINOUS AREAS. LITTLE CHANGE IN STRENGTH IS FORECAST DURING THE NEXT 24
HOURS.
HURRICANE FORCE WINDS EXTEND OUTWARD UP TO 60 MILES ... 95 KILOMETERS FROM THE CENTER ... AND TROPICAL-STORM FORCE WINDS EXTEND OUTWARD UP TO 175
MILES ... 280 KILOMETERS.
LATEST MINIMUM CENTRAL PRESSURE REPORTED BY A RECONNAISSANCE PLANE WAS 966
MILLIBARS ... 28.52 INCHES.
RAINFALL TOTALS OF 10 TO 15 INCHES ... WITH LOCALLY HIGHER AMOUNTS IN
MOUNTAINOUS REGIONS ARE ASSOCIATED WITH THE HURRICANE. THESE RAINS CAN
PRODUCE LIFE-THREATENING FLASH FLOODS AND MUD SLIDES.
STORM SURGE FLOODING OF 5 TO 8 FORT ABOVE NORMAL ... ACCOMPANIED BY LARGE
AND DANGEROUS BATTERING WAVES ... IS EXPECTED NEAR THE CENTER IN THE WARNED
AREA.
REPEATING THE 5 P.M. ATLANTIC TIME POSITION ... 18.1 NORTH ... 63.1 WEST.
MOVEMENT NEARLY STATIONARY. MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS ... 120 MPH. MINIMUM
CENTRAL PRESSURE ... 966 MILLIBARS.
AN INTERMEDIATE ADVISORY WILL BE ISSUED BY THE NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER AT
8 P.M. ATLANTIC TIME FOLLOWED BY THE NEXT COMPLETE ADVISORY AT 11 P.M.
ATLANTIC TIME.
Please continue to use Lowe's Storm99 Hurricane Central as your No. 1
resource for Hurricane and Tropical Storm updates 
In partnership with the Federal Emergency Management Agency: 
Sponsored by ASSA - The American Shutter Systems Association
Knowledge is your best protection 
Questions? Let us know how we can help at:storm-owner@lists.storm99.com
To unsubcribe from this list at anytime, send a blank message to:
storm-unsubscribe@lists.storm99.com or visit our website at
for a form that will allow you to
easily unsubscribe from the list.
Brought to you by Cox Interactive Media         & Lowe's Home Improvement Warehouse 
t-shirts & bathing suits (daytime)
polo/surf shirts & shorts (evening wear)
beach towel (you may want to wait & buy this down there)
boat shoes or sneakers
sunglasses (polarized are best)
prescription medication
sunscreen!
books
music CDs
camera & film
snorkel mask & fins (your own will be better than the ones that come with the 
boat - give us your shoe size if you're not bringing your own)
a few zip-lock bags may come in handy for packing wet items
waterproof wallet is good to take along some $ if you decide to swim from 
boat to shore instead of taking dinghy
The Moorings should be able to tell you how to get from the USVI to their 
base on Tortola.  It may be either a combination of ferry to West End (aka 
Soper's Hole) Tortola and then a cab to the base in Road Town or a ferry 
straight to Road Town.  I don't really know.  I'm also no help on how often 
they run or how long they take.  If you can be at the Moorings by 11 or 11:30 
Sunday morning that would be perfect.
Do you have contact info for your hotel in St. Thomas?
I have one change to suggest - see attached.
Attached is the proposed form of Termination Agreement.   I have requested 
copies of the relevant confirmations from the Confirm Desk to confirm that 
the transactions are referenced correctly.  Please let me know if you have 
any comments. 
I may have a few minor drafting comments but this otherwise looks pretty good 
to me.  What do you think?
Greg Johnston
11/18/99 09:58 AM
Mark, I understand that for certain short term Canadian physical deals 
completed between ENA and Enron Canada through the facilities of EnronOnline, 
ENA and Enron Canada have agreed to transact these deals as physical deals 
but book them as financial deals.  I was asked to prepare an agreement to be 
entered into between ENA and Enron Canada to reflect this agreement.  I 
attach a copy for your review and comment.  Please call me to let me know if 
you have any comments at your earliest convenience, as I understand that 
there is some urgency in getting this agreement in place.
Thanks
Greg Johnston (403-974-6745)
Test message.
I may not understand the question, but Legal does not need to be informed of 
each ETA that is executed.
Karen Lambert
11/19/99 03:06 PM
Please confirm whether legal does or does not require Global to track 
contractual relationships with counterparties where an Electronic Trading 
Agreement exists but there are no Online GTC's.
Thank you,
Karen
Dale Neuner on 11/19/99 11:11:47 AM
I spoke to Mark Dilworth about our discussion re: Global Counterparty being 
notified via e-mail whenever a customer 'signs' an ETA or GTC. Mark seems to 
think that this methodology is rather difficult, and the liklihood of it 
being accomplished anytime soon is LOW.
There is a report that will be generated with each days trading that will 
identify who our Active customers are (meaning a User ID and Password has 
been issued). That report will give us that day's exposure; exposure meaning 
there was activity for that customer, for that day; no exposure meaning there 
was no activity for that customer, for that day. With activity we would know 
that an ETA had been signed, and then you could go in and see that the GTC 
had been signed off (should be simple, as the GTC would match the Product 
Type being traded). This report would identify new customers as they traded, 
but would not identify those customers that sign an ETA and do not do any 
trades.
Mark has agreed that our idea is certainly do-able for Phase 2.
Dale
3-9746
My only concern is that the letter may not adequately tie the master 
agreement referred to and the products affected in a situation where we have 
more than one master (covering different commodities or transaction types) 
with the same counterparty.  I can imagine a situation where Credit doesn't 
want us to use a physical master but the financial master is ok or vice 
versa.  I mentioned this to Bob and he will watch for situations where Credit 
is only "turning off" one master in a multiple master setting.  We should 
also be listing each master affected if Credit wants to turn them all off.
Is this something you know anything about?
Michael Brown suggested I contact you on this.  I am SFA registered in the 
UK.  Can that be transferred to the US as a series 7 broker registration or 
something else similar??  I would appreciate your thoughts and help on this.
Thanks
As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell 
phone with me:
011 44 7881 512 535
but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no 
guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands.  I suggest that if you try 
that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there.  It 
will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office 
(x37459).
There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call my assistant 
in Houston (Taffy - x57373) Monday morning with the number.
Jan:
Please print the attachments for me.
Thanks,
Mark
The Senate Agriculture Committee on Wednesday, December 16 held a hearing on 
OTC Derivatives and the almost-demise of Long Term Capital Management (LTCM) 
hedge fund.
Witnesses included:
Panel One:  CFTC Commissioners
Brooksley Born, Chair
John Tull
Barbara Holum
David Spears
James Newsome
Panel Two:  Presidents Working Group on Financial Markets, Staff
Roger Anderson, Treasury
Patrick Parkinson, Fed
Richard Lindsey, SEC
Daniel Waldman, CFTC
Panel Three:  Former CFTC Chairs
Susan Phillips
Wendy Gramm
William Albrecht
Martin Mayer
The only members of the Committee present were Chairman Richard Lugar (R-IN) 
and Ranking Member Tom Harkin (D-IA).  Thad Cochran (R-MS) stayed only to 
make a brief opening statement.
In his opening statement, Lugar announced that the Committee would hold 
hearings and "seminars" in 1999 on OTC Derivatives issues as part of 
Commodity Exchange Act re-authorization.  Lugar also announced that he would 
be releasing a set of questions for the Committee to consider in advance of 
next year's hearing.  (I will forward the questions as soon as I am able to 
obtain a copy from the Committee.)
CFTC PANEL:
1)  Chairperson Born - her testimony was essentially no different than what 
she's been saying since May when the Concept Release was published.  She 
focused her testimony mostly on the LTCM meltdown and did not really speak to 
the issue of the appropriateness of derivatives regulation by the CFTC.  She 
only continued to assert that the Concept Release raised necessary questions 
about the OTC market, and its issuance does not officially mean the CFTC will 
regulate, but was completely justified and did not cause legal uncertainty or 
risk in OTC markets 
She said that the LTCM situation arose because of the use of derivatives in 
"highly speculative" activities.  LTCM had excessive margin obligations to 
futures exchanges, derivatives positions of $1.25 trillion (1000 times its 
capital), and carried excessive debt.   Born said that the Concept Release 
raises questions that go to the heart of the LTCM problem:  lack of 
transparency, excessive leverage, and (most notably) the lack of controls and 
reporting requirements that allow firms to take positions that jeopardise 
markets and avoid appropriate regulation.
She indicated a hope that the President's Working Group would complete its 
studies on OTC derivatives and on hedge funds early in 1999, and that the 
CFTC would work closely with other agencies toward that end.
2)  Commissioner Tull - echoed Born's testimony, saying that the LTCM 
situation raises questions about transparency, leverage, over-lending, 
disclosure, and systemic risk.  He said the Concept Release questions don't 
mean that regulation is required -- the responses will be important to the 
CFTC in dealing with situations like LTCM.
3)  Commissioner Holum - indicated that the CFTC should definitely not act 
until the President's Working Group (PWG) completes its studies on 
derivatives and hedge funds AND until Congress has evaluated the results of 
those studies and considered the issue fully in CEA re-authorization 
hearings.  She said CEA legislation is the appropriate forum for 
re-examination of OTC regulation.  She added that regulators shouldn't be 
able to hide behind interpretations of static old regulation, regulations 
must evolve with the markets.
Holum said the LTCM situation occurred due to excessive leverage, arising 
from a bad investment strategy and over-extension of credit by lenders.  The 
CFTC should not jump to regulation because of one firm's poor management, 
this could drive business offshore.   She also said that regulation of 
on-exchange markets should be examined along with OTC markets.
4)  Commissioner Spears - said that while the Concept Release was purported 
to be a "fact-finding" exercise, it shouldn't have been done in a "vacuum" 
without participation from the rest of the PWG agencies.  Congress should 
have a major role in the debate -- as such Spears and Commissioner Newsome 
have formally indicated that they will not vote for any new regulation until 
Congress has considered that matter, at least through September 1999.
5)  Commissioner Newsome -  he echoed Spears' remarks, saying that he 
wouldn't vote for any new regulation of OTC markets until Congress has fully 
considered the matter and the PWG has concluded its review and studies (NOTE:  I had a chance to talk to Commissioner Newsome after the hearing, and 
he indicated that he would like to take Mark Haedicke up on his offer to 
visit the Enron Trading Floor.)
Questions and Answers:
-- Lugar indicated that the CFTC had information about LTCM's problems well 
before the September collapse (this was reported in the Washington Post).  He 
asked why they did not share this information with the PWG agencies or act 
sooner.  Born responded that LTCM (as a Commodity Pooling Organization - CPO) 
filed audited financial statements and satisfied all reporting requirements 
in filing the information that the CFTC received before September.  She said 
the commissioners never saw the information -- staff determined LTCM was OK 
at that point.  She also said other agencies had some of the same information 
at the same time.
--  Harkin asked the size of the OTC market -- his point being that it is 
unknown due to lack of transparency.  All commissioners indicated they had no 
formal answer, but the guess was around $30 trillion.   Harkin asked if there 
was double-counting going on based on the underlying assets on which 
derivatives are formed.  Born responded that there is not even necessarily an 
underlying asset involved, but yes, there could be multiple-counting Harkin's comment was that this seemed to him like a "pyramid scheme," and 
raises serious questions about safety and soundness.  Harking then asked Born 
if imposing reporting requirements were within the CFTC's exemptive authority 
under the 1993 CEA?  Born replied simply, yes.
-- Lugar asked what expertise the CFTC has in analyzing the OTC market.  Born 
indicated that CFTC economists and attorneys "try to keep up with" OTC 
developments, but don't devote a lot of resources in that area because they 
have made so many exemptions for the OTC market.
PWG PANEL:
Testimony of all witnesses focused mainly on the relevance of the LTCM 
collapse in their two studies on derivatives and hedge funds.  They all 
indicated that the PWG was using a consensus process in their review -- no 
agency's view will be allowed to dominate the studies.  They also stressed 
the importance of looking at OTC markets as international markets, and 
coordinating with international regulatory bodies.
FORMER CFTC CHAIRS PANEL:
1)  Susan Phillips - Said that financial derivatives are easier to regulate 
than commodity derivatives.  (Note:  She seemed to assume in her testimony 
that the main participants in OTC markets were banks and financial services 
firms)  She said that the CEA gives the CFTC very broad authority to 
regulate, and Congress may want to take a fresh look at this.  She also said 
that, in addition to greater market discipline, the best way to deal with 
"unregulated" participants in OTC markets would be more adequate disclosure 
requirements.
2)  Wendy Gramm - was a superstar witness, advocating no further role for the 
CFTC or any other agency in OTC market regulation.  She said that by the 
CFTC's merely asking questions in 1987, the commodity swap market moved 
overseas and did not return until the CFTC issued more friendly policy 
statement and clarifications.  She introduced 2 articles into the record, one 
that focuses on the CFTC's creating legal uncertainty by asking questions 
about OTC markets, and another that says that regulators shouldn't use events 
such as LTCM to advance their own regulatory agenda.  She said that any 
purported regulations need strict review by Congress and cost/benefit 
analysis.
3)  William Albrecht - said there is no role for the CFTC in OTC markets.  He 
said that the CFTC shouldn't use the LTCM situation to stretch its regulatory 
authority to hedge funds.  He reluctantly proposed that the CFTC and SEC be 
merged, because functional regulation no longer appears to work well due to 
diversity of participants in the financial markets.
4)  Martin Mayer - said the CFTC should re-assert its role in derivatives 
regulation due to the recent LTCM situation.  He believes that any financial 
instrument that is a "bet" is a derivative - futures included.
Questions and Answers:
Chairman Lugar asked if OTC market regulation by the CFTC is appropriate -- Phillips replied No, there may be a need for additional disclosure 
requirements, and may be an expanded role for the SEC in doing so.
-- Gramm replied No, and there is no need for nay expanded regulation -- the 
authority should not move to another agency, institutional regulation is 
sufficient.
-- Albrecht replied No, it is too complex and difficult to structure 
functional regulation of derivatives under the CEA.
-- Mayer replied Yes.
Attached to this document is the testimony of Senator Lugar and each witness, 
except Commissioner Tull and Daniel Waldman who did not submit testimony (For Lotus Notes - double click on attachment and choose "Launch";  cc-mail, 
choose "Launch Attachment" from the attachments menu)  If you have trouble 
opening these files, please let me know and I will have hard-copies sent to 
you by mail.   Any questions, please call me at 202/466-9157.
CFTC PANEL
PWG PANEL
FORMER CFTC CHAIRS PANEL
As you know, I will be out of the office next week.  I will have the cell 
phone with me:
011 44 7881 512 535
but unfortunately no way to recharge the thing after Sunday morning and no 
guarantee that it works in the Virgin Islands anyway.  I suggest that if you 
try that number and do not get an answer that you NOT leave a message there It will be much more likely to get to me if you leave it here at the office 
(x37459).
There will be a cell phone on the boat, however, and I will call Taffy  
(x57373) Monday morning with the number.
Frank L Davis
11/20/99 01:00 PM
Mark,
The City Of Riverside has mailed in a password application form to trade on 
EnronOnline (EOL).  This customer is considered a "muni" and we need to know 
if there are any legal restrictions (by product type) that would keep them 
from trading on EOL.  We would like to respond back to this customer as soon 
as we receive approval/rejection back from our legal, credit, and tax 
departments.
Please contact me with any questions.
Thanks for your help!
Frank
That time works fine for me.  I am in EB3889.
Monica Matias@_DEVELOPMENT
11/26/99 10:30 AM
Regarding to Mike's e:mail dated of Nov 25, I would like to set up a meeting, 
as follows:
Dec 3rd, Friday
From 9:00 am till 10:00 am
Please advise me if you will be available and your location. Thanks in 
advance.
I suggest you insert "with respect to the Transactions" after the word 
"Counterparty" in the second line of paragraph 1.  Otherwise they look great 
to me.
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
SOLICITOR-CLIENT COMMUNICATION
Attached are:
1. the revised Termination Agreement with BMO; and
2. the draft Termination Agreement with Banque Paribas.
With respect to the BMO Termination Agreement once the deal is finalized, I 
only require:
1. the Agreement date;
2. the Effective Date;
3.  the payment amount; and
4. the payment date.
With respect to the Paribas Termination Agreement, I will need the same 
information, as well as to confirm the date of the ISDA Master and deal 
identification numbers/legs and to obtain copies of the Confirmation 
Letters.  I will try to track down this ancillary information today, but I 
realize it is U.S. Thanksgiving.  Otherwise, I will follow-up Monday morning.
, Peter
From a financial trading perspective, the Credit Group is reviewing each 
potential counterparty and will not approve any counterparty that is not an 
"Eligible Swap Participant" (as defined in federal regulations as over a 
certain size) from trading derivatives.  Generally speaking, they don't 
approve customers that are smaller than that for any trading from a credit 
perspective but that is up to them.
Karen Lambert
11/24/99 02:15 PM
Does EOL have a screening process for special handling of "potential retail" 
counterparty password applications so that we prevent violations to the EES 
Limited Liability Company agreement? 
Thanks for taking care of this.  Sorry I was not reachable.
David, As long as the long descriptions have not changed and the traders are 
fine with the short description changes as being clearer, I have no problems 
with the changes on the financial side.  Stacy will respond on the physical 
gas side.
David Forster
11/24/99 11:44 AM
Please find attached a spreadsheet showing the new descriptions and some 
samples of the old descriptions (I have to match these by hand, so it is not 
a comprehensive list).
The changes are:
1) Re-ordering of the elements
2) Shortening the index/location description to something which is more 
recognizeable to the traders (and our customers)
We would like to be showing these short descriptions to customers on Monday, 
so your response/input is needed today.
Sorry about the short notice - we're all in the same boat on this one.
Dave
Test reply.
EnronOnline@ect.enron.com on 11/23/99 11:39:24 PM
Please respond to EnronOnline@ect.enron.com
Legal approval required for new product type: Continental - Belgium zz test 
Apples Financial Option Validated by: ACONNELL at 11/24/99 5:39:22 AM
Works for me.
David Forster
11/29/99 06:11 PM
We have been working on a somewat revised version of the online "override" 
letter.  What do you think?
David Forster
11/29/99 06:11 PM
We have an executed master agreement with Engage Energy Canada L.P. which we 
A couple more to print, please.
Sara Shackleton
12/18/98 07:34 PM
I just finished speaking with Danny Sullivan.  He understands that I have not 
reviewed these transactions; that's fine.  He's not certain when these are 
closing but probably after X-mas.  Please don't feel bound by this 
documentation because it's a "continuation" of the former BTI transaction Even Sarlux/Trakya have some modifications.  Thanks.  SS
Please find attached redrafts of the swap confirm and swap schedule,
with changes marked from the last drafts.
Please note that Enron's obligations to pay principal under the swap
should terminate in the event of a transfer to a third party under section
5.05 of the sale and option agreement before the expiry of the option
period. This is because the third party will not be obliged to swap the
proceeds of sale it receives from PR-C in the event that the option is
exercised. See section 3.3 of the schedule.
Also, the definition of Payments Received may need to be changed once
the flow of funds in the indenture and trust agreement have been
finalized.
Please call me on 214 659 4403 if you have any questions.
Danny Sullivan
- 160401.WPD
- 160404.WPD
That's fine with me - we're taking that approach on the "override" letters 
that override existing master agreements.
Stacy E Dickson
11/30/99 10:13 AM
Mark, 
I am fine with the user not signing.  It is your call though.
Stacy
David Forster
11/30/99 08:08 AM
Stacy/Mark,
Can we revise the Texas Utilities letter so that the user does not need to 
sign, but accepts the amendment by transacting on the website?
As we have hordes of customers asking for User ID's, it would be appreciated 
if we could land on a final, legal-approved draft of the letter, combined 
with a list of affected customers for this morning.
Thanks,
Dave
David Forster
26/11/99 19:31
Stacy,
Can we revise the text down to the following?
Dear [Customer]:
Please be advised that all U.S. physical natural gas transactions that you 
This leter will be sent with the User ID, so it doesn't really require much 
of an introductory sentence.
Dave
Stacy E Dickson
22/11/99 20:33
Dave, 
Attached is the letter that we discussed.  Please give me your comments.
Stacy
I'm still concerned about the circularity of the letter indicating that the 
GTC will control but then the GTC says the master will control 
David Forster
11/29/99 07:52 PM
Bob,
The attached letter format should be used for all of the companies which have 
not transacted online yet and for whom we wish the GTC to supercede an 
existing master agreement. It has been approved by Mark Taylor.
This can be used for all such companies going forward.
Thanks,
Dave
Here are my comments.  Do you want to add anything about the reason for 
this?  I don't think it's necessary from a legal point of view but might 
soften the letter a bit.
David Forster
11/30/99 02:44 PM
So, to hit the nail on the head, could you please review and amend/approve 
the following?
Thanks,
Dave
Stacy E Dickson
30/11/99 20:25
Here is the answer
That's fine with me - we're taking that approach on the "override" letters 
that override existing master agreements.
Stacy E Dickson
11/30/99 10:13 AM
Mark, 
I am fine with the user not signing.  It is your call though.
Stacy
David Forster
11/30/99 08:08 AM
Stacy/Mark,
Can we revise the Texas Utilities letter so that the user does not need to 
sign, but accepts the amendment by transacting on the website?
As we have hordes of customers asking for User ID's, it would be appreciated 
if we could land on a final, legal-approved draft of the letter, combined 
with a list of affected customers for this morning.
Thanks,
Dave
David Forster
26/11/99 19:31
Stacy,
Can we revise the text down to the following?
Dear [Customer]:
Please be advised that all U.S. physical natural gas transactions that you 
This leter will be sent with the User ID, so it doesn't really require much 
of an introductory sentence.
Dave
Stacy E Dickson
22/11/99 20:33
Dave, 
Attached is the letter that we discussed.  Please give me your comments.
Stacy
This phone number doesn't work - do you have another?
David Forster
12/01/99 02:38 PM
Mark,
We think this is Aquila's legal counsel. Could you call them, please?
Their Masters are good. They will not need to have the GTC's supercede.
Thanks,
Dave
Elena Kapralova
01/12/99 20:05
Aquila Energy (Scott Eckerman (816) 522-1228) called  and wanted to get more 
clear wording of the few issues in the ETA, i.e. that existing Master always 
supersedes online GTCs, and that changes we may make to GTCs later on won't 
affected existing Masters, also that confirmations will be always sent.
He said they are very excited about online trading with Enron and want to use 
it ASAP .
We told him that smone will get back to him today to talk it over. I could 
not reach neither Louise or David on ext. or mobiles.
These are ok with me if Agency.com has approved.  How will PR be handling #3?
David Forster
12/01/99 05:42 PM
Mark,
You may have responded to this email before, but I am unable to find it.
Could you please have a look over it and let me know what you think?
Thanks,
Dave
David Forster
10/11/99 16:22
Mark,
Could you please cast your eye over these additions to the FAQ list?
Thanks,
Dave
Louise Kitchen
10/11/99 16:10
Q1: Did you write your web page internally or use an outside company?
A: Enron used an outside company for the web page coding, but the internal 
applications which our traders use for posting their bids and offers were 
built by Enron personnel.
Q2: What is the name of the outside agency which Enron used for web page 
development and how can we contact them?
A: The company which wrote the internet software for EnronOnline is 
Agency.com. 
Q3: Are you satisfied with Agency's performance?
Refer the caller to our PR dept.
David Forster
09/11/99 17:32
OK - Q1 and Q3 obviously only need internal approval, but I will send Q2 to 
Agency, if you approve.
Q1: Did you write your web page internally or use an outside company?
A: Enron used an outside company for the web page coding, but the internal 
applications which our traders use for posting their bids and offers were 
built by Enron personnel.
Q2: What is the name of the outside agency which Enron used for web page 
development and how can we contact them?
A: The company which wrote the internet software for EnronOnline is 
Agency.com. They are located in Dallas, Texas and can be reached at 
214-571-4000, or by mail at 1701 N. Market Street, Suite 400, Dallas, Texas 
75202.
Q3: Are you satisfied with Agency's performance?
Refer the caller to our PR dept.
Louise Kitchen
09/11/99 15:27
We need to draft an FAQ and get it approved by Agency.  Can you draft 
something?Thanks
David Forster
09/11/99 15:13
If someone calls the Call Centre and asks if we used an outside vendor for 
the website, and who the vendor is, shall we tell them?
We have received such a query - I want to establish policy.
Thanks,
Dave
This is during our meeting with Michael Guerriero.  Would you prefer that I 
cover the ISDA call?
Sent by: Mark E Haedicke
Can you cover this?
Barbara Hanlon  Our next conference call will be held this Friday, December 3rd at 10:00
a.m. New York time.  If you wish to participate, please call 888-391-6741
and give passcode "ISDA ONE" and leader is Rick Grove.
Stacy Carey
Director of U.S. Regulatory Policy
Hi Bruce!
Ted took his first steps back to solid foods on Monday night.  He was so sick 
when we left you on Saturday that we had to motor the whole way back to 
Tortola and put him ashore for Saturday night.  We made our flight on Sunday 
and he went to the Dr. on Monday.  They think it was probably food poisoning 
but I don't see why nobody else got it.
Greg's expenses should certainly be part of the common fund.  There were a 
few other common expenses we haven't settled up on yet - Ted had a few 
groceries and a dinner and I paid for the beverage order).  I'll get Ted's 
numbers when I get home tonight and do a tally which I can send tomorrow Let me know if you think of anything else.
When I first get back I usually feel the room swaying when it is small and 
enclosed (like an interior conference room or the shower).  It's a sure sign 
you were acclimatised to the boat!
I'm not sure which e-mail address you are using so I figured I'd send to both.
Here is my itinerary for Christmas travel:
Friday 12/24    Continental 4126  Leaves Houston 7:55 am  Arrives Cincinnati 
11:20 am
Sunday 12/26  Continentat 4122  Leaves Cincinnati 5:45 pm  Arrives Houston 
7:25 pm
These are Continental Express flights - I don't know if that makes a 
difference in terminals in Cincinnati or not - it does in Houston.
I got your message at home, my SSN is 
Here is the draft of the amendment letter.  Please let me know if it is 
acceptable and I will have it executed.
Enron rings opening bell for bandwidth
exchange 
By Corey Grice
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
December 2, 1999, 5:40 p.m. PT 
The opening bell has rung for a new kind of exchange. The currency? 
Bandwidth. 
A subsidiary of energy industry giant Enron, Enron Communications, today 
opened the
doors to a bandwidth commodity exchange. The company first announced its 
intention to
sell space on high-speed networks as a commodity in May. 
Traditional commodity exchanges sell goods like 
oil, natural
gas and grain. Enron has taken this concept and 
given it a
telecommunications spin, offering space on 
high-speed
networks to communications carriers.
In the past, carriers looking to fill holes or 
service gaps in
their networks would have had to enter long-term 
contracts
with other carriers to fulfill their bandwidth 
needs. The
exchange, Enron says, acts as a sort of middleman 
for
carriers to find short-term contracts or quick 
fixes as they
complete network construction or try to manage
heavier-than-expected network traffic. 
For example, Global Crossing plans to sell 
capacity on a
high-speed fiber optic link between New York and 
Los
Angeles over the exchange.
Enron also expects to start an international bandwidth trading market 
next May.
Separately, RateXchange, a similar bandwidth exchange, demonstrated its 
own
commodities trading system at a telecommunications conference in New 
York today. 
RateXchange predicts that the trading of bandwidth and other 
telecommunications products
could become a $8 billion market by 2002. 
Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of 
Seagull's positions at E.D.&F. Man.   Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Here's my letter.  Any comments?
Mark -- thanks very much for the attached draft agreement.  This is fine and
I'll have it signed by J. Aron and faxed to your attention.
I've researched the documentation that is in place between Aron and Enron.
While we do have a master swap agreement between J. Aron and Enron North
America (or its predecessor) I don't seem to show a master physical
agreement.  Accordingly, I believe the transactions would be subject to
Enron's GT&Cs.  I think we would want to modify these in certain respects
(for example, by making the right to call for collateral mutual).  I'm not
sure if we are going to be issuing paper confirmations in connection with
our online activities, but that would be one place to address it.  Best
, Steve
Here is the draft of the amendment letter.  Please let me know if it is
acceptable and I will have it executed.
(See attached file: J Aron.doc)
Brenda L Funk
12/06/99 09:23 AM
Craig Clark
12/03/99 05:05 PM
Please find attached the structure for Project Ghost. 
Craig 
My comments below in red.
Mark,
I am attempting to create standard letter to use as email responses for the=20
EOL Call Center.  Could you review and approve the response below. =20
We are working on developing several standard responses.  Once I have=20
"several" complete, I will foward all to you at once.
Thanks for your help,
dg
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Attention: rCounterparty_
rFirst_Name_ rLast_Name_
Thank you for your interest in EnronOnline.
As you requested, following is a guest password that will allow you temporary=20
view only access to EnronOnline.  Please note, the user ID and password are=20
CASE SENSITIVE.
Guest User ID: rUser_ID_=20
Guest Password: rPassword_
In order to apply for transaction status with EnronOnline, your company needs=20
to complete a Password Application and Registration Form for a Master User=20
account.  Each Master User will be able to grant various levels of access for=20
additional users. =20
To obtain a Password Application and Registration Form, you can visit our=20
website at www.enrononline.com and select the =01&How to Register=018 link, or call=20
our HelpDesk at 713/853-HELP (4357).=20
We hope you will find that EnronOnline provides an easy and more efficient=20
way to do business with Enron. We look forward to transacting with you online.
Sincerely,
Donna Corrigan Greif
EnronOnline
Jeff:
Here are the draft definitions and the list of which companies are to review 
which definitions.  They have asked for our comments by the 15th (next 
Wednesday).  Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks!
Mark
Corrinne Greasley  Attached please find the most recent draft of the 1999 Supplement to the
1993 Commodity Derivatives Definitions to be used in preparation for the
telephone conference call scheduled for 11am New York time, tomorrow
December 2, 1999.   You do not need to review this draft prior to the call.
It will serve as the basis of dividing up the rates for final review.  The
introduction and practice note will follow shortly.
Thanks again for your assistance in this project.
Bob Pickel
General Counsel
- supp1130a.doc
Corrinne Greasley  Following our telephone conference call today a list of the commodities and
firms which will be responsible for verifying the associated Reference Price
Source has been prepared (see enerlist.xls attached).  This file also
contains the telephone, fax and e-mail details of all the participants in
this project.  As requested a blacklined copy of the last several sections
of the draft  Supplement will be sent to everyone on Monday, December 6,
1999.
Please send all price source changes, amendments or updates along with
comments on the Introduction and Practice Note to Kianga Ellis at Cravath,
Swaine & Moore by fax on 212 474 3700 by December 15, 1999 with a copy to
me.  After all the changes have be complied consideration will be given to
rearranging some of the reference price sources by region or product as was
suggested at the meeting today.
If you encounter any problems opening the file please contact Corrinne
Greasley by e-mail (cgreasley@isda.org) or by telephone on 212 332 1200 and
a copy will be sent to you by fax.
If you have any questions or comments I can be reached by email at
rpickel@isda.org or by telephone on 212 332 1200.
Thanks again for your assistance in this project.
Robert Pickel
General Counsel
- enerlist.xls
Sorry we've been out of touch lately.  We were on vacation (sailing in the 
Virgin Islands) the week of Thanksgiving and were pretty busy getting ready 
for it the week or two before that.  There was a big swim meet in San Antonio 
last weekend that T wanted to see so we drove out for that (yawn).
I didn't even know you were leaving BA!  I knew you had been sort of looking 
around for a while but didn't realize you had made a decision.  What's the 
story?
We're planning to have people over (it's the egg nog time of year) on the 
18th - I'm guessing 8 - 10 pm but we'll let you know the details.
Sorry for the delay on getting back to you - looks good to me.
Susan Flynn
12/03/99 02:34 PM
I would like to take December 20-22, 1999 as vacation days.   Marie and 
Susan Bailey will in the office on those days.   Please let me know if this 
meets with your approval.   Thanks!
=1
11:30 (10:30 Central) works for me.
2:30 does not seem to work for December 17.  Please let me know if you are 
available at 11:30.  Thanks.
Thursday afternoon and Wednesday both look pretty good for me so far.
Claire Dunnett
12/09/99 07:51 AM
Bryan Seyfried is due to visit Houston next Tuesday arriving in Houston 
Tuesday afternoon until Friday mid morning. Bryan has requested an hour with 
all of you if possible.
I would be grateful if you or your assistants can return to me with your 
availability on Wednesday Thursday or Friday morning.
Thank you for your assistance
Claire Dunnett
Here is a draft letter to the Exchange requesting permission to effect the 
Seagull transfer 
I left a voice mail for Paul but have not heard back yet.
Mark could you follow up with this customer regarding the Password 
Application.
Thanks,
Matt
I received a call from Paul Sauer (713-877-7028) with Engage Energy. He 
stated that he would like to discuss legal aspects of the Password 
Application and possible modifications of that form.  Could you please 
contact this individual.
Thanks,
Matt Motsinger
713-853-5221
EnronOnline Call Center
I have spoken with Martin and he is going to forward some proposed language 
to me.  I will need to draft a reply letter to try and solve their issue.
I received a call from Martin Gajewski (612-984-3033) with Cargill Energy. He 
would like to make sure that the Master Agreement is the contract of 
resolution for terms and conditions of the product. He is specifically 
inquiring about paragraph 3F in the Electronic Trading Agreement. He would 
like a call back as soon as possible. Is it possible for you to contact him 
today?
Thanks,
Matt Motsinger
713-853-5221
EnronOnline Call Center
You assume correctly.
David Forster
12/13/99 07:22 AM
Donna/Dale: Can you please upload the attached version to the database?
Mark: I assume you will not have any concerns regarding these changes. If 
this is not the case, please contact me as soon as possible.
Thanks,
Dave
Edmund Cooper
13/12/99 11:35
Dear Dave,
Justin and I have had another look at the website and noticed that the old 
Legal & Privacy statement is the one being shown.  The additional language in 
the mark-up below needs to be added before European counterparties access the 
site to trade.
In respect of Finland, we have been in contact with our Finnish legal 
advisers and hope to have the issue resolved (hopefully favourably) today.
Thanks, Edmund.
Edmund Cooper
16/09/99 15:36
Dave,
I've now been given access to the Online system, and I've also seen the 
website - it's all looking pretty good.  However, I noticed on reading 
through the Legal & Privacy statement that there is some text missing!! I've 
attached a mark-up showing the missing text (red and bold) which needs to be 
in there.
, Edmund.
Your understanding is correct - the trades are binding on the legal entity 
holding the user id and password.  Any trades done which either the 
counterparty or we want to be with a different entity should be assigned 
pursuant to a written assignment agreement.  If the counterparty continues to 
misuse the system, maybe we should deny access to the types of products 
particular entities are not "supposed" to trade.
Debbie R Brackett
12/14/99 07:43 AM
My understanding ( as of last week) was that trades done Online were binding 
to the counterparty holding the ID under which the trade was transacted, and 
that confirms (if needed) would we done in that name. A follow up procedure 
was discussed for written assignment to the "correct" counterparty.  This was 
not the case yesterday, where the deal was changed internally to the 
"correct" counterparty without a written assignment.
Mark, Jeff, please comment on the the legal aspects of doing these moves 
internally without a written assignment. Does a verbal OK from each 
counterparty (assignor and assignee)  suffice?
Thanks,
Debbie
Kathryn Cordes
12/13/99 05:15 PM
We need to know what the resolution plan is to getting Aquilia straight for 
trading Physical and Financial products.   Today we saw Aquilia Risk trade 
Next Day Physical Gas again and we were asked to move the deal to Aquilia 
Energy.  What is being done to get Aquilia Risk from continuing to enter 
Physical trades on line?  My concern for this trade was that we brought it to 
Credit's attention this morning and did not get final word to move the deal 
to Aquilia Energy until late in the day (4.45pm) which affects Logistics 
ability to nominate for next day business.  Logistics has been made aware of 
the late nom and will be working with the Pipe to get the nom in.  If there 
are issues with this late nom from the pipeline we will let you know.
I'm not comfortable with the internal process of  counterparty name changing 
of EOL deals and would like to get comfortable with how we are going to set 
this process up.  I think there should be legal review of all deals that we 
change and would suspect that some form of communication would need to be 
conveyed to the counterparty 
KC
Excellent solution!
I have talked to Aquilla on several occasions (including today) and they 
continue to say they are capable of playing by the rules.  I will talk to 
them again tomorrow and suggest that we shut off their capability to trade 
physical gas online (and vica versa for Aquila Energy Marketing).  They have 
asked us not to do this however I believe it may be time to revisit this.  We 
do have the legal ability to hold them to their click deals however they do 
not have the contracts to manage physical gas. This would obviously make a 
messy situation.  I suggest that you call Jennifer Denny, Torrey Moorer or 
myself as soon as you see one of these transactions in the future as we can 
check into it immediately 
All transactions that have occured will be assigned by Aquila to Aquila Mark Taylor will draft the agreements and Aquila has agreed to this.
Kathryn Cordes
12/13/99 05:15 PM
We need to know what the resolution plan is to getting Aquilia straight for 
trading Physical and Financial products.   Today we saw Aquilia Risk trade 
Next Day Physical Gas again and we were asked to move the deal to Aquilia 
Energy.  What is being done to get Aquilia Risk from continuing to enter 
Physical trades on line?  My concern for this trade was that we brought it to 
Credit's attention this morning and did not get final word to move the deal 
to Aquilia Energy until late in the day (4.45pm) which affects Logistics 
ability to nominate for next day business.  Logistics has been made aware of 
the late nom and will be working with the Pipe to get the nom in.  If there 
are issues with this late nom from the pipeline we will let you know.
I'm not comfortable with the internal process of  counterparty name changing 
of EOL deals and would like to get comfortable with how we are going to set 
this process up.  I think there should be legal review of all deals that we 
change and would suspect that some form of communication would need to be 
conveyed to the counterparty 
KC
Lucy Ortiz
12/13/99 05:22 PM
Tanya and Mark,
We're starting to talk to some resorts about doing weather deals and I wanted 
to give you guys a heads up.
We don't have a structure in place and don't have financials yet; we should 
be getting them sometime this week. 
But, we would like to start sending the ISDA documents so that they can get 
comfortable with them.
Mark: Please send the docs to Dick Deutch,  his number is 314.432.4000. 
Details:
North Peak Resort
10920 Schuetz Road
St. Louis, MO  63146
We're thinking about doing a 1,3 or 5 year deal.  We've already mentioned the 
letter of credit to them The deal might be done on the event of temperature hitting below 28-30 
degrees Please call me if you have any questions.
,
Lucy
Lucy:
Cemex has previously signed a confidentiality agreement with us based on our 
form of agreement.  Their form is significantly more burdensome for us.  I 
would prefer that we send our form and let them know that it is substantially 
similar to one previously executed in connection with another matter.
Mark
Lucy Ortiz
12/14/99 08:20 AM
Morning to all,
Cemex would like us to sign this confidentiality agreement.  Would you please 
look it over and let me know if it is ok for Lynda to sign?
Many thanks,
Lucy
Lucy, 
Can you please send this to someone in leagal ASAP ?
You had told me that Sherri Stack was out?
They are looking to potentially do something for Jan/Feb.
Thanks so much.
George
GARY BURNS
11/30/99 12:33 AM
George,
As discussed, attached are files containing public data on cement
consumption in S. Texas.  I will work on getting a confidentiality agreement
progressed.    Thanks,  GPB
(See attached file: S_Tex_comp.xls)(See attached file: Mejor2.xls)
Hi Marc!
Yes, we're having a few friends over Sat. night for "Holiday Cheer" which at 
our house means cocktails by the Christmas tree and maybe some of my 
wonderful-tasting but horrible-for-you egg nog.  We'd love to see you guys It's just an 8 to 10 kind of thing so even if you have other parties to go 
to, you could make this one the kick-off.
The extent of FABULOUS in our Y2K plans is in the price of the bottle of 
champagne we're going to share at home that night.  I asked T if we should 
plan anything and got the "quiet night at home" reply.  That, of course, will 
change to "Why didn't you plan anything?!" around 12/29 or 30.
How's BMC?  What are you doing for them?  Do you know Clayton Williams?  I 
think he still works there.
Give us a call so we can catch up.  Tell G we said hi Saturday!
Looks good to me.
Any chance of getting the confirms to say "Ashland Inc. through its Ashland 
Specialty Chemicals Comapny division"?
Per my conversation with Frank, we are opening up the referenced counterparty 
to trade financial under the division name  indicated above.
Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of 
Seagull's positions at E.D.&F. Man.   Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Can you take care of this for me?
Here are the trades that we need an assignment letter on for Aquila Risk 
Managment, Energy Marketing and Canada
Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year.
CSC is Computer Science Corp.
Joel's number is x57723.
Joel Ephross@
12/15/99 06:44 PM
Scott Donaldson@EES
12/15/99 10:07 AM
Joel --  attached below is the latest deal diagram which is our understanding 
of the structure after discussions with David Barber last night.   Also 
attached are the latest drafts of the Amendments.
Call if you want to discuss before our 2:00 o'clock meeting.  We intend to 
meet with Barclays later this morning 
Scott  (3-7661x)
pager 888-634-9850
Enron Energy Services
I should have the amendment completed by end of next week.  I had a 
conversation with Mike Beebe, President CSC Energy Services, earlier today, 
and the only issue they have with the attached amendment (I am forwarding you 
the amendments under separate cover) is the changes to the termination on a 
change of control by CSC.  I don't think there will be any additional room 
for further changes, but we have incorporated the majority of changes 
requested by the monetization team.
Call me with questions/concerns.
Jimmie
Scott Donaldson
12/10/99 02:52 PM
Jimmie -- we are proceeding with the securitization.  Wanted to get an update 
on the Amendment 
(1) How far along are you with CSC?  Has CSC signed-off on the draft ?
(2) Will the Amendment be executed by year-end?
(3) Is it likely that the termination payment amount (for the Premium Payment 
tranche) stay as it is currently drafted?
(4) Do we or the banks have any room to suggest changes?
Please let us know how we can help.   Thanks.....Scott  (3-7661)
Enron Energy Services
Amendment to Stock purchase agreement.
Jimmie
sending you a draft of the Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement.
- 99.DOC
Enron Energy Services
Amendment to Services Agreement.
Jimmie
At Deborah Culver and Jimmie Williams' request, I am forwarding to you the
attached draft of Amendment No. 1 to the Services Agreement between EESO and
CSC.  Also attached is a version marked to show changes against the original
text from the Services Agreement.
Please contact me if you would like me to forward the attached to your
counsel.
,
Jim Boeckman
- CSC Amendment No. 1- redlined vs. original.DOC
- CSC Amendment No. 1.DOC
George.McKean@barclayscapital.com on 12/13/99 02:54:08 AM
I will call to discuss
George
Internet communications are not secure and therefore the Barclays Group
does not accept legal responsibility for the contents of this message.
Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author and do
not necessarily represent those of the Barclays Group unless otherwise
specifically stated.
Joel Ephross@
12/15/99 06:43 PM
Some of these are not final.
I would like to consider some counterparty-specific agreement to solve this 
problem.  What do you think of a side agreement among both KN entities and 
Enron which specifies that a user ID and password have been issued to both of 
KN's legal entities jointly and severally and that transactions for certain 
products (e.g. all financial products) entered into under that user ID and 
password will be deemed executed by KN Trading (their financial trading 
entity) and all others will be deemed executed by KN Marketing (their 
physical entity)?  Do you see any problems here?  Issues re: joint & several 
liability under the ETA but not the Transactions?
Let me know if you need further clarification of the problem.
I haven't run this by Louise yet - she may raise system or commercial 
objections.
Mark
We continue to struggle with the issue of counterparties trading under the 
wrong name.
KN Trading typically does financial trades, KN Marketing typically does 
physical trading.  We issued seperate ID's to accomadate this however they 
have traded physical this am with KN Trading.  I discussed this with KN 
(Shawn Magovern) and he expressed great frustration with the idea of running 
seperate machines or web sessions.  Shawn asked us to consider what options 
might be available downstream.  His comment was that they will just have to 
turn the system off and that brokers understand their business and apply the 
company name appropriately.   I explained to Shawn that he can control the 
access of his traders and avoid issues in the future however it does require 
them to transact under the appropriate ID 
Can we develop some form of agreement that would allow us to "automatically" 
assign transaction according to some strict guidelines (I know this is like a 
Power of Attorney)?  Can we look at systematic enhancements in the future 
which would allow for contractual arrangements based on the product?
I would like to get back with Shawn if we can suggest any other options.
My comments are marked below in red.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 03:35:59 PM
Please approve or offer comments:
Marcello Romano
12/15/99 02:53 PM
Looks fine - we need to get authorisation now.
M
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 01:48:29 PM
Index:  Gas Daily WAHA
Abbreviation: Waha
Sort Code: 3530
The Index for a calendar day shall be the average of the Common High and 
Common Low prices published for such calendar day under the heading "Daily 
Price Survey" in the Permian Basin Area: Tex intras, Waha area section of Gas 
Daily, or if a calendar day is not a Business Day then the price for such 
calendar day will be the average of the Common High and Common Low prices 
published on the next succeeding Business Day.
Should the word "area" after "Waha" be capitalized?
On some Gas Daily products we are switching to the Gas Daily posted average is this one of those?  Bob Bowen has been looking into this also.
Same "calendar day" comment on the Gas Daily index.  "Succeeding" should have 
two c's.
On the Nymex index, what are we taking the "unweighed average" of?  This 
isn't clear to me.  Should "la" towards the end be capitalized?
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 03:42:28 PM
Please approve or offer comments:
David Forster
12/15/99 02:19 PM
Change the spelling of Louisiana.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 08:02:09 PM
Can you please check on this?  I thought we had wire-transferred the money to 
Sullvian & Cromwell.
CERRATOC@sullcrom.com on 12/17/99 11:41:07 AM
I checked our records and the Enron/On-line invoice was not paid.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
Looks good to me!
Dale Neuner on 12/17/99 10:11:50 AM
See attached; please revert.
Same "calendar day" comment on the Gas Daily index. FIXED. "Succeeding" 
should have two c's.FIXED.
On the Nymex index, what are we taking the "unweighed average" of?  This 
isn't clear to me. ME EITHER - FIXED. 
Should "la" towards the end be capitalized? YES; FIXED.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 03:42:28 PM
Please approve or offer comments:
David Forster
12/15/99 02:19 PM
Change the spelling of Louisiana.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 08:02:09 PM
Here is a draft letter to the Exchange requesting permission to effect the 
Seagull transfer 
Green
Dale Neuner on 12/17/99 09:49:14 AM
Mine are in BLUE; please revert.
My comments are marked below in red.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 03:35:59 PM
Please approve or offer comments:
Marcello Romano
12/15/99 02:53 PM
Looks fine - we need to get authorisation now.
M
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 01:48:29 PM
Index:  Gas Daily WAHA
Abbreviation: Waha
Sort Code: 3530
The Index for a calendar day shall be the average of the Daily Midpoint 
prices published for such calendar day under the heading "Daily Price Survey" 
in the Permian Basin Area: Tex intras, Waha area section of Gas Daily, or if 
a calendar day is not a Business Day then the price for such calendar day 
will be the average of the Common High and Common Low prices published on the 
next succeeding Business Day.
Should the word "area" after "Waha" be capitalized? It's not capitalized in 
the Gas Daily publication - so to consistent with the publication I did not 
capitalize.
On some Gas Daily products we are switching to the Gas Daily posted average is this one of those?  Bob Bowen has been looking into this also. See above.
As per Gary's request, here is the revised letter.  If you will send the 
executed copies to me, I will arrange to have them signed on behalf of Enron.
Mark,
The Confidentiality Agreement must be addressed to Enron and printed on
Cemex letterhead, so please send the modified document to Cindy in an 
electronic
format (ie Word via email).  Cindy will then print out two originals on our
letterhead and send you both originals for signature by Enron.   Thanks, GPB
GARY BURNS
12/17/99 07:21 PM
Mark,
Our attorney said that modifying the attached Agreement so that the
protected party is " CEMEX USA Management, Inc., as well as its affiliates
(CEMEX), " is acceptable.  Please make the required changes and send the
document to my secretary, Cindy Evangelista.   I am on vacation until 
1/4/2000,
but will try to progress the signing of the Agreement while I'm gone  ,
GPB
Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year.
(See attached file: CA - Cemex2.doc)
- CA - Cemex2.doc
Good catch!  And I agree, we're done.
Dale Neuner on 12/20/99 07:53:10 AM
BOLD  - AND I THINK WE"RE DONE 
Green
Dale Neuner on 12/17/99 09:49:14 AM
Mine are in BLUE; please revert.
My comments are marked below in red.
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 03:35:59 PM
Please approve or offer comments:
Marcello Romano
12/15/99 02:53 PM
Looks fine - we need to get authorisation now.
M
Dale Neuner on 12/15/99 01:48:29 PM
Index:  Gas Daily WAHA
Abbreviation: Waha
Sort Code: 3530
The Index for a calendar day shall be the average of the Daily Midpoint 
prices published for such calendar day under the heading "Daily Price Survey" 
in the Permian Basin Area: Tex intras, Waha area section of Gas Daily, or if 
a calendar day is not a Business Day then the price for such calendar day 
will be the [average of the Common High and Common Low] DAILY MIDPOINT price 
published on the next succeeding Business Day.
Should the word "area" after "Waha" be capitalized? It's not capitalized in 
the Gas Daily publication - so to consistent with the publication I did not 
capitalize.
On some Gas Daily products we are switching to the Gas Daily posted average is this one of those?  Bob Bowen has been looking into this also. See above.
You can send it to :
Mark Taylor
Thanks!
Mark,
What is the address I need to send the agreement to?  Please let me know and I
will have it sent over by messenger.
Thanks!
Cindy
As per Gary's request, here is the revised letter.  If you will send the
executed copies to me, I will arrange to have them signed on behalf of Enron.
(See attached file: CA-CEMEX-ENA.doc)
Mark,
The Confidentiality Agreement must be addressed to Enron and printed on
Cemex letterhead, so please send the modified document to Cindy in an 
electronic
format (ie Word via email).  Cindy will then print out two originals on our
letterhead and send you both originals for signature by Enron.   Thanks, GPB
GARY BURNS
12/17/99 07:21 PM
Mark,
Our attorney said that modifying the attached Agreement so that the
protected party is " CEMEX USA Management, Inc., as well as its affiliates
(CEMEX), " is acceptable.  Please make the required changes and send the
document to my secretary, Cindy Evangelista.   I am on vacation until 
1/4/2000,
but will try to progress the signing of the Agreement while I'm gone  ,
GPB
Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year.
(See attached file: CA - Cemex2.doc)
- CA - Cemex2.doc
- CA-CEMEX-ENA.doc
Adele:
Here is a draft of a letter agreement amending the online Electronic Trading 
Agreement.  Please let me know if it is ok and I will have a copy executed 
and faxed over to you.
My apologies for the delay - I thought I had sent this to you last week but I 
can't find any record of it so I must not have done it.
Mark
Where do I go to see the products?
Dale Neuner on 12/20/99 08:58:21 AM
I have completed my review of the Weather Products and they look good to go. 
Please review and offer your approval or comments.
Dale
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you.  I never did come up with a good 
solution last year to the "cat climbing the Christmas tree" problem except 
fastening the glass ornaments really tight so when she climbed up inside the 
tree they didn't shake off.  This year she seems content to just hide 
underneath the tree and hasn't been climbing up inside it - maybe she's just 
gotten too big.  I agree that the mouse traps sound mean - what about 
double-sided tape?  I understand the cats hate stepping on the sticky stuff 
so will leave the area alone afterwards (this was suggested as a 
discouragement to jumping on kitchen countertops but might work under the 
tree).  And of course, the lower branches of the tree are reserved for wooden 
and metal ornaments - nothing breakable 
Christmas is coming again, and in reviewing our mail, I came across your
"problem".  Did you come up with any solution?? A friend of ours (non-cat
owner) suggested putting mouse traps under the tree - a couple of paw snaps
and maybe no more??  Sounded cruel to me, especially for my oldest cat (13
years).
We have used pepper in some cases in the garden, but in the house, this
would probably be more damaging to the humans than our 4 footed friends      If you have had any luck last year, please let us know, and we can post
it on our web page which we are revising.  Others would find it interesting
and perhaps amusing as well.
Looking forward to seeing you again this Christmas,
Peter from Ticonderoga Farms
 Any suggestions on how to discourage the cat from climbing up inside the
 Christmas tree?  Of course, we put the wooden and plastic ornaments on
 the lower branches so they won't be damaged when the cat plays with them
 but when she climbs up inside the tree the upper branches wave about and
 I'm afraid the glass ornaments up there will be shaken off.