means the =01&Daily Midpoint=018 price set forth in Gas Dailyc (Financial Times=20
Energy), or successor publication, in the column "Daily Price Survey" under=20
the listing applicable to the geographic location closest in proximity to the=20
Delivery Point(s) for the relevant gas day.  If there is no single =01&Daily=20
Midpoint=018 price published for that particular Gas Day, but there is published=20
a "Common" range of prices under the above column and listing, then the Spot=20
Price shall be the average of such =01&Common=018 high and low prices.  In the=20
event that no =01+Daily Midpoint=018 price or =01&Common=018 range of prices is published=20
for that particular Gas Day, then the Spot Price shall be the average of the=20
following: the price (determined as stated above) for each of the first Gas=20
Day immediately preceding and following the Gas Day in which the default=20
occurred for which a Spot Price can be determined.
Gerald Nemec
05/29/2001 08:07 PM
Barry, For your review.
Debra,  Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal.  ASAP
Russell Diamond/ENRON@Xgate
05/30/2001 10:13 AM
Please see attached a credit worksheet as requested.
Thanks
Russell
Russell, pls set up credit terms for customer for transactions under the 
physical, which may include pricing amemdments. i.e. the MTM risk may sit 
under the physical agreement 
At this time, we are not going to pursue the execution of a deemed ISDA and 
any price amendments will be handled physicaly. 
Call if there are any questions. 
BT 
Francisco,
Attached is a credit worksheet for a draft deemed ISDA.
Thanks
Russell
Attached is the revised Agency Agreement per our discussion and your notes A clean and redlined version are provided.  Please review.
FYI
Gerald Nemec
05/30/2001 11:04 AM
Attached is the revised Agency Agreement per our discussion and your notes A clean and redlined version are provided.  Please review.
Please see the attached memo.
Per Barry's request, attached is the Agency and Management Services Agreement 
We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should forward shortly.
We received the power of attorney and bylaws you emailed.  I had a Spanish 
speaking attorney in our office assist me with their review.  The bylaws look 
fine. We would like you to follow up with a certified copy in the mail.   For 
now can you confirm via a response to this email, that these are the latest 
bylaws on file 
He noted that under the Power of Attorney, it would be required that two of 
the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of attorney documentation, 
execute our agreements.  Can you confirm?  Would be happy to discuss this 
with you.
Thank you for your cooperation 
Gerald Nemec
Attorney
ENA Legal
Phone number is (713) 853-3512.
arlanz@mexis.com (Armando Lanz)
05/30/2001 02:28 PM
The By-Laws are the ones we sent by fax to Barry L. ??  And yes, these are 
the latest that the company has.? The other question  that you have about 
having 2 people executing the agreements.? Yes it is  necessary that 2 of 
those will need to sign.? One of them will be Genaro  Larrea Mota Velazco and 
I believe that the other one will be Daniel Tellechea  Salido (this I will 
have to confirm)
?
Which is your phone number ?? I may be calling you  between?the next couple 
of hours.
Saludos,
?
Armando Lanz Oliver
Lanz Consultores en Energia  S.C.
Rodolfo Gaona # 6 Despacho 103, Col. Lomas de Sotelo
Naucalpan, Edo  de Mex CP 53390
Tel: 555 757 88
Fax: 555 757 95
Cel: 044 5502  0308
Biper: 5447 1111 cve 801  9581
Per Barry's request, attached is the Agency and  Management Services
(See attached  file: Agency & Management Agreement2.doc)(See attached file:
EPNG  Agency Agr.doc)
We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should  forward shortly.
We received the power of attorney and bylaws you  emailed.? I had a Spanish
speaking attorney in our office assist me  with their review.? The bylaws
look fine. We would like you to follow  up with a certified copy in the
mail.?? For now can you confirm  via a response to this email, that these
are the latest bylaws on  file?
?He noted that under the Power of Attorney, it would be  required that two
of the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of  attorney documentation,
execute our agreements.? Can you  confirm?? Would be happy to discuss this
with you.
Thank you  for your cooperation.
Gerald Nemec
Attorney
ENA  Legal
Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated 
GTC.  Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and 
Management Agreement.  A few minor tweaks were made.  We also added some 
information requirements concerning your gas supply deals.  Please review Thanks for your help.
Becky,  I attended the Thursday session.  Please send me the paperwork I need 
to get the CLE credits.  Thanks.
Sara Davidson/ENRON@Xgate
05/30/2001 04:03 PM
We have received inquiries from several attorneys who attended only the 
Thursday session of the Enron Corp. Law Conference in San Antonio.  If you 
have not already contacted someone about CLE credit for Thursday,  please 
send an e-mail to Becky Zikes stating that you attended the Thursday 
session.  This will enable you to claim 3.50 hours total credit, with 1.25 
hours ethics credit for Thursday.  If you have any questions, please contact 
Becky Zikes at 3-1843, or Diane Goode at 5-7103.   Please respond by 
Thursday, May 31 since we need to finalize our CLE filings with the various 
state bar organizations. 
If you wish to receive CPE credit (for certified public accountants) for the 
Law Conference, please  send an e-mail to Becky Zikes and we will get the 
appropriate certificate prepared.  Again, any questions should be directed to 
Becky Zikes at 3-1843, or Diane Goode at 5-7103. 
Thanks for your help.
Where were you guys?  I really need help.  In fact I need it so badly that I 
waited at Kenneally's until 2:00 am 
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/18/99 12:23:07 PM
Date: October 18, 1999
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
I think we need to do an intervention w/ Gerald; he went to Sam's Boat Last
night w/ his brother.  Well we need to at least get our SCUBA stuff out of his
car before he sells it for cocktail money.
OUT!
eric
Brian,  Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list (revised based on 
our meeting) with a short cover letter.  I addressed the cover letter from 
you to Robert Morgan.  If that is not correct let me know.  I am sending a 
hard copy of these docs for your signature.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Rae,  Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy 
of the response.  I need to fill in Bridgeline's complete address on the 
cover letter.  Please check with Keagan to see if she has the address.
Gerald Nemec
05/30/2001 07:30 PM
Brian,  Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list (revised based on 
our meeting) with a short cover letter.  I addressed the cover letter from 
you to Robert Morgan.  If that is not correct let me know.  I am sending a 
hard copy of these docs for your signature.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Resending per your voicemail.
Gerald Nemec
05/30/2001 06:33 PM
Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated 
GTC.  Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and 
Management Agreement.  A few minor tweaks were made.  We also added some 
information requirements concerning your gas supply deals.  Please review Thanks for your help.
Sounds good.  Let me know if you need anything else.
Brian Redmond/ENRON@Xgate
05/31/2001 08:22 AM
Gerald,
I have revised the letter slightly to address it to Randy Curry and will send 
it out from here.
Thanks for the effort.
Brian
Brian,  Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list (revised based on 
our meeting) with a short cover letter.  I addressed the cover letter from 
you to Robert Morgan.  If that is not correct let me know.  I am sending a 
hard copy of these docs for your signature.  Let me know if you have any 
questions.
Louis,  Please approve a parking subsidy for Nabil Nachawati, a summer law 
clerk, in the legal dept.  My RC# is 105659, and the CO# is 0413.  Let me 
know if you need any further information.
Gerald Nemec
Attached is the executable Agency and Management Agreement Document.  Please 
print out and execute and fax back to Barry for ENA's execution.  We will fax 
back a fully executed copy.  Please note that as we discussed, two of the 
gentlemen listed in Mexicana  de Cobre's power of attorney must execute 
Will will follow up with hardcopy orginals for execution with all the 
exhibits in the mail or delivered by Barry.  Thank You.
Forgot to mention earlier.  Please fill in the notice information on the 
executable copy of the Agency Agreement.  Thanks
Greg,  The revisions made by Brazos Valley are acceptable.  They can prepare 
the executable, sign and forward to HPL for signature.  Let me know if you 
have any questions.
Greg Brazaitis
05/30/2001 09:12 AM
Gerald,
Please review and comment.
Thanks,
Greg
Greg,
The attached file contains comments to the HPL Guaranty Agreement.  Please
review and let me know if the revisions are acceptable.
Thanks,
Freddy Sanches, P.E.
Vice President, Economics and Finance
STEAG Power LLC
Three Riverway, Suite 1100
Houston, TX  77056
(713) 499-1162  Direct
(713) 499-1167  Fax
(713) 569-4338  Mobile
freddy.sanches@steagpower.com
- HPL GUARANTY.doc
Ken,  I made the revisions left in your phone mail.  Let me know if you want 
me to prepare executables.  Thanks.
Unfortunately I will be out of the country during that time.  Please tell 
Barry thanks for the offer!
Jessica Presas/ENRON@Xgate
05/31/2001 09:06 AM
Barry Tycholiz would like to invite you to an Astros game on Thursday, July 
12 @ 7:05 p.m.
Please let me know if you can attend.
Thanks,
Jessica Presas
"Baker, Kathryn"  	10/14/99 09:47 AM
We have accepted your suggested revision to Article 13 of the Agency and 
Management Agreement.  Attached is a new executable with the language 
revised.   Also attached for execution are the gas purchase confirm and 
associated GTC for the gas purchase through Monday June 4.  The GTC was 
revised to remove the $0.15 per MMBtu liquidated damages.  Thanks.
Greg,  Attached is the executable for Brazos Valley Energy, L.P.
Thanks, and Good Luck with AEP.  If you need any follow up on this please 
feel free to call me.
Gerald
Attached are the final documents which includes
1.  Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the 
changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts
2.  Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4, 2001
3.  Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30, 2001
4.  Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31, 2001
5.  GTC which applies to all three confirms
6.  Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for 
notice of Enron's agency.
Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution.  Thanks for all 
your cooperation.
Gerald Nemec
06/01/2001 04:22 PM
Attached are the final documents which includes
1.  Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the 
changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts
2.  Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4, 2001
3.  Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30, 2001
4.  Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31, 2001
5.  GTC which applies to all three confirms
6.  Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for 
notice of Enron's agency.
Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution.  Thanks for all 
your cooperation.
Kim,  Attached are the revised documents for Palo Alto.  The documents are 
revised to reflect the deal term comments that the City forwarded.  I changed 
the name of the document to Natural Gas Services Agreement to address their 
concerns about a non commodity agreement.  I have also added language 
requiring a City Council resolution to for this document.  Instead of a legal 
opinion, we would require the City Attorney to approve both the Natural Gas 
Services and Transaction Agreements.  In included a redline of the services 
agreement from the prior version.  The Transaction Agreement would not 
redline on MS word for some reason.  I will request my assistant to redline 
it for you on Monday using comparewrite.  If you need help prior to my 
return, please coordinate with Jeff Hodge.  Please forward these documents to 
the City if you are okay with them.   Thanks.
Rae,  Please redline the No4 against the original No3 on compare write and 
forward via email to Kim Ward.  MS word would not redline correctly.
"Gillaspie, Eric"  	06/01/2001 10:50 AM
Jon's latest 
Eric Gillaspie
Counsel
Shell Trading Gas and Power Company
Tel. 713-230-3576
Fax 713-265-3576
2HC 1036
OK Kids:
This will be one of your last major briefings before your Mars landing. Good
luck cosmonauts! Remember one thing: the Martians are a little weird from
our standpoint, but essentially they are harmless and good-natured bipeds
like us. Now, let's begin with the pre-landing meeting.
ERIC/DAN'S GROUP:
Shanghai hotel: Jin Chang Hotel.
Hotel price: $37 USD/night (300 yuan).
Heather's single room rate: $27 USD/night.
Tour package price: $34 USD total/person (280 yuan) this price is for June
5-8.
Meals: Meals not included in package. Your group will need to arrange and
pay for your own meals with the assistance of your guide/translator. Your
translator will accompany you to the restaurants if you wish. He/she can
help you order and suggest dishes which represent the local Shanghai
cuisine. Go ahead and pay for your guide's meal if you choose to bring them
along for dinner (it won't be very expensive). This option will give you
more freedom.
Admission tickets: Also not included in the tour package. You'll need to pay
for admission to the Yu Yuan Gardens, Yu Fo Si (Buddhist Temple), Shanghai
Art Museum, etc.
Airport service: Jin Chang Hotel staff will pick you up at Pudong Airport in
Shanghai. Ai Ping and I will accompany them and meet you. They'll also take
you and the rest of the group to the airport on June 8th for your flight to
Qingdao.
We got a special hotel rate for the group through one of Ai Ping's friends,
Lucy Hong. Her company, Rosemont Corp. (Dallas, TX), has a special
arrangement with the hotel. When you check in you should tell the clerks
that you're checkin in under the Rosemont Corp's name so as to receive the
special discount. Don't worry- we'll be there to assist you when you check
in.
MOM/DAD'S GROUP:
Hotel name: Jin Chang Hotel, same as above.
Hotel price: $37 USD/night (300 yuan), same as above.
Tour package price: $24 USD total/person, reduced price because one day less
in Shanghai.
Airport service: Jin Chang Hotel staff will pick you up at the airport and
take you to the airport for your Qingdao flight on June 8th.]
Note: you also need to check-in under the Rosemont Corp. name.
JEFF/CATHY:
Hotel name: Jin Chang Hotel, same as above.
Hotel price: same as above.
No tour package.
Airport service: none. You'll need to take a taxi into Shanghai from Pudong
Airport. You could also take a bus, but I'm not sure which of the 4-5 buses
you would need to take. Jeff, I'll have Ai Ping try and send you the Hotel
name and address in Chinese so you can just show it to the taxi driver. I'm
not sure whether or not your computer will accept Chinese script, but we'll
give it a try. The Jin Chang Hotel is relatively new, so most of the taxi
drivers don't know where it is without a little assistance. Not to worry,
we'll figure something out to make sure you don't end up in Chengdu after
your trans-Pacific hop.
You'll join the rest of the group the following morning on the hotel bus to
the airport for your Qingdao flight.
THE FOLLOWING ARE THE NAMES AND PHONE NUMBERS FOR THE VARIOUS HOTELS YOU'LL
BE STAYING IN:
SHANGHAI: Jin Chang Hotel
Telephone: 021-6298 8899
QINGDAO: Donghai Hotel
Telephone: 053-2388 7070
BEIJING: Beijing International Hotel
Telephone: 010-6512 6688
When you call these numbers you should say in perfect Mandarin, "Qian tai."
This means "front desk." Then start blabbing in your most unintelligible
English. The hotel staff will then understand that they've got a foreign
devil on the line making trouble, and they'll find someone who can speak
Chinglish with you.
Ai Ping and Jon Gillaspie's mobile phone number: 013033511842.
We got Ai Ping's cell phone hooked up again specifically to assist all
parties in their entrance to the middle kingdom. Do not hesitate to call us
any any time of the day if you need help. I'm serious!
Ai Ping's beeper number: 1922202866. You can use this number also.
BEIJING TOUR PACKAGE DETAILS:
Hotel name: Beijing International Hotel, 5 star hotel.
Hotel price: $70 USD/night (570 yuan).
Total package price: $550 USD/couple total.
This price does not include beverages (ie. in restaurants we buy the booze).
We'll also need to pay for the roast Beijing duck dinner, and the Xinjiang
restaurant dinner (Chinese Muslim cuisine).
Tour package itinerary: same as before with some minor changes; will inform
group of changes tomorrow.
That's all for now folks. I'm spent, and can no longer look at a computer
monitor without becoming cross-eyed. More info will be sent tomorrow. Any
questions: you know who to contact. Zaijian comrades, may the proletarian
revolution continue!
The East is Red,
Jon Gillaspie
Shonnie,  Attached are my comments per our discussion.
Mark,  Attached are rough drafts of the following documents for the noted 
projects:
Bay Gas Storage
1.  Draft CSA
2.  Draft Lease Agreement
3.  Draft O&M Agreement
Oakhill
1.  Draft CSA
2.  Draft O&M Agreement for Hanover to provide maintenance.
Please note that these are really rough based on the limited information 
available at this time.  I did not provide a lease agreement for Oakhill as 
you indicated Hanover would finance/lease the Electric Motor Drivers to ECS If Hanover is providing a straight lease, the lease for Bay Gas could be 
used.  If Hanover is providing a purchase option, the lease agreement would 
need to be modified for the purchase option.  My suggestion is to provide 
these forms to the customer with the caveat that as the commercial terms are 
fine tuned, these drafts will be modified.  But this gives them the basic 
idea.   In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal 
support in the event you cannot wait until I return.  Thanks.
Mark,  I forgot to mention in my earlier note, that for the parking/storage 
arrangement with Bay Gas, I would request their form of storage agreement.  I 
makes more sense to have a separate agreement cover the parking arrange as 
this is really independent of the compression services.  These storage 
company typically have their own agreement that not bad and usually won't use 
the counterparties paper.
GT,   Big game this week!  I heard ESPN Gameday is even going to be in 
Austin.  Sounds pretty cool.  OK if I crash at your place again?  I am 
planning on coming in early Saturday morning right now 
"Gillaspie, Eric"  	05/30/2001 08:53 AM
FYI, a message from Jon
Eric Gillaspie
Counsel
Shell Trading Gas and Power Company
Tel. 713-230-3576
Fax 713-265-3576
2HC 1036
Eric:
Am in the process of arranging your Shanghai leg of the journey. Will set up
a package that allows you to choose meals. I think you should have a little
guidance in your explorations of the Shanghai area. Shanghai is a friggin
mad-house (16 million people) and if you ain't got the language skills
they will bend you over a rickshaw and ride you like a poodle. So- let me
set up your hotel and sightseeing for you. You can break loose from the
"tour group" vibe later in Qingdao. Keep in mind that you'll be in a
relatively small group (ie. it won't be a Greyhound bus packed full of
gawking blue-hairs). I'll send full Shanghai details when the biz is
finished later today 
In   to the Beijing leg, we altered the itinerary to suit our needs.
We knocked out the bullshit and kept the bliss nuggets. You should have a
traditional Beijing roast duck dinner (it rocks!) and you should experience
Beijing Opera at least once in your life. We'll see the Beijing Opera in a
famous Beijing teahouse while sucking tea and brews and nibbling on pickled
chicken feet and other assorted delicacies. We knocked out the full two-hour
Beijing Opera performance that would have been later in the week. We'll be
staying in a Wangfujing hotel. Wangfujing is the trendy shopping street in
downtown Beijing; should make the wives happy. It'll be $70 USD/night.
Will send full Beijing details when we've finished the haggling and cheating
rituals that make life so wonderful in the middle kingdom.
Take care, guyeee.
Love,
Jon
what's the scoop on the Beijing Opera?