A 1960 Moment
 Al Gore's selection of Joe Lieberman gives Democrats--and everyone
 else--something to cheer about.
 BY PEGGY NOONAN
 Monday August 7, 2000 4:26 p.m. EDT
 The choice of Joe Lieberman of Connecticut as Al Gore's running mate is so
 smart, so clever, so good, so satisfying, so striking that it just may
 turn
 this election a bit on its head for a while. Certainly its most immediate
 effect is going to be a successful Democratic convention next week in Los
 Angeles, because now the Democrats, badly hit by their own form of Clinton
 fatigue and acutely aware of the particular charmlessness of their
 presidential candidate, have something to cheer about. They respect Joe
 Lieberman. They think he has a center, a moral and ethical view of the
 world. He is experienced and articulate. He is decent and intelligent. He
 is
 independent. The media love him. He is a regular co-star on Imus, and all
 of
 the columnists and reporters for the elite newspapers, and all of the
 electronic pundits and anchors, know him and admire him.
 But that is not what is most wonderful. What is most wonderful is that he
 is
 an Orthodox Jew. What does this mean? It means a lot of people who love
 America more than they love parties or politics are happy that a big and
 great breakthrough has occurred. A friend, a journalist who is politically
 conservative and Jewish, e-mailed me to tell me he had been weeping all
 morning, that he'd cried when he heard the news. Another friend, a
 producer at a TV news show, called and told me she woke her father in
 California to give him the news and they both got choked up. "This is like
 1960," she said, and I said I know, and I got choked up. It is wonderful
 when America is at her most American, and breaks down another barrier and
 says "What's in your heart is most important."
 If Joe Lieberman had been Joe Lee, and an Episcopalian, Al Gore would have
 been smart to pick him. He would have been an obvious choice. The only
 reason he would have hesitated over Mr. Lieberman is that he's Jewish. Mr.
 Gore decided that was just fine. I think that I have never seen Al Gore do
 such an elegant, intelligent and original thing. Well done, Mr. Gore.
 I have to tell you, this really does feel like a 1960 moment to me. I was
 a
 little girl when a Catholic got chosen to run for president, and I had
 gathered from the conversation of grownups that You Don't Elect Catholics
 to the Presidency. When it happened, it's hard to describe how exciting
 and
 moving and idealism-inspiring it was. It gave a lot of people a lot of
 joy.
 It opened things up more. That was a good thing. So is this.
 And because this is such a good thing, I hope everyone of whatever
 politics
 or persuasion sits back for a few days and feels good about it. Everyone
 should be nice and not do any political bashing until . . . Friday.
 However, I think it's okay and maybe even helpful to note the following.
 Network producers are going to decide, in their bright and touchingly
 uninformed minds, that the big opponents of the Lieberman choice will be
 Christian conservatives. That's where they'll go for the negative sound
 bites. But Christian conservatives love Joe Lieberman. They've been arm in
 arm with him in the great cultural battles of the past decade. He was just
 about the only Democrat who'd give them the time of day. He was on their
 side.
 The last time I saw Mr. Lieberman was last spring, in New York, at a
 symposium on Hollywood and the culture. I moderated and introduced our
 guests--Joe Lieberman and Bill Bennett, who are close friends and
 co-warriors in the values battle. Lieberman and Bennett very frankly
 talked
 to the audience of producers and writers and network people and movie
 stars about how to make television and film and music more decent, more
 helpful.
 This is how people on the right think of and have experienced Mr.
 Lieberman--as a good guy with his head screwed on right.
 Many conservative Christians--I think most conservative Christians--see
 all
 of those who love God as part of the same "cultural minority."
 Conservative
 Christians don't feel they have much in common, in terms of their
 political
 desires, with atheists and agnostics and leftist Episcopalian bishops and
 such. But they think they have a great deal in common with Orthodox Jews.
 They crowd around Rabbi Daniel Lapin when he speaks at a conservative
 gathering; they crowd around Dennis Prager, Michael Medved, David Horowitz
 and scores of others. One of the biggest heroes of conservative Christians
 is an Orthodox Jew called Dr. Laura; the last time I saw her she was
 wowing them at a born-again Christian assembly at the National Prayer
 Breakfast last February.
 A powerful and respected political officeholder told me Monday that
 there's
 "no upside" to the Lieberman choice. I told him there's no downside. He
 was surprised and said, "He can't even campaign on Saturdays!" I said so
 what, America would love to see a politician who actually put God first
 one day a week.
 I wish I'd added this: Remember Sandy Koufax? Joe Lieberman not
 campaigning on Saturday is Sandy Koufax not pitching on Yom Kippur. There
 were a lot of great sports moments in the 1950s and 1960s, but none
 greater than the day in 1965 when Mr. Koufax put God before the World
 Series. What a great guy, what a lesson for a generation of Christian and
 Jewish kids. And Muslims and everyone else too.
 Yes, it's good news for Hillary. It's great news for Hillary. It enlivens
 part of her New York base, it says to New York Jews that the Democrats are
 the party that did this great thing, it excites people--and may help them
 forget, or at least not remember so vividly, that the Democratic
 senatorial
 candidate has, shall we say, a not fully satisfying relationship with New
 York's Jews. A historic choice like the Mr. Lieberman can overwhelm a lot
 of
 previous bad static.
 But let's not care about that for now. The headline is not "Is It Good for
 Hillary?" The headline is: "It Is Good for America." It is a wonderful
 country that does something like this, that takes a good man who is a
 member of a small ethnic/religious minority to be one of its two major
 vice
 presidential candidates, and that greets that choice with resounding
 hurrahs.
 This is really a great day. We should all be happy. We really are a
 maturing
 democracy.
revised version
Maureen McVicker
01/29/2001 06:34 PM
Here it is:
any interest?
Marty Sunde@EES
01/23/2001 03:45 PM
Steve:
On Tuesday, January 30, 2001, selected business units within EES will be 
sharing their business and marketing plans for 2001. These plans incorporate 
the lessons learned from last's year activities. The Bear Trap program was 
initiated two years ago to help our Origination teams filter down the 
universe of prospects to those offering the best probability of closing 
deals. 
This year we will have the most comprehensive Bear Trap session ever.  We 
want you to be part of this exciting process and to broaden the relationship 
we have with you and your teams.  Come and join me on Tuesday, January 30th, 
at the Aerial Theater in Bayou Place, downtown Houston, starting at 7:00 AM 
with breakfast and continuing until 5:30 PM.  If you have not RSVP'd yet, 
please have your office call Julie Davidson at x- 36882 to confirm your 
attendance.
.
Marty Sunde
Expense Server@_Development
01/02/2001 01:28 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/12/2001 04:15 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/12/2001 04:46 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/18/2001 02:51 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/22/2001 03:46 PM
have you handled already?
Expense Server@_Development
01/02/2001 01:28 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/12/2001 04:15 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/12/2001 04:46 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/18/2001 02:51 PM
Expense Server@_Development
01/22/2001 03:46 PM
meeting file
Peter Styles@ECT
01/19/2001 11:11 AM
Fiona: Thanks - I would be OK with title. 
Steve: Have talked to Mark about fitting in some other visits for you in 
Brussels/ Madrid/ London if you can come over for Eurelectric event. 
Fiona Grant
17/01/2001 10:11
Will try to get confirmation from Steve/Maureen McVicker today!  I'll be back 
in touch...FG
aaguado@eurelectric.org on 17/01/2001 08:06:06
Dear Peter,
We are very happy with your suggestion and we would like to propose that the
presentation also includes the interactions between power and gas trading
and access to networks, since the conference is about the convergence of
these two sectors.
We would be very greatful if you could identify the speaker and the title of
the presentation during the following days so that this can be included in
the programme as soon as possible and go for final printing.
What do you think about a title like?: Trading of gas and electricity and
access to networks : what does the California experience learn us?
and thank you agan.
Ana
Reverting to you after some delay, Ana, I confirm our willingness to
provide a senior speaker. We may be able to secure a Houston-based
corporate executive level Managing Director if you can give us the latitude
to introduce the subject of experiences in California and lessons for the
European power markets. This would still be a trading and wholesale
perspective, and indeed the lessons relate partly to issues of power
imports and exports across state boundaries. What do you think?
,
Peter.
calendar
Rebecca Carter
Sent by: Kelly Johnson
01/24/2001 03:54 PM
Did you see Peggy Noonan's article?  Shapiro and I are getting misty eyed.
"Painter, Sally" 
10:45:04 AM
Sent by: "Russell, Rhonda"  > Great Press on Lieberman.  See below.