Take a look at this for me.  Thanks.
DG
Darron:
I am trying to track an origination for Fred Lagrasta.  Sherry Dawson said you would probably be the one to grant this origination.  The deal is HS Energy and the Deal number is V58190.  Fred would like to have this granted in April, so if I need to give you any additional information please let me know.
Thanks
Trey Hardy
I must be jinxed.  Kristi and I are leaving for Chicago tomorrow and will be there through the weekend.  So we will not be there on Saturday.  Sorry.  We really wanted to come.  We are going to see the 'Stros play at Wrigley on Thursday afternoon.  It should be fun.  See ya.
DG
Hey guys,
This is a reminder that the Crawfish Boil is this Saturday at our house.
We usually get started around 2:00 and go on until late.  Drop by anytime.
Everyone is welcome and feel free to bring friends and family.  We'll have
140-160 pounds of mudbugs so there's always enough for everyone.  There'll
be a couple of kegs.  You may want to bring a blanket or chair to sit on.
A quick reminder on getting here:
+ Go West on Corporate Drive from I-35 or 121 Business.
+ Go through SS at Edmonds
+ Go until you pass about 10 streets on your right.
+ Start looking for Brittany Drive on your right.
+ Turn right on Brittany.  The street turns to the left.
+ We are the last house on the left.  (901 Brittany - 2 Story Grey brick
with flag)
If you want to pull the map off of MapBlast, our address is 901 Brittany
Drive, Lewisville, 75067.
There is also parking on the street next to ours in front of the field (on
Regency)
Hm 972-459-3938     Cell 214-632-1981
Look forward to seeing you.
BW & VW
I can't remember if I RSVP'd or not.  I will be there with my wife.  Thanks.
DG
Mike,
In my opinion Onkyo is just a better quality product than Kenwood, thus the price discrepancy.  I (and this is just me) would not buy a Kenwood.  I would buy Onkyo, Denon, Yamaha, or Harman Kardon.  These are more expensive, but I think better than Sony, Kenwood, JVC, Technics, and Pioneer.  The Onkyo 696 is a great receiver.  And I know you can beat the Crutchfield price.  The sites I would check out are onecall.com, soundcity.com, jandr.com, hifi.com.  You also need to look at audioreview.com.  You can see other peoples opinions of products they have actually purchased.  It is a great site.  They will also indicate where they purchased the equipment and how much they paid.  On those sites to buy that I mentioned, you need to call and talk to someone.  They will give you a better price than advertised on the internet.  Give me a call @ 713-853-9573.  I leave for Chicago later this afternoon.
DG
Darron,
What's going on?  How are Kristi and the kids?  How is that Mustang running?
Hey, I finally got the Tahoe.  Still trying to sell the TA..interested?
Just kidding.  Hey, I am starting to look at receivers and had a question or
two (I got the latest Crutchfield Magazine - what website did Scott use to
order his stuff 
How important is THX Select/Ultra?
Onkyo has a couple of receivers (TX-DS595 and TX-DS696 for $500 and $800)
that have Dolby Digital, DTS, and Dolby Pro Logic II, and 0.08% THD at
75watts X  5 and 0.08% THD at 100 watts X 5 (both 20 - 20 khz), but are not
THX Select.
If you want THX Select on an Onkyo, you are looking at prices of $1000 and
up.
Kenwood has a new one (VR-510) that has THX Select, Dolby Digital, DTS and
Pro Logic II, but it has 0.7% THD at 110watts X 5 (20-20khz).  Crutchfield
has it at $600.  Is the 0.7% THD too high?  I read an article that said you
should try to keep it below 0.1%.
It's good to hear from you.  The game is November 10th.  And we hope you come down, it would be alot of fun.  We are getting ready to go to Disney World on Saturday.  The kids are pumped.  First I guess you should see if I'm the coverage area.  We are at:
14343 Millstone Estates Ln.
Cypress, TX  77429
281-304-8303
Right now, we just have dial-up internet service and a local calling company that also gives us 100 minutes of long-distance.  We get off pretty cheap on this, but I would be willing to give this ION a try.  Let me know.
DG
Hi Darron,
Hope all is well with you and your family.  Boy, do I have an offer for
you 
Sprint is looking for consumers in Houston to test our new ION
technology.  ION stands for Intergrated On-Demand Network.  It basically
provides your voice service and your data service over the same phone
line.  ION offers several different products.  There is a 1 phone line
version, 2 phone lines and up to 4 phone lines.  We also offer just a
data/internet access only product.  The real benefit with ION is that
when you have one phone line, you can be on the internet and talking on
the phone at the same time.
Anyway, if you are interested in helping us test ION in Houston, please
let me know.  I will need your phone number and address to see if you
are in our coverage area.  Of course, the service would be free of
charge during the testing period.  If you want more information
regarding ION, you can visit our website at www.ion.sprint.com.
We need to start making plans for the KU-Texas football game!
Tell everyone hello for me!
Kim Mayers
Sprint-Broadband Marketing
Phone: (913) 762-4101
PCS: (913) 269-8197
Fax: (913) 762-0510
kim.mayers@mail.sprint.com
To be consistent, make the FT books ENA - FT West Keystone, etc DG
Burton and Susan:  We are setting up new Physical books for the West in SITARA.  There will be five new books, but we will need each book to have 2 sides, the intra-month book and the firm (FT) book for our hedges.  Below is the list of traders and the new book names:
Trader		Intra-month Book		FT Book
Randy Gay		ENA-IM West Keystone		FT-West Keystone
Tori Kuykendall	ENA-IM West SOCAL		FT-West SOCAL
Jane Tholt		ENA-IM West SJ		FT-West SJ
Matt Lenhart	ENA-IM West PGE		FT-West PGE
Steve South		ENA-IM West Rockies		FT-West Rockies
I have attached a Book Request From that contains an entry for each new book.
We will need these requests filled as soon as practical. Our plan is to begin putting new transactions into these books starting bid week this month.. Please let me know what additional information you will need.
Thanks
Anne Bike  
x 5-7735
I heard you had an email address and wanted to see if it worked.  How are things.  We are pretty wet here, I've heard you are as well.  We got back from Disney World last week.  Things are OK here.  The kids are excited about summer.  They will probably get in the pool everyday.  More to follow.  Try and stay dry.
DG
I'm sure you know by know, but Houston got it pretty bad over the weekend.  We were OK, but the flooding was unbelievable.  We were at Lake Conroe (K's parents live on the lake) on Friday night.  It rose at least 3 feet (and it's a big lake!) in a matter of 5 hours.  My boat is on a lift out of the water.  In the morning it was floating.  Their dock is underwater.  I've never seen anything like it.  I hope everyone over there is alright.  Have you seen the newest edition?  We hope to get down your way sometime this summer.  Until then stay dry and take care.
DG
Kristi wants to know if you are still willing to have the kids for a week in July.  If so, we need to make plans.  Let us know.
DG
Yes I am.
Piggy, are you still there?
Hey sugar, I am still at work, just waiting on the IT people to set up a new
folder in the UBS directory so that I can move all my files over.  Once that
is done I will be leaving.  I will probably go directly to the Container
Store.  Just let me know if that is okay.
Are you getting hungry?  Do you want me to bring something?  Or do you want
to eat at home.
Love you
The Pigs
hey rob, try this, call me with any questions.  thanks.
John
John,
I have customised your excel application for RFULLER.  Please check and feel free to give me a shout if I can be of further help.
Lindon Chiu 
Technologist 
Enron Corp 
(800)973-6766 x 57758 
Hi,
I am Angie's husband (vintagegarb) and I would like to talk to you about the leather jacket she had listed on ebay.  Please email me with you phone number so that we can discuss 
Thank you very much.
Sincerely,
John Griffith
Hey Reggie, 
How are you doing?  I don't know if you remember me but I was a friend of Chris Larson's.  I was wondering what you  guys are going to do with the furniture and the flat screens?  Do you need any help selling them?  Will you offer any to the employees?
I know you are busy in these times.  If you get a chance, call me at x.36247 or at home (713) 527-8743.
Thank you and have a great day.  Hope all is well with you and your family.
John Griffith
Steven,
John Arnold asked me to send you this report.  It is from our position on 11/2/01.  Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  I can be reached via email or by phone (713) 853-6247.  Thanks.
John Griffith
John,
Thank you for pulling me aside and reinforcing your confidence in me and also putting things into perspective.  I guess the reason I was a little upset is that I feel that we are a family here.  I spend more time with you guys than I do with my wife.  I felt a little betrayed.  I should not have felt that way.  You guys have given me the oppurtunity of a lifetime, I am very thankful for that.  I have never questioned the importance of you or Mike of anyone on our desk 
Please forgive me if I have been a little down.  I think that I am truly okay now.  It has been a very emotional couple of weeks with everything going on.  I know we will get through this.  I once again want to tell you that I am here for anything that needs to be done 
You will not here about this situation again.  Thank you for understanding.  I put my total trust in you 
John
Hi John,
I hope things are going well for you. Sorry I could not contact you earlier
- had been really busy wrapping up things. Thanks for stopping the other day
and inquiring about me. I have an H-1 visa and have 6 weeks to find a job
after which I will be required to leave the country.
I am attaching a copy of my resume for you to review. I would appreciate
greatly if you could go over it and offer any suggestions on how I can
improve my chances of finding a job.
Thanks,
Bilal
_________________________________________________________________
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:
- Bilal Bajwa Resume.doc 
Thanks, John.  You still owe me the list of books that you thought I should read.
George
I will keep in touch.  I have a few contacts in the industry and I will check them out.  It was great knowing you George.  Take care and keep in touch.
John Griffith
(713) 527-8743
I don't have email at home but my address is 1503 A Fairview Houston, TX 77006
I had a great time working with the best option trading team in the energy industry.  What I have learned from you will benefit me a lot in my future career.
I will start looking for a new job.  If your friends in other trading house are looking for a junior trader, please let me know.
Deep in my heart I want to be part of your team.  Count me in when the new company starts hiring people 
Sincerely
George Huan
My contact info:
(713) 682-6005 (H)
(281) 451-5062 (O)
georgehuan@hotmail.com
Hey what is going on?  I haven't talked to you in a few days and I feel lost.  First day at work in a while.  It feels weird.  I miss you very much.  I hope you have had a wonderful holiday season.  Mine has been okay.  Very long.  Not as good as it could have been.  I think about you every second of the day.  I am sorry I haven't called but the times I did call and I only had a limited amount of time, it didn't end good and I didn't want that to happen.  I want you to know that out of sight does not mean out of mind.  You are always on my mind.  I can't get by without thinking of you.  I have thought alot about my situation over the last couple of weeks.  I don't know how I am going to manage it but I need to make a change for myself.  I feel like I am in some sort of prison.  I need more freedom, I need more love, I need more affection, I need more life.  You probably try not to think about us because of the situation, I understand that, but I hope I haven't left your mind completely.  You are so special, so beautiful, wonderful, fun and I haven't even got to know you that well yet.  Have a wonderful New Year and please be careful.  Think about me.  I cherish the day I can see you again. =20
John
John,
Thought you might enjoy a little entertainment 
Alex has sent you something special that is sure to make your day!
Click on the link below, or copy-and-paste the link into your browser:
Have a great day!
Hello my sugar, as soon as I get something found out about the flight I will come home.  I will call or email 
Love you
The Pigs
Hi piggy.  How is school?  Ready to come home?  Love you!
--
Angelica Paez  
Hey sugar, why don't you pick me up at 12:30.  Is that okay?  Do you want me to deposit my check?  Call me when you get a chance.
Love you
The Pigs
I just tried to access the directory and it said access denied?
The directory is ready
I KNOW you're swamped, but I need to escalate this one please, and I PROMISE not to do it anymore
thank
spc
I need to have a new folder set up under the new O drive, it is as follows:
O:\Financial_Trading
I should be listed as owner.  Also, please give the following people read and write access to these folders:
Mike Maggi
John Lavarato
Dutch Quigley
Larry May
Jeb Ligums
Andy Zipper
Thanks for you help.  I need these set up as soon as possible.  Please call with any questions or concerns.
John Griffith
(713) 853-6247
johngriffith65
How is it going?  I miss you.
Hello John,
Thanks for the card. It was really cute.   That guy
was your identical twin.  Hey what is your yahoo ID?
Alex
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send your FREE holiday greetings online!
Thank you for your help.
John
The directory is ready
I KNOW you're swamped, but I need to escalate this one please, and I PROMISE not to do it anymore
thank
spc
I need to have a new folder set up under the new O drive, it is as follows:
O:\Financial_Trading
I should be listed as owner.  Also, please give the following people read and write access to these folders:
Mike Maggi
John Lavarato
Dutch Quigley
Larry May
Jeb Ligums
Andy Zipper
Thanks for you help.  I need these set up as soon as possible.  Please call with any questions or concerns.
John Griffith
(713) 853-6247
Here you go.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
John
John,
As you are aware, there was some confusion on the 2 Peoples trades we did on 10/15/01.  We did not find out there could be a problem until yesterday, 15 days after the trade was input into the system.  I consider this unacceptable so I wanted to find out what happened to our processes internally 
A person named Richard in the physical confirm area was the one that let Amy know the trade wasn't a financial trade but a physical trade.  I called him to ask him why it took 15 days to find this out.  He said that the deal was entered into as a financial deal so he didn't know about the trade until yesterday.  The person in charge of financial confirms is Diane Anderson and I called her to ask what happened.  She said she didn't know but would check into it.  She left me a message yesterday evening saying that for about 5 days in October they were shorthanded and they didn't confirm any financial trades.  THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE,  especially in the situation we are currently in.  I haven't talked to her again but I wanted you to know about this.  Not to put any more problems on your desk, but this needs to be fixed.
Amy yesterday found a person at Peoples that knows the trades as we know them (financial).  So the trade is okay, but it could have been a $500,000 hit to Mike's book.
Please let me know if I can do anything.  Thanks.
John
That is great thank you.  I enjoyed you here.  Attached are Vladis files.  Call me when you get a chance so that I can go over them with you.  See you soon.
John
John
Your helpand teaching was greatly appreciated. Seeing how the market trades and how the EOL markets are maintained gives insight that is hard to recognise on the other side.
Please let us know if we canhelp withthe daily spreadsheet oerview- ifyou wouldn't mind forwarding on vladis page for richard and I to play with and adapt to what we need- that would be great and I can sendyou ours as we begin development
I hope you wouldn't mind if I call at the end of each day for a market recap and big flow information? Let me know what you think.
I will fedex a cheque for 400 on monday - is that cool?
Thanks again and good luck
Robyn
Carlos, give me a call today (Friday) when you get a chance.  853-6247.  Thanks.  John
I am sorry I haven't called you yet, I will talk to my wife about this.  Do you live in Montrose or near Montrose?  Maybe we could see the skeleton.  I am very interested in seeing what it looks like.  I will call you later.  Thanks.
John
John:
I'm used to calling you Johnny so please let me know your preference.
Anyway, I just wanted to follow up on our conversation about selling my 'bones.'    I'm going to scan a picture of her as soon as I can and forward that to you as well 
I forgot to mention that the guys I bought it from were Oddfellows, which is a fraternal organization kind of like the Masons except for lower class types (their words).  If your'e not familiar with the Oddfellows, they made the news recently because they use skeleton's in their initiation rituals.  Very odd indeed.  They guys told me the bones are female....I don't know how to tell.
Talk soon, Peter
I haven't tested yet, but looks interesting.  Thanks.
John
There are two correlation calculators that are now available in O:\Research\Custom\CorrelMatrix\.
CorrelAnalysis.xls can basket up to 3 curves and calculates the correlation matrix on contracts with different expirations.  This is particularly helpful when the correlation matrix is needed for NYMEX+basis+index calculations.
CorrelVolCalc.xls calculates the correlation between two baskets.  It can basket up to 3 curves in each basket, so this calculator is also able to handle NYMEX+basis+index calculations.
These calculators have been reviewed by the Research Group, and we feel that they are accurate.  Please let me (x53240) or Paulo Issler (x56274) know if you find any problems or have any questions about these new tools.
Thanks,
Heather Johnson
Enron Research Group
X53240
A broker just sent me this today.  I am going to talk to him to get the details after trading.  Thought you would like to know.  Thanks.
John
"Here is the announcement: Reliant Energy Weather Risk Management Group has developed
Weather-sensitive Gas Load Indices ("WGLI"),  indices that measure national
or regional residential and commercial gas consumption during the heating
season. We believe the indices will provide valuable information for gas
traders as well as other market participants.  We plan to make a swap
market in the indices in the near future. We hope the WGLI swaps will
become a new financial tool to help you or your clients to better manage
their risks associated with the fluctuation of gas demand."
Greg,
I want to thank you so much for all you work on the trade blotter.  We are getting close here.  I put together a list of items to get the thing completely operational.  Below is the list and maybe we could talk today to discuss.  Thanks.
BLOTTER
- rearrange the deal input screen
- have Amy's sheet pull deals from access database
- get Mike Maggi's computer set up for the access database
- build a spreadsheet to take a snapshot of the blotter for Mike Maggi
- set up a default month for the deal input screen (possibly an input on the spreadsheet)
- have deal input screen popup on the screen that the spreadsheet is open in
- on morning macro, include clear trades, clear charm, clear theta and clear recon numbers
- separate price and vol on the Fetch Curves button
- delete evening macro
- add button for settle prices
- add button to print position, pnl, options and swap pages (one button)
- test multiple user input on the deal input spreadsheet
This list might look like alot, but I think most items will only take a few minutes to correct or change.  Let me know when you get a chance to sit down and talk about this.  Thanks.
John Griffith
Everything is going okay.  Dynegy has bought us out.  I think that if I was still in structuring then I might be worried, but I am trading natural gas options and the desk I work for has been very profitable.  I think that the natural gas and power trading floors are the main reason they bought us.  I would think they would like to keep things as they are on these desks, but you never know.  It will take 6-9 months before anything happens.
How are you doing?  I haven't heard from you in a while.  I would love to get together sometime.  My phone number is (713) 853-6247.  Call me sometime.
I guess you are working for Jeff Young now?  He used to be my boss.  How is the Europe group?  Are they still the same?  I am not for sure how your company is set up now 
How is married life?  Is you wife in the US now?  Are you still in DC?
Talk to you soon.
John
Hey John,
Been following the latest development of your firm. Hope everything turns
out well in the end.
Would be fun to meet up for a drink some time. I'm in Houston on a regular
basis.
Hope all is well
 Mattias Palm
 Principal Consultant