Due to current business circumstances, on November 28, 2001, Enron's Board of Directors adopted an amendment to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan.  The amendment includes the following changes, which became effective on November 29:
?	Savings Plan contributions that are deducted from your November 30 paycheck will be matched by Enron in cash rather than Enron stock.  The cash match will be placed into the Fidelity Freedom 2000 fund, the default fund for the Plan 
?	After November 30, Enron will no longer match your savings plan contributions.  As an exception, the company will continue the union matching contributions to the Plan.
?	The Savings Plan has always permitted employees to place their contributions in Enron stock or one or more alternative investment options.  Effective immediately, diversification within the Plan will ALSO be allowed, regardless of your age, from COMPANY contribution accounts.  This removes the restriction for all employees under the age of 50 to diversify the company contributions held in their account.  These accounts include all prior company contributions, QNEC, and company match accounts 
To move funds:
On the Web, choose "Savings Plan--Restricted Employer Acct Transfer/Reallocation" from the drop down menu.
On Voice Response, choose "request for fund transfer/reallocation of your restricted employer accounts."
This will allow you to move money from the four formerly restricted accounts: Company Matching, Union Matching, Prior Matching, and QNEC.
To avoid phone delays, we recommend that you access your account through the web at   or through benefits.enron.com.
ms. freeland,
I don't know who will be updating this information for the estate, but someone needs to 
ds
Time is running very short.  Is your company prepared for Etag 1.7?  These are the minimum REQUIRED steps that must be completed prior to March 6, 2002:
(1)  All entities must update the NERC Registry at  
(1a)  CA's and TP's must designate PORs and PODs that are valid on tags.
(1b)  PSE's must designate associated scheduling PORs and PODs.  See   or inquire with NERC for details.
(2)  All OATI Users must have functioning OATI Digital Certificates.
(2a)  Without the certificate you cannot access Etag 1.7 after March 6, 2002 at all.
(2b)  Inquire internally to determine if a supervisor has already contacted us.
(3b)  To begin the process of acquiring OATI Digital Certificates, please complete this document and send it to OATI:
Failure to complete these steps will result in a partial or complete lack of tagging access and capability!
For additional information on these and other critical Etagging issues, please visit OATI's Etag 1.7 Information Page at  
Frank Billington
OATI Manager of Customer Services
Seems there might be a problem with Michael's email.  We look forward to
receiving your resume.
Thanks,
Garrett
Michael P. Kane
Kane & Associates
mkane@jobmenu.com
713-977-3600