Hey Dad,
Did you talk to the better half?  I was thinking Trulucks but if you can't 
attend I understand.
Let me know,
Eric
Eric,
Counterparty would like to see volume as 910,000/mo rather than 29355/day, 
due to the 5 MMBtu discrepancy our volume causes.  Can you adjust TAGG to the 
per month volume?
Thanks,
Joe
friday is better but that is fine
Well Stacey called in sick today and Eric and Elsa cannot do lunch so I have 
a new plan.  How about Thursday (preferably) or Friday starting at about 4:00?
This way we can have beer and peanuts ans all can attend.  Please let me know.
Andrea,
At this time, I plan to extend my rotation indefinitely.
Thanks,
Eric Bass
Eric, will you be rotating at this time?
Our records indicate that you will be up for rotation soon.  In order to 
secure your next rotation and to ensure a good fit, please choose one of the 
following options:
Please forward me an updated copy of your resume along with your business 
unit and function preferences.  Once we receive this, we will begin sending 
your resume out to those business units with open positions and the managers 
will then contact you directly if they are interested.
Please contact my assistant Jessie Patterson at x3-0927 to schedule a meeting 
with me.  We can discuss your business unit and function preferences at that 
time as well as any other concerns.
If you plan to extend your current rotation, please let me know the date the 
rotation will end.
If you have already started another rotation, please complete the following 
information and send back so that we may update the database.
ROTATION: 
Business Unit and Group:
Effective Date:
Location:
Extension:
Email Address:
Reviewing Supervisor:
Supervisor's Location:
Supervisor's Extension:
Supervisor's Assistant:
Assistant's Location:
Assistant's Extension:
Co RC RC Owner:
Thanks!
Andrea Richards
Associate & Analyst Program
Career Development
x3-6499
I can't play this weekend.  The earliest I can play would be Sunday December 
17.
Let me know if this works
Michael Simmons
12/06/2000 10:43 AM
Michael Simmons
12/06/2000 10:43 AM
Update:
The aggies have played and are awaiting a UT team challenger.    I think the 
only thing at stake here is the trophy and I don't know what there is terms 
of ref's, a field, etc.
If you would like to field a team to play the aggies, lemme know.   Webb has 
informed me that he does not have enough players and thus there will be no 
playoff for the Enron Texas team.  We can still put a team together by 
combining those of you who would like to play.  Otherwise, I think Texas made 
it's case after Thanksgiving and I'm not going to pursue this any further..
-Mike  ext 37842
--
Webb, where are you as far as setting up a time with the aggies?    I think 
this weekend, either Saturday or Sunday is as good as any.  If not this 
weekend, you will need to organize this as I will be on vacation for the next 
two weeks.
Are you in on the game tonight?
in
I'm not sure what time the game is tomorrow, I think 7, but unfortunately 
ya'll will have to do w/o me.  I know it will be tough making up for my 4 pts 
and 2 reb per game, but I think you will survive.  We play Hiemstra's team, 
and he said they are terrible, so good luck.  Let me know if you will be able 
to play, and if we're short I'll try and find a sub.
I can't make it during lunch.  Sorry.
OK Gang,
Time to select (and pay) for 2001 tickets.
What I have is:
Gary Lamphier  25 games
Greg Brazaitis  20 games
Jason Mathew  10 games $340
Stacey Neuweiler 10 games $340
Eric Bass     5 games $170
Elsa V      5  games $170
Danny Conner     5  games $170
Jim Homco has two seats next to us and is hoping to trade so any of us can 
have 4 seats to a game and he can then have 4 seats to a game.
We need to draft this week.  I will set the rotation by number of tickets 
purchased to start the rotation then random draw.  In other words I will pick 
1st, Greg 2nd,
Stacey & Jason 3rd & 4th ( I will flip a coin that day) and Eric , Elsa and 
Danny to follow ( we will draw an order that day So in summary there are 16  packages of 5 games; so every 16 games I will get 
5, Greg 4, Jason  and Stacey 2, and the other 3 one.
So round 1 would look like this:
1) Gary
2) Greg
3) Jason/Stacey
4) Jason/Stacey
Picks 5-16 will then be pulled out of a hat to determine order for all 
remaining picks with Gary's name 4 times, Greg 3 times, and every one else 
once.
We need to do this this week.  How about Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday from 
11:00 - 1:00 (we should finish earlier).  The schedule is at astros.mlb.com 
or I will bring hard copies for you.
Please respond today of any date that does not work.
Hey Gary,
Just wanted to let you know that I will not be in the office from March 
12-16.  So whenever you want to select the Astro tickets and get the money
let me know.
Thank you
Jason Mathew
EWS
39877
we could go to trulucks, brennans, river oaks,  wherever you want to go.
let me know
e
Hi Eric,
?
Sorry about your call.? What are you going to  do all weekend without a car Won't they give you a loaner?
?
So, where do you want to go for dinner?? Let  me know.? LU-Mom
ruggles
does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no 
tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30.
you know that there is a cabos off of shepherd and 59 dont you?
does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no 
tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30.
i say el tiempo
does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no 
tequilla shots) or cabos downtown tonight.  let's meet around 6-6:30.
have fun on your trip to palm springs.  you live a tough life don't you?
good - he is finally worried about the overall team and its progress rather 
than stepping on any toes
what do you think about this?
I have been excited - I have been tryinf to plan activies for the last week 
and a half.  This is the first confirmation of snow that I have seen of 
snowfall.  I am ready!
-E
Neat site.  How did you find it?  Snow looks promising.  I'm getting
excited.  How about you?  LU-M