Beau, Ken would like to do this if we can arrange it.  He has a video to 
receive the United Way Kneebone Award from Gerald Smith at 2:30 on Monday, 
May 7.  I'm thinking that maybe we could do this video at 2:00 p.m.  That is 
a lot to do two videos back to back, I guess, but there is very limited time 
available and I think the United Way one will be pretty easy.  Will 30 
minutes be sufficient?
Rosie
Ken -
?
Child Advocates'? 9th annual "Pull for Kids  Sporting Classic" is honoring?
Harry  Reasoner.? Lannie Earthman, at Child Avdocates, told me that they  are 
putting together a short video (a tribute to Harry) for?the night of  the 
event.? Harry doesn't know about the video so it will be a  surprise to him 
that evening.? I've been told by Lannie that, at  Macey's request, those 
being videoed are Dr. Ralph Faigan (Baylor College of  Medicine), Steve 
Miller (CEO, Shell), Malcolm Gillis (President, Rice Univ.),  and hopefully 
you.? Baylor College of Medicine is filming and producing  it.? If you would 
agree to do it, they can film you at your office at your  convenience.? It 
probably wouldn't take very long, unless of  course?you had a whole lot to 
say about Harry.? They want to have it  finished in the next couple of weeks, 
because the event is only a month away  (May 19th).
?
FYI, the Family Foundation?has always  supported the event and this year 
contributed $25,000 (the highest sponsor  level).? I don't think that you and 
Mom are planning on attending the event  or anyone else in the family.
?
Let me know if you would be interested in this so  that I can help facilitate 
it.
?
- Beau
The proposal is totally satisfactory to Ken Lay.
Rosalee
In light of Jesse Greene's acceptance of the SVP, Strategy position, we have
re-examined his option opportunity for 2001.  As you recall, we deferred a
decision on his option grant in December 2000 pending a decision on his
status.
Now that Jesse has accepted this new role, we are recommending a grant of
125,000 stock options, which is comparable to the December 2000 grant to
other 16b officers in staff positions.  As a point of reference, below are
the option grants made to 16b officers in December 2000:
Blackmore - 375k
Winkler - 350k
Larson - 275k
McDowell - 250k
Elias - 150k
Jackson - 175k
Siekman - 155k
Napier - 155k
Fox - 125k
Milton - 100k
Clarke - 75k (received additional grant of 175k options upon appointment to
CFO)
Walker - 60k (received 250k new hire options in September)
Robison - 0 (recently received new hire grant)
If you have any questions or concerns about this proposal, please let Yvonne
or I know.  If it is acceptable, please advise and we will provide a
unanimous consent for your signature to formalize.  Thank you!
Wanda G. Holloway
Associate General Counsel - Human Resources
Compaq Computer Corporation
MS110701
20555 SH 249
Houston, TX  77070-2698
281-518-6943 (phone)/281-518-7644 (fax)
Sorry, Simone.  I don't believe we received it.
This is a re-send.
I am experiencing e-mail problems.
Please let me know if you did not receive the summary.
Thanks for your patience.
Following please find the Daily EnronOnline Executive Summary.
Hi Dr. Pershing -
Will you please verify the dates again with me?  Is the 3:00 p.m. panel on 
Monday or Tuesday?
Thanks.
Rosalee
Dear Rosalee,
I would again like to thank Mr Lay for agreeing to take part in both
our IEA ministerial session and in the OECD Forum 2001 - Sustainable
Development and the New Economy.  As discussed, he is to chair the first of
two energy panels at the FORUM; his is titled "Fuelling Sustainable
Development".  On his panel will be Mr Kurt Yeager of EPRI (speaking on
hydrocarbon issues), Mr Luis Echavarri, the head of the OECD's Nuclear
Energy Agency (speaking on nuclear power), and Danish Minister of Energy and
Environment, Svend Auken (speaking on renewables and energy efficiency).
The panel is scheduled to take place starting at 3pm at the Cit, des
Sciences et de l'Industrie, in La Villete, in northern Paris.
As I believe I noted in our previous e-mail communications, while the IEA is
responsible for organising our ministerial session and the substantive
issues related to the energy panels on the FORUM, the OECD is doing the
FORUM logistics.  They have therefore asked that I forward to all speakers
the following note (see below). It asks that Mr Lay provide a number of
logistical inputs, including a biography and photo, as well as information
on any remarks he might choose to make. I note that as the chair of the
first energy panel, he may not wish to make a formal presentation -- but
time does permit this if he wishes, and the decision is at his discretion.
I would appreciate being a cc on any material you send to the OECD so we can
keep our files current.
On our own side, the IEA concluded its Governing Board Meeting last Friday,
and finally approved the ministerial session agenda and arrangements.  While
Mr Priddle will be sending out a formal invitation and set of background
documents to Mr Lay this week, I wanted to give you a heads up and find out
if you had any "last-minute" questions which I might help answer.
In addition, I note that your last e-mail indicated Mrs Lay will be in Paris
during our session.  Some of our ministerial representatives are also
planning to bring spouses (in particular US Energy Secretary Abraham, who is
coming with his wife) -- do you think Mrs Lay might wish to participate in
any events during this period with any of these others?  If you let us know,
we would be happy to make arrangements.
Also, please let us know if others will be travelling with Mr Lay, and if we
might facilitate their logistics.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Jonathan Pershing
________________________
Jonathan C. Pershing, PhD.
Head, Energy and Environment Division
International Energy Agency
75739 PARIS Cedex 15
FRANCE
Tel:  (33-1)40 57 67 20
Fax:  (33-1)40 57 67 39
e-mail: jonathan.pershing@iea.org
OECD ATTACHMENT
We will be writing to you shortly concerning the final title and
time of your session, and how the session will be conducted. If you have any
questions that you wish to raise in the meantime, please do not hesitate to
contact John West, Forum Director, who can be reached at (33.1) 45.24.80.25,
or by e-mail at john.west@oecd.org.  In the meantime, I would be very
grateful if you could provide us with the following information.
YOUR ARRIVAL AT THE FORUM VENUE
As you may know, the Forum is being held at the Cit, des Sciences et
de l'Industrie, La Villette, 30, avenue Corentin-Cariou, 75930 Paris cedex
19, Telephone : (33-1) 40 05 70 00.  More information about how to access
the La Villette conference centre is available on our Internet site at
We recommend that you arrive at least one hour before your
session starts.  On arrival, you will be met by the OECD protocol team and
taken to the "Speakers' Lounge" where you can meet the other speakers and
moderator.  Once your travel arrangements are finalised, we would be
grateful if you could send us your arrival and departure times on the
enclosed Speakers Administration Form.
Speakers Administration Form:
(SEE ATTACHMENT)
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Short career biography (1/2 page A4) in French and English
Photograph (colour or black/white)
The biography should be sent as a word document by return email
along with a photograph in jpeg or tiff format or an original. This material
is required as soon as possible.  It will be included on the Forum web site
and printed in the conference documentation, which will be given to all
delegates on arrival at the Forum.
AUDIO VISUAL REQUIREMENTS
Please complete the enclosed Speakers Administration Form,
which asks you to detail your audio-visual requirements.  Please note that
because of the expected size of the audience, overhead projector slides are
not suitable and 35mm slides or graphic presentations (PowerPoint) should be
used.  If you wish to use graphic presentations and/or video we will need
your materials provided ahead of the event as hard copy, on disc or by
email. You will also need to bring a disc with you.
There will be interpretation into English and French
throughout the sessions.
ACCOMMODATION & TRAVEL
If you require overnight accommodation near La Villette, we
recommend that you consult the following website that provides information
on hotels where discount prices have been negotiated -
I would also like to draw to your attention that discounted
travel is available on Air France and Eurostar -- please consult the Forum
internet site at   for more
information.
CONFERENCE SOCIAL EVENTS
You are invited to attend the whole Forum. Information about
social events, included special social events for speakers will be furnished
to you shortly.
ACCOMPANYING PERSONS
We would also be very grateful if you could inform us of any
persons who may be accompanying you to the Forum.  They will naturally be
given free entrance to all Forum events.
PRESS AND PUBLICITY
The Forum is attracting substantial media attention and we
would like to know if you would be interested in participating in interviews
or photocall opportunities.
Meggan Dissly (meggan.dissly@oecd.org - Tel:
33.1.45.24.80.94) from the OECD Media Relations Division, is responsible for
Forum media relations and may be in contact with your office regarding
possible press opportunities. Please could you confirm the appropriate press
contact in your office.
If you have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact
Mr. John West or myself.  Thank you again for your participation in the
Forum and I look forward to meeting you in Paris.
Your sincerely,
Nadine N'Diaye-Robinson
Internet site and Operations Manager
OECD Forum 2001 - Sustainable Development and the New Economy
* Nadine.Ndiaye-Robinson@OECD.org
( +33 1. 45.24.80.61
: +33 1. 44.30.63.46
- Speaker Admin form.doc
Ken Lay said to let you know he does sign off on this draft.
Rosalee
Attached please find the final draft.  Tim Koller and I hope
it reflects all the changes suggested on the last conference call.  Of
course, we will never be able to satisfy everyone to the last detail, but I
think we came as close as we will get.
There is still some proof reading and minor editing to do,
and we are working on that even as we send this off.
To the best of my knowledge there may now be two "individual
views"  to go into what is now Attachment D.  Len Baker may feel that the
language on Safe Harbor doesn't go far enough.  Baruch Lev feels that the
SEC should not only issue a "concept release" to solicit broad public
comments on a "supplementary framework for reporting intangibles," but it
should create a task force to do the work.  (Most of the group feels this
approach is too close to asking the SEC to mandate change.)  Baruch also
feels that in relying so much on voluntary disclosure, we are exaggerating
what companies will, in fact, disclose. My suggestion, Len and Baruch, is to
write a paragraph or two for Attachment D, if you wish.  Hopefully, both of
you will begin with a sentence supporting the report in general, but if you
feel strongly that the report doesn't reflect all your views, please do
state them for the record.
Before we schedule a final call for last minute details,
etc,  I'd like to request an e-mail, fax or phone call from each of you
letting me know if you can sign-off on the report.  I'd appreciate this by
Monday, April 16th.
Thanks a million.
Jeff
4-06-01.doc>>
- SEC Task Force Draft 04092001.doc
- SEC  Press Release  4-06-01.doc
Mr. Lay will not be available to meet with Mr. Thompson.
Rosalee
?
[IMAGE]
Mr. Lay:
Our CEO, Carl Thompson, will be available to meet with you while he is  in 
Houston next Monday, April 23. The purpose of his visit is to meet with  CEOs 
like yourself to discuss how Carl Thompson Associates (www.ctaonline.com) can 
assist you in  bringing additional retail interest into your stock. Our 
brochure is  attached for your information.
If this has any interest, please call Carl Thompson at (303) 665-4200  or 
email carl@ctaonline.com.
- logo.gif
- Hire the IR Experts.doc
- CTABROCHURE.pdf
Perfect!!
Thanks Rosie - you did , but I wanted to make sure you had the call in
formation in case Ken's calendar changed and would permit him to
participate.
Talk to you later.
Barbara
Barbara, I think I let you know that Ken will not be able to participate.
Rosie
We have scheduled a telephonic Board meeting for Tuesday, April 17, from
1:00 - 2:00 p.  CDT (Houston time).  The call-in information follows:
Off Compaq campus participants:        888-943-9718
Houston Compaq campus participants:    281-514-2333
Pass Code for everyone:    8955462 #
Barbara Sain
Law Department
(p) 281-514-6021
(f) 281-518-6807
Barbara, I think I let you know that Ken will not be able to participate.
Rosie
We have scheduled a telephonic Board meeting for Tuesday, April 17, from
1:00 - 2:00 p.  CDT (Houston time).  The call-in information follows:
Off Compaq campus participants:        888-943-9718
Houston Compaq campus participants:    281-514-2333
Pass Code for everyone:    8955462 #
Barbara Sain
Law Department
(p) 281-514-6021
(f) 281-518-6807
Good morning, Liz -
I left a message at your home this morning that your Dad would like to speak 
with you when you have a chance to call 
Rosie
p.s. - P. L. and I did early voting the first Saturday available!!  It was 
such a good feeling as Tuesdays are tough with trying to get to the office 
and leave in time to vote!!
Elizabeth Lay  Dear Friends and Family,
We are down to the wire and the race couldn't be
closer. Every vote counts, even those of you in Texas.
Please, remember to vote and go early, polls open at
7am across the country and close at 7pm but don't put
it off until 7pm as there could be lines and the
supervisors are not required to keep the polls open
after 7pm for those in line.
Remind your friends and family to vote and if someone
needs transportation to the polls, give them a ride or
call your local Victory 2000 office (Republicans) or
your local Democratic campaign office, they will have
people available to transport people to the polls.
Keep an eye out while you are at the polls for
electoral fraud and report any suspicious activity
including inappropriate campaigning to the poll
watchers at the polls. The Democrats and the
Republicans will have representatives at most of the
polls, let them know if there is suspicious activity.
Finally, if you have time, call your local offices and
offer your time to make phone calls to encourage
people to get out and vote, pass out leaflets, or to
be available to help prevent of voter fraud.
Finally, enjoy the evening and watch the results come
in. There are election watch parties everywhere 
Just one more day (and no more mass political e-mail's
from me and everyone else)!
Take care and VOTE!
Liz
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Thousands of Stores.  Millions of Products.  All in one Place.
Terrie, nevermind.  He will be in town.  Let me check with him, so the timing 
may not work.  Thanks.
TERRIE JAMES@MUNICATIONS
04/16/2001 10:26 AM
EBS is planning an employee event to celebrate making our first quarter 
numbers.  We'd love to have you join us.
PLACE:  Jillian's (I-10 at Silber)
DATE:  Tuesday, April 24
TIME:  3 pm - 6 pm
Terrie James
Sr. Director, Corporate Communication
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-7727 (phone)
713-646-8887 (fax)
terrie_james@.net
Oh, Terrie, Ken won't be in town.  Otherwise, I'm sure he'd love to.
TERRIE JAMES@MUNICATIONS
04/16/2001 10:26 AM
EBS is planning an employee event to celebrate making our first quarter 
numbers.  We'd love to have you join us.
PLACE:  Jillian's (I-10 at Silber)
DATE:  Tuesday, April 24
TIME:  3 pm - 6 pm
Terrie James
Sr. Director, Corporate Communication
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-7727 (phone)
713-646-8887 (fax)
terrie_james@.net
Hi Barbara -
Ken said that he will be on the plane, so unable to participate in the call.
Thanks.
Rosie
Please mark your calendar for a tentative telephonic Board meeting on
Tuesday, April 17
from 1:00 - 2:00 p. CDT (Houston time).  I will contact you Monday to
confirm the telephonic meeting and to also give you call-in instructions if
applicable.
Thanks.
Barbara Sain
Law Department
(p) 281-514-6021
(f) 281-518-6807
Thank you, but no interest at this time.
Dear Kenneth, 
I was wondering if you could tell me if Enron is currently considering an IT 
department portfolio management solution, which is basically software that 
manages IT projects and the availability, as well as the skill sets, of your 
internal IT staff. If you would be interested, I can forward you information 
on our product, or arrange an onsite demonstration. Thank you.
Joe 
Joe Costamagna 
Program Manager -- Business Development 
South Region 
EVOLVE 
E-mail:? jcostamagna@evolve.com 
Phone: (510) 428-6116 
Cell: (707) 799-2915 
Fax: (510) 428-6999 
www.evolve.com 
Good morning, Shea -
Ken Lay will be able to do this Thursday afternoon.
Rosie
Shea_Dugger@i2.com on 04/09/2001 05:10:20 PM
Good afternoon.
A conference call meeting of the Board of Directors of i2 Technologies has
been called for 4:00 p.m. CST on Thursday, April 12, immediately following
the i2 Audit Committee conference call.  The matters to be discussed in
said meeting will include (i) setting analyst guidance; (ii) the extension
of the 1995 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan; and (iii) the setting of a
stockholder record date for this year's annual meeting.
Dial in information is as follows:
Dial in: 800-486-2460
Host Code (Bob Donohoo ONLY): 217994
Participant Code: 426961
Please note that this conference call information is the same as that sent
to the Audit Committee last week (with the exception of the extension of
the time period to 5 p.m 
Do not hesitate to contact Keith Larney at 469-357-4497 if you have any
questions or comments regarding this meeting.
Thank you.
____________________
Shea Dugger
Legal Dept.
Tel: 469-357-4195
Fax: 469-357-6566
shea_dugger@i2.com
BYOBroadcast  	[IMAGE]
BRITEMOON AND BYOBROADCAST ENTER STRATEGIC ALLIANCE
Email Campaign Management ASP to Offer Customers the Ability to Add Audio 
Capabilities to their Email Communications Programs
Streaming Audio Solutions Developer to Provide Clients with Highly Scalable, 
Customizable Email Capabilities
[IMAGE]
If you don't hear any audio,
click here 
Methuen, Mass & Woburn, Mass - 9 April 2001 - Britemoon, a leading provider 
of ASP-based email marketing software and BYOBroadcast, a leading developer 
of streaming audio solutions, today announced that they have signed an 
agreement to strategically integrate and resell their respective services.
Britemoon is a self-service email marketing solution designed to target 
prospects, personalize messages, execute campaigns, track and analyze results 
and generate real-time reports.  Britemoon's intuitive interface enables 
marketers to conduct sophisticated online direct marketing campaigns easily 
and affordably.  Britemoon's clients include leading direct marketing 
agencies such as Digitas, Directech/Emerge and Harpell, as well as end-users 
such as Homeruns.com.
BYOBroadcast provides streaming audio solutions to businesses that want to 
increase profitability and market share through the use of rich media over 
the Internet.  BYOBroadcast currently provides audio solutions for over 70 
customers worldwide, including Warner Music, the President of Panama, 
Audible.com, and the LPGA.
Together the two companies will be able to offer marketers a powerful, 
media-rich solution to create and execute high-impact email messages for 
customer communications and marketing campaigns.
"We are pleased to be partnering with BYOBroadcast - a customer-focused 
leader in the rich media technology sector," said Philip Chischportich, 
Britemoon CEO.  "Adding audio capabilities to their email campaigns will 
enable our customers to achieve even greater profitability from their email 
marketing programs."
"Adding audio to email personalizes the recipient's experience and has been 
shown to dramatically increase response rates," said BYOBroadcast CEO Ben 
Krysiak.  "We're proud to offer Britemoon's service to our customer base - to 
further enhance their ability to increase revenues and market share by 
differentiating themselves from their competition 	
About Britemoon
Britemoon was founded in 2000 by industry executives who recognized the need 
to provide small and medium size businesses with an affordable, yet robust 
solution to conduct targeted email campaigns.  Britemoon's intuitive user 
interface provides everything needed to develop, execute and measure a 
successful campaign.  As a WebAwards winner and MIMC Award finalist in 2000, 
Britemoon was recognized for its design and function above and beyond the 
standard of excellence for email marketing web sites.  For more information 
visit www.britemoon.com.
About BYOBroadcast
BYOBroadcast is the leading developer and Application Service Provider for 
professional and end-user contributed media storage and retrieval. Our 
service is offered as a complete hosted solution, so that customers need no 
additional investment in hardware or software infrastructure. Our products 
make it easy for customers to quickly audio-enable their web sites and emails 
with streaming audio.  In operation since September 1999, BYOBroadcast is 
headquartered outside of Boston, Mass. and currently provides audio 
technology and solutions to more than 70 customers worldwide, including the 
President of Panama, Elektra and Atlantic Records, the LPGA, and 
Telephonica.  For more information, please visit www.byobroadcast.com.
Ken Lay wrote:
Mr. Bryce:
I have no suggestions at this time.
Ken Lay
Toby Bryce  Mr. Lay,
?
Your assistant contacted me a couple weeks back with the message that the  
attached was not an opportunity you could consider at this time.? Thanks  
very much, though, for taking a look at it.
?
I have one follow-up question for you -- could you recommend another Enron  
executive that might be a candidate for such an opportunity ?
To help you answer the question, the company is Juno Online?Services Inc.?(NASDAQ: JWEB), a leading US ISP.? Juno is very interested in  working 
with (and in advanced-stage discussions with) companies in the energy  
industry and working with them on strategic telecommunications and marketing  
partnerships.
?
Information about Juno is available at "About Juno" on Juno's Web site 
I've also attached an  executive summary to update you 
(or the relevant person at Enron) as to the  current status of Juno's 
business.
?
Thanks very much for your assistance, and I hope that this message finds  you 
well.
?
Best,
?
Toby
?
Executive Overview of?Juno 
The company finished 4Q00 w/ $56MM in cash.? Total net loss for 2001  was 
projected to be $10-$25MM, as the company focuses on billable services continues to reduce expenses, and looks to develop advertising and other  
ancillary revenue streams.? The company is confident that it can meet  
or?beat the loss target and made explicit statements that on-hand cash  
resources are "more than adequate" to get the business profitable.? The  
company has not publicly given a time-line for profitability to maintain  
flexibility The company controls one of the largest dialup subscriber audiences (4MM  
active subscribers as of 4Q00, 850K of whom are billable) on the Internet  
today and is the 4th largest US ISP (after AOL, ELNK, and MSN 2000 revenue came in at $114MM, 65% of which was derived from subscription  
fees and 35% from advertising.? 2001 revenues are expected to come in  
between $100MM-$120MM, with the revenue mix moving toward 80% subscription 
and  20% advertising due to increased focus on billable services and the 
soft  Internet advertising markets Juno has announced broadband agreements for its Juno Express product  
covering all mainstream broadband transport platforms -- AT&T Broadband Time Warner Cable, and Comcast (cable); Covad (DSL); Hughes (satellite); and  
Metricom (wireless The company has announced wireless distribution agreements for it's Juno  
Mobile product with Palm and Sprint PCS.? Other agreements are likely to  be 
forthcoming The company has powerful propietary technology assets that give it a  
competitive advantage.? The company has launched (internally but not  
publicly) a new business unit -- Juno Solutions -- to investigate the  
opportunity to license these technology assets to third parties both  
domestically and internationally The Juno Virtual Supercomputer Project represents another example of  Juno's 
efforts to develop ancillary revenue streams.? This distributed  computing 
initiative aims to leverage unused computer processing power from  Juno's MMs 
of subscribers, aggregating it for sale to biotech, pharmaceutical,  and 
computational chemistry firms  
(347) 200-0882
bryce@juno.com
On Wed, 14 Mar 2001 16:52:52 -0500 Toby Bryce  > Mr.  Lay,
 
 I am contacting you (per instructions of Rosalee) with a  director 
 opportunity with a NASDAQ-listed Internet media firm.?  The NYC-based 
 firm had $114MM in revenue in calendar 2000 and made  strong 
 statements with its most recent (4Q00) earnings statements that  
 management believes that on-hand cash resources are "more than 
  adequate" to get the business profitable.? The company is 
  well-positioned to both survive and profit from the current 
 difficult  market and as such could make for an interesting 
 opportunity for  you.
 
 I am working on this recruiting project as an independent  consultant 
 for the company and would be happy to tell you more  specifically 
 about the opportunity should you be interested in  concept.? You can 
 reach me via e-mail at this address (bryce@juno.com) or 
 telephonically at  (347) 200-0882 > 
 I hope that this message finds you well,  and I look forward to 
 hearing from you at your convenience.
 Best,
 
 Toby
 
  > (347) 200-0882
 bryce@juno.com ?
Mr. Kaplan -
Mr. Lay would like to title his speech "Energy and Climate Realism in a 
Political World"  . We look forward to receiving additional information.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Kenneth Lay
Chairman, Enron
from
Marshall Kaplan
Western State Power Forum: May 22 and May 23
Plans are proceeding nicely for the Western State Forum on May 22 and May
23.  We have an outstanding group of confirmed speakers and panelists
including many individuals that I assume you know as colleagues and friends.
I will be sending you more information on the Forum in the next few days. I
am going to send you the preliminary agenda  this morning.
You will be speaking at a critical time in the Forum; that is, just after
panels on power problems and polices and just before the final session
linking power and energy strategies to environmental objectives. It would be
great if your talk to the participants in the Forum could help them see the
relationship between power and energy related objectives and environmental
issues including GHG emissions. You should feel free however to focus your
talk in a manner of your choosing. Again, I will send you the prelim. agenda
soon.  Could you send me a title however for the final agenda's purposes?
We hope to print the final agenda later this week.    Thank you.
Marshall Kaplan, Executive Director
Institute for Policy Implementation
University of Colorado at Denver
1445 Market Street, Suite 350
Denver, Colorado 80202
tel: 303-820-5602   fax: 303-534-8774
email:  mkaplan@carbon.cudenver.edu
Hi Pierre -
My e-mail address is rosalee.fleming@.  The last name has a g on it.
daggett@heinzctr.org (Pierre-Marc Daggett) on 04/05/2001 04:42:56 PM
Please respond to "daggett@heinzctr.org"  Pierre-Marc,
Please make certain that Rosalee and Ken Lay received a copy of this.  I
know that my address for Rosalee was incorrect.
Thank you for the help.
Mary Hope
Dear Ken,
We regret that your schedule did not permit you to visit with us this week
to discuss the Center's Global Change Program.  We do understand that the
White House probably has priority.
Rosalee indicated that you are available to meet at the Center on May 24th.
the day before the Board of Trustees meeting.  May I suggest that we invite
some members of the Steering Committee to join us on the 24th to review
where we are, the political environment, and continued Center involvement
in this program area.  As you are aware we have had discussions with the
Turner Foundation on a Leadership Forum and have developed several projects
which have each received partial funding commitments from the federal
government or private foundations.    Paul O'Neill, Tim Wirth, Bill Miller,
Teresa Heinz and Michael Oppenheimer are my suggestion of Steering
Committee members to join us.  Please give me your thoughts.
As always, Mary Hope
Mary Hope Katsouros
Senior Vice President
The H. John Heinz III Center for Science, Economics and the Environment
1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 735 South
Washington, DC  20004
Phone:  (202) 737-6307
Fax:      (202) 737-6410
Email:    mhk@heinzctr.org
Hi Shea -
Ken Lay will not be able to attend this meeting.  That is the Enron Board day 
and Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Shea_Dugger@i2.com on 04/05/2001 03:53:20 PM
Good afternoon.
This is to remind everyone of the subject meeting which is scheduled for
Tuesday, May 1st, 2001.
Location: One i2 Place
6th Floor Green Room
Time:          8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
Continental Breakfast and Lunch
Contact:  Keith Larney
469-357-4497
All attendees have been previously confirmed; however, if there are any
questions, please feel free to contact either Keith or me.
Thank you.
____________________
Shea Dugger
Legal Dept.
Tel: 469-357-4195
Fax: 469-357-6566
shea_dugger@i2.com
Will you please do it, Colin?  Ken is in Japan.
Rosie
Colin Skellett@AZURIX
10/31/2000 10:59 AM
Sent by: Lisa Hobbs@AZURIX
Rosie
Thanks for the message.  Does Ken want me to contact the Duchess or will he?
Colin
Kenneth Lay @ ENRON on 31/10/2000 13:48:05
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming@
Hi Colin -
Ken Lay asked me to advise you that this is fine with him.
Rosie
Colin Skellett@AZURIX
10/26/2000 10:20 AM
Sent by: Lisa Hobbs@AZURIX
Ken
Thanks for sending me the request from the Duchess of Northumbria for help 
with her garden project.  I have discussed this with John Wakeham and our 
view is that unless you have any other reason for helping with this, we 
should say a polite "no".
The background is summarised on the attached briefing note from Mike O'Neill, 
Managing Director of Lurgi Invent.
Alnwick Castle is several hundred miles out of the Wessex region so it really 
is difficult to justify any Wessex help.  Lurgi Invent has done a little work 
for the Duchess in providing water features for the garden.  However, this 
business currently loses o1 million a year so we would be reluctant to see 
any sponsorship out of Lurgi Invent.
Given the nature of the project, the approach from the Duchess and the fact 
that she can clearly afford to pay for it herself, we really do believe no is 
the right answer.
Please let me know if you want any further information or if you want me to 
correspond direct with the Duchess.
Best wishes.
Colin
Dear Jason -
I'm sure that Mr. Lay would love to do this, but his travel schedule is such=20
now that it is very difficult.  Would you be interested in meeting with=20
someone from Enron Energy Services?
Rosalee
Dear Mr. Lay,
We value our partnership with Enron. It is our objective to provide value
and solution to your business issues. Our purpose is to take 15-20 minutes
of your time to share with you more about the University of Houston=01,s
Program for Excellence in Selling.  At our meeting, our objective is to do
the following:
? Thank you for your support.
? Get your opinion on how to improve the program.
? Inform you of the Program for Excellence in Selling, and how it can
benefit your company.
? Present a brief description about our upcoming event.
Since you are a successful University of Houston Alumni member we would love
the opportunity to meet with you.  In the past, these appointments have
proven to be mutually beneficial.
Mr. Lay, our team and our professor are looking forward to meeting with you.
Our team will call you on April 5 to arrange for a convenient time and
date.
Thank you,
Jason Hoelscher
Michelle Schaper
Patrick Bilnoski
_________________________________________________________________
Eric, sorry for the delay.  It's a busy morning.
Hi Mr. Reed -
I left a message on Thursday evening for Rosemarie, but was out Friday, so 
was too busy to follow up today, but having said all that, Ken Lay wanted me 
to let you know that he would like to have the TFA board meeting at the Enron 
building.  Please let me know if that will be possible. 
Rosalee
Gentlemen,
Technology For All (TFA)received today our 501(c)(3) exemption letter
from the IRS.  This letter gives us the opportunity to vigorously
pursue new funding opportunities and also validates what we have known
all along. TFA is a charitable organization serving the underserved in
communities across the US.
We thank Jack Clark, our general counsel, for his arduous pro-bono
legal work over the past 15 months that helped make this happen.
THANKS JACK 
On another note, each of you should have received word from Rosemarie
Foster, TFA's Administrative Assistant, regarding a Technology For All
Board meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 8, 2001 at the University
Hilton on the University of Houston Campus.  The meeting will take
place at 2:00 PM and conclude by 3:30 PM.  It will take place in the
context of an all-day Technology For All sponsored conference "Digital
Divide: A Call to Action".  Each of you will receive an complimentary
invitation to the activities of the day.  Ken Lay will be hosting a
CEO breakfast at 8:00 am.  Our purpose there will be to tell the TFA
story and invite the CEO's present to make a commitment to help TFA
eliminate the digital divide across Houston and beyond.  At lunch,
Greg Priest, CEO of SmartForce, will be speaking. SmartForce recently
gave TFA access to all its online eLearning content.  This gift will
allow TFA to provide workforce training opportunities to half a
million persons over the next three years.  We will thank SmartForce
during the luncheon for their enormous gift which has a retail value
that could be as high as nine figures (depending on the number of
courses utilized).
,
Will
Direct, 713.316.5761
Assistant, 713.316.5764 (Rosemarie Foster)
FAX 713.316.5790
TFA Operations Center
3405 Edloe
Suite 300
Houston, Texas  77027
713.961.9945
E-Mail will.reed@techforall.org
Thanks, Lisa.  I appreciate it.  John was asking me to call you and Aleck.
Rosalee
Lisa Assaf@ECT
04/02/2001 10:37 AM
As per your request, I attach a copy of the summary with the latest changes This is the copy which was sent to Mr. Lavorato and his assistant.
,
Lisa
per: Aleck Dadson
Hi Mr. Kapavik -
Please attach info.
dave.kapavik@verizon.com on 03/29/2001 05:23:07 PM
Please respond to  Mr. Lay,
Verizon Enterprise Solutions group invites you to play a round of golf
with a professional golfer at our Gold Pro-Am golf event at the 2001
Byron Nelson.   Being that Verizon is the major sponsor, we have first
choice!  This is a first class event, with details in the enclosed
document.  Please reply if you have any interest in this event by the
end of business Monday, April 2nd.
,
Dave Kapavik
Verizon Enterprise Solutions
Regional Sales Manager - Houston
713/867-6674
Sorry, Ken Lay will be leaving town directly after giving a speech at 10:00 
a.m.
Rosie
Arlene McCarty  Attached are the materials for your review prior to the board meeting on
Tuesday, April 3.  Location & times are at the top of the agenda.   You may
respond by placing your "rsvp" in the "subject" line and hit "reply". Let me
know if you have a problem opening the attachments.  Thanks.
sigs.doc>>   CCS.doc>>
Arlene McCarty
Executive Assistant to the President and CEO
Greater Houston Partnership
(713)844-3602 Phone
(713)844-0202 Fax
amccarty@houston.org
www.houston.org
- Agenda Board 4-03-01.doc
- 03-06-01 minutes.doc
- photo traffic sigs.doc
- Scenic Byways Program 4-3.doc
- Full Formula Funding for CCS.doc
Hi Anne -
Why don't you send an e-mail to Jeff's assistant, Sherri Sera.  Her e-mail 
address is:  sherri.sera@.  My e-mail address is 
rosalee.fleming@.  Thanks!!
Rosie
Anne Culver  Rosalie, how should I go about inviting Jeff Skilling to this dinner?
And what is your direct email address?
Anne, Ken will be out of town.
Rosie
Anne Culver  
The purpose of this email is to provide additional detail to follow up on
the phone call each of you received on Friday, checking availability for
dinner with Congressman DeLay and others on Friday, April 6th.
BACKGROUND  During the last week of February, BCCA and Partnership leaders
met separately with Congressman DeLay, Congressman Joe Barton and with two
top staff members of Mr. DeLay, in order to update them on our extensive
activities aimed at federal Clean Air Act compliance.  Pursuant to those
meetings, Mr. DeLay's office has asked for some follow-up meetings to be
held in Houston on Friday, April 6th.   He intends to travel to this area
on
that day along with, and as host to, Congressman Barton (R-Texas, Chairman
of the Energy and Power Subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and
Commerce) and with Congressman Billy Tauzin (R-Louisiana, Chairman, House
Committee on Energy and Commerce).    The Energy and Commerce Committee has
oversight over Clean Air Act matters.  DeLay has requested support from and
interaction with the BCCA and the Partnership on that day.
APRIL 6TH ACTIVITY  After time spent early in the day in Mr. DeLay's
congressional district to meet with Brazoria and Fort Bend County local
officials, Mr. DeLay has asked us to then pick up the itinerary with a ship
channel tour and presentations on SIP status, science and modeling issues.
We are working closely with Mr. DeLay's staff on all these matters.
He has asked to end the day with a "small dinner with CEOs" to have a frank
discussion about our clean air issues.  This is the dinner my staff called
your office about on Friday.  Clearly, Mr. DeLay is interested in what he
and the other congressmen may be able to due legislatively to assist in
addressing some of the issues we have with the SIP.   He has asked that we
also invite Governor Perry to attend the dinner, which we are doing.  Mr.
DeLay will call the Governor to encourage his attendance.  This will
obviously be a critical opportunity to relay targeted information and
advise
on strategy with key members of Congress and the Governor.  Everyone in
attendance at the dinner will be provided coordinated talking points in
advance.  There may also be a formal briefing arranged immediately before
or
after the April 3 Partnership Board meeting so we can prep in advance.
RSVPs TO DATE  Responses so far indicate that Steve Miller, Ed Galante, Jim
Edmonds and Jim Kollaer are confirmed to attend the dinner.  Charles Duncan
and Kelly Frels are checking calendars.  Ken Lay, Steve Letbetter and Dan
Smith are unavailable.  We do not have a commitment yet from the Governor.
We will likely recruit two or three other CEOs from BCCA member companies
to
attend the dinner.
My current thought is to house the members of Congress at the St. Regis and
to arrange the dinner either at the River Oaks Country Club or possibly at
a
board member's home nearby.
I trust this additional information is useful to you.  I will be the
Partnership point person on this -- please do not hesitate to call me with
any questions you may have.  Thank you.
Anne Culver
Sr. VP, Government Relations
Greater Houston Partnership
713/844-3624 (ph)
713/844-0224 (fax)
aculver@houston.org
Visit our website at www.houston.org
?
Here It Is [IMAGE]
or copy and paste the following link to  your browser:
Humbly,
Reks Brobby
VP, Chief of Communications & Community  Affairs
Reks.Brobby@OperationHOPE.Org
- maillogo.jpg
AlliancetoSaveEnergy@ase.org@crest.org on 03/26/2001 11:52:38 AM
Sent by: owner-e-fficiencynews@crest.org
WELCOME TO e-FFICIENCY NEWS
The monthly newsletter from the
Alliance to Save Energy
February 2001 Vol. 7 No. 3
CONTENTS
WE NEED YOUR HELP
* How Can We Better Meet Your Needs?
* CALL TO ACTION
* Alliance Activists Can Make a Difference
* EFFICIENCY NEWS
* Senator Bingaman, Democrats, Introduce Centrist Energy Bill
* Secretary Abraham Looks for Energy in Wrong Places
* Democratic Task Force Weighs in on Bush Budget
* Senate Hearing Examines Energy-Environmental Relationship
* Financial Guru to Investors: Insulate; NAIMA Debuts New Consumer Web
Site
* IPCC: Energy Efficiency is Key in Mitigating Climate Change
* Barriers to Energy Efficiency In Public, Private Organizations
* State of the World Report
* List Your Company in Two New CA Directories
* Dallas Cleans the Air with the IECC Energy Code
* Alliance Associates Honored with Awards
* ALLIANCE NEWS
* Alliance Offers Earth Day, Tax, Home Improvement Tips to Save Money
* Special Issue of e-FFICIENCY NEWS to Analyze Federal Budget
* EYE OPENERS
* Energy Efficiency Facts Even Children Can Understand
* Schools Spending on Energy
* Save the Planet, Spare Your Wallet
* EFFICIENCY EVENTS
* Change in Location for National Energy Modeling System/Annual Energy
Outlook Conference March 27
* NAESCO=01,s 2001 Mid-Year Conference May 22-24
* Peak Load Management Conference April 30-May 1
* Environmental Film Festival April 5-8
* Energy Efficiency Workshop, Exposition June 3-6
* Pacific Gas and Electric RFP
* EFFICIENCY PEOPLE
* Energy Job Openings
WE NEED YOUR HELP
How Can We Better Meet Your Needs?
This year, e-FFICIENCY NEWS has a new editor and a new production schedule.
First, e-FFICIENCY NEWS has upgraded from a bimonthly to a monthly
newsletter.  In order to make e-FFICIENCY NEWS more responsive, more
interactive, and more useful, we need your help.  Please fill out a brief
survey and tell us how to make e-FFICIENCY NEWS better fit your needs.
The survey can be found at:
www.ase.org/e-FFICIENCY/e-fnsurvey.htm
< 
Gadi Nevo Ben-Yehuda
e-DITOR, e-FFICIENCY NEWS
The Alliance to Save Energy
CALL TO ACTION
Alliance Activists Can Make a Difference
As the country deals with a mounting energy crisis, the Department of Energy
(DOE) may be planning an estimated 30-35 percent cut in the energy
efficiency and renewable energy research and development programs budget.
The Alliance calls on all responsible citizens to  encourage the
administration to do the right thing.  Becoming an Alliance Activist is the
first step.
Become an Alliance Activist:
< 
Read the Alliance information page and send a letter to President Bush:
< 
EFFICIENCY NEWS
Senator Bingaman, Democrats, Introduce Centrist Energy Bill
Senator Jeff Bingaman (NM), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Energy and
Natural Resources Committee and Chair of the Alliance to Save Energy,
introduced comprehensive legislation to shape the nation's energy policy.
``If we want to tackle [our energy] problem[s] head-on, we need a
comprehensive plan that commits to increasing domestic production and to
using energy more efficiently throughout the economy.  I believe this
legislation sets out that plan," Bingaman said.
Read more:
www.senate.gov/~bingaman 
Read Alliance President David Nemtzow=01,s response:
www.ase.org/media/newsrel/bingdaschnrg.htm
< 
Secretary Abraham Looks for Energy in Wrong Places
Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, addressing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,
noted:  =01&America faces a major energy supply crisis over the next two
decades.=018  But Abraham, like President Bush, is looking mainly to increase
our supply of oil, coal, and natural gas, rather than approach both the
supply and demand sides of the issue.  Secretary Abraham mentioned energy
efficiency only once in his entire speech, even though a reduction in demand
is the quickest, cleanest, cheapest (and most reliable!) energy source at
our disposal.
Read Secretary Abraham=01,s remarks:
www.energy.gov/HQDocs/speeches/2001/marss/energy_speech.html
< 
Democratic Task Force Weighs in on Bush Budget
Last week, House Democrats threw their hat into the ring as the Democratic
Caucus Energy Task Force held a news conference decrying Bush Administration
intentions to cut energy research significantly in their FY 2002 budget.
The Alliance is quoted in their report, which emphasizes the role of
research and development in providing long-term energy solutions.
Read the report:
www.house.gov/house/orgs_pub_hse_ldr_www.html
< 
Click on Democratic Leadership.
Senate Hearing Examines Energy-Environmental Relationship
Alliance president David Nemtzow testified at a March 21 Senate Environment
Committee Subcommittee hearing on the relationship of energy policies and
environmental policies.  Nemtzow pointed out that energy efficiency is now
our nation=01,s second largest energy source.  He also offered a series of
recommendations for the Senators simultaneously to promote energy and
environmental goals.
For a copy of the oral version of his testimony and charts:
www.ase.org/policy/testimony/march2101.htm
< 
Financial Guru to Investors: Insulate; NAIMA Debuts New Consumer Web Site
Parade Magazine February 18 personal finance writer  Andrew Tobias advises
readers =01&How to Invest in Uncertain Times.=018  His great home improvement
invest tip: =01&Earn 50 percent or more [on your investment] installing
insulation and weather-stripping to cut your heating and air-conditioning
costs=018
To educate consumers,  the North American Insulation Manufacturer=01,s
Association (NAIMA) has launched a radio campaign and a new consumer web
site with a quiz to determine what your "IQ" is - your Insulation Quotient.
Also on their new consumer site is a =01&savings calculator.=018
Take the quiz and see the consumer information at:
< 
IPCC: Energy Efficiency is Key in Mitigating Climate Change
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) released the third and
final volume of its Third Assessment Report on climate change, which
examines climate change mitigation strategies and places a heavy emphasis on
using energy wisely. The report finds that energy efficiency for buildings,
transportation, and industry could account for more than half of the
potential greenhouse gas reductions achievable by 2020. Natural gas
technologies, more efficient power plant technologies, and combined heat and
power play an important role in reducing fossil energy power plant
emissions. And "low-carbon energy systems," such as renewable energy, can
also make an important contribution. Perhaps equally important is the
finding that there is "no single path to a low emission future."
Read more:
www.unep.ch/ipcc 
Barriers to Energy Efficiency In Public, Private Organizations
There is a gap between the opportunities for cost-effective energy-
efficiency investment identified in energy models and the levels actually
seen in practice, according to SPRU, a science and technology policy
research group in England. The origins of the gap are claimed to lie in a
series of barriers, such as lack of capital, lack of information or hidden
costs, which prevent markets for energy and energy-using technologies from
operating efficiently.  SPRU says that understanding the size and nature of
this gap is essential if policies to mitigate climate change through
improved energy efficiency are to be successful. These policies must succeed
in the context of liberalizing energy markets and increasing interest in the
development of a broadly based energy service industry.
Read more:
www.sussex.ac.uk/spru/environment/research/barriers.html
< 
State of the World Report
From the thinning of the Arctic sea ice to the invasion of the
mosquito-borne West Nile virus, the Worldwatch Institute's State of the
World 2001 shows how the economic boom of the last decade has damaged
natural systems.   The report takes a fresh look at the most difficult
challenge the world faces: how to build an environmentally sustainable
economy before we do permanent damage to the natural systems that support
our global civilization.
Read more:
secure.worldwatch.org/cgi-bin/wwinst/SOW01P
< 
List Your Company in Two New CA Directories
The California Energy Commission is currently putting together The  2001
Energy Technology Export Directory of California Companies
and the U.S. Energy Efficiency/Renewable Energy Technology Export Directory
2001.  Listing your company in either directory is free of charge. In
addition, Spanish language versions of the paperback, compact disc, and an
online interactive directory will be produced later in 2001.
Read more:
www.energy.ca.gov/export/notices/2001-02-01_notice.html
< 
Dallas Cleans the Air with the IECC Energy Code
The North Central Texas Council of Governments (NCTCOG) voted this month to
adopt the 2000 International Energy Conservation Code (IECC) for the Dallas
region.  This area accounts for almost 50,000 housing starts a year, more
than are built in 42 states.  One of the main reasons for adopting the code
is the area's commitment to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions as part of the
Texas state plan for controlling smog.  Since the IECC contains a new
standard for reducing window solar heat gain, which reduces air conditioning
energy use substantially, it cuts NOx emissions from the power plants that
serve the air conditioning load.  The Alliance supported Public Citizen, the
Texas Building Energy Institute, the Sustainable Living Alliance, NCTCOG
staff, and others in this effort, working with the Building Codes Assistance
Project and Alliance Associates.
Alliance Associates Honored with Awards
Many Alliance Associates were honored at the 2001 Energy Star Awards
Ceremony, hosted by the US Environmental Protection Agency and the
Department of Energy.  Additionally, the Industrial Energy Technology
Conference (IETC) has selected Alliance Associate Owens Corning for a
prestigious award for outstanding contributions to industrial energy
efficiency and environmental stewardship.
For a complete list of Energy Star award winners:
www.epa.gov/nrgystar/pdf/winners_2001.pdf
< 
Read more about the IETC award:
www-esl.tamu.edu/ietc 
For more information, email Malcolm Verdict at
mverdict@ase.org  
ALLIANCE NEWS
Alliance Offers Earth Day, Tax, Home Improvement Tips to Save Money
Amidst a backdrop of soaring energy prices and electricity reliability
problems as Earth Day 2001 dawns April 22, consumers are also dealing with
income tax returns and home improvements to get ready for summer. The
Alliance to Save Energy offers consumers tips on how to "earn" money by
investing in energy-efficiency improvements in their homes and
simultaneously reduce pollution and greenhouse gas emissions with little
effort.
Read more:
www.ase.org/media/newsrel/earthdaytips.htm
< 
Special Issue of e-FFICIENCY NEWS to Analyze Federal Budget
The first federal budget proposed by the Bush Administration is due on or
about April 3.  Shortly after, the Alliance to Save Energy=01,s Policy Team
will post a detailed analysis on the Alliance web site and will be covered
in a special issue e-FFICIENCY NEWS.
For Alliance policy news:
www.ase.org/policy 
EYE OPENERS
Energy Efficiency Facts Even Children Can Understand
A vacant house at 55 Fahrenheit uses more energy for heating than an
occupied one at 68 Fahrenheit, according to GPU Energy.  The activity in an
occupied house radiates a certain amount of heat and some of the energy
users in your home are still operating while you areaway. Designed
specifically for teachers and students, the GPU website features
energy-related games, activities, experiments, downloadable teaching
modules, and lesson plans on a variety of energy, electrical safety, energy
conservation, and environment-related topics.
Read more:
www.gpukids.com 
Schools Spending on Energy
Did you know that schools spend more on energy than on computers and
textbooks combined?  For more facts about energy and energy efficiency,
visit:
www.ase.org/consumer/didyouknow 
For more on schools and energy efficiency, visit:
www.ase.org/greenschools 
Save the Planet, Spare Your Wallet
How much do you know about reducing water and energy consumption in the
home? Take Environmental News Network=01,s (ENN) home energy and water
efficiency quiz and learn new ways to save money and the planet:
www.enn.com/news/enn-stories/2001/03/03162001/homequiz_42465.asp?site=3Demail
< 
e=3Demail>
EFFICIENCY EVENTS
Change in Location for National Energy Modeling System/Annual Energy Outlook
Conference March 27
J.W. Marriott, 1331 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, DC.
For information about the conference, visit:
www.eia.doe.gov/oiaf/aeo/conf If you have questions about registration or other conference information,
please contact one of:
Susan Holte at 202/586-4838 or susan.holte@eia.doe.gov
Peggy Wells at 202/586-0109 or peggy.wells@eia.doe.gov
NAESCO=01,s 2001 Mid-Year Conference May 22-24
Register online or view agenda at
www.naesco.org 
Peak Load Management Conference April 30-May 1
The Role of Demand Response Programs: Keeping the Grid Operating will focus
on the future of demand response programs.
Read more:
www.peaklma.com/spring2001.html 
Environmental Film Festival April 5-8
Join environmental activists, media makers, educators, scientists, public
officials, and funders for the third annual Hazel Wolf Environmental Film
Festival.
Read more:
< 
Energy Efficiency Workshop, Exposition June 3-6
=018New Horizons - Solutions for the 21st Century,=018 sponsored by Federal Energy
Management Program, meets in Kansas City, MO, June 3-6. to help government
and private sector energy managers do their jobs better by showing the
latest strategies, products, and resources available.
For more information:
www.energy2001.ee.doe.gov 
To register, call
800/395-8574 or
321/638-1014
Pacific Gas and Electric RFP
Pacific Gas & Electric Company is seeking third-party proposals that target
Underserved and Hard-to-Reach market sectors
Please contact Sharon Stone at 415-973-4388 for bid package.
Bids must be returned by 2pm Wednesday, April 11, 2001.
More Information:
www.pge.com/purchasing Click on Bid Opportunities,
or more directly,
www.pge.com/009_about/009b1_bid_oppt.shtml
< 
EFFICIENCY PEOPLE
Energy Job Openings
Looking for a position in the energy nonprofit field? There are several
positions available, including:
Alliance to Save Energy
Development Associate
< 
The American Council for an
Energy-Efficient Economy
Energy Policy Director
< 
CONTACT US
Need to reach someone at the Alliance to Save Energy? Check out our staff
listings by name and by area of expertise.
This e-mail newsletter is sent bimonthly to anyone interested in
energy-efficiency issues.
Gadi Nevo Ben-Yehuda, Editor, webmaster@ase.org  David Nemtzow, Publisher, nemtzow@ase.org  
To be removed from this list, do not reply to this message. Instead, send a
message to:
Majordomo@lists.ase.org  
In the body of the message type in "unsubscribe e-fficiencynews" (without
the quote marks). Do not include any other message in the body, including
your signature file.
If a friend has forwarded this message to you and you=01,d like to get it
yourself, send us a message:
subscribe@ase.org  
Do you have news you=01,d like to share with us? Do you have comments about
e-FFICIENCY NEWS? Want to write an opinion piece?  Letter to the editor?
Share some information with others?  We=01,d enjoy hearing from you. Send your
news and comments to  
Alliance to Save Energy
1200 18th St., NW, Suite 900
Washington, DC 20036
202/857-0666
info@ase.org
< 
Anne, Ken will be out of town.
Rosie
Anne Culver  The purpose of this email is to provide additional detail to follow up on
the phone call each of you received on Friday, checking availability for
dinner with Congressman DeLay and others on Friday, April 6th.
BACKGROUND  During the last week of February, BCCA and Partnership leaders
met separately with Congressman DeLay, Congressman Joe Barton and with two
top staff members of Mr. DeLay, in order to update them on our extensive
activities aimed at federal Clean Air Act compliance.  Pursuant to those
meetings, Mr. DeLay's office has asked for some follow-up meetings to be
held in Houston on Friday, April 6th.   He intends to travel to this area on
that day along with, and as host to, Congressman Barton (R-Texas, Chairman
of the Energy and Power Subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and
Commerce) and with Congressman Billy Tauzin (R-Louisiana, Chairman, House
Committee on Energy and Commerce).    The Energy and Commerce Committee has
oversight over Clean Air Act matters.  DeLay has requested support from and
interaction with the BCCA and the Partnership on that day.
APRIL 6TH ACTIVITY  After time spent early in the day in Mr. DeLay's
congressional district to meet with Brazoria and Fort Bend County local
officials, Mr. DeLay has asked us to then pick up the itinerary with a ship
channel tour and presentations on SIP status, science and modeling issues.
We are working closely with Mr. DeLay's staff on all these matters.
He has asked to end the day with a "small dinner with CEOs" to have a frank
discussion about our clean air issues.  This is the dinner my staff called
your office about on Friday.  Clearly, Mr. DeLay is interested in what he
and the other congressmen may be able to due legislatively to assist in
addressing some of the issues we have with the SIP.   He has asked that we
also invite Governor Perry to attend the dinner, which we are doing.  Mr.
DeLay will call the Governor to encourage his attendance.  This will
obviously be a critical opportunity to relay targeted information and advise
on strategy with key members of Congress and the Governor.  Everyone in
attendance at the dinner will be provided coordinated talking points in
advance.  There may also be a formal briefing arranged immediately before or
after the April 3 Partnership Board meeting so we can prep in advance.
RSVPs TO DATE  Responses so far indicate that Steve Miller, Ed Galante, Jim
Edmonds and Jim Kollaer are confirmed to attend the dinner.  Charles Duncan
and Kelly Frels are checking calendars.  Ken Lay, Steve Letbetter and Dan
Smith are unavailable.  We do not have a commitment yet from the Governor.
We will likely recruit two or three other CEOs from BCCA member companies to
attend the dinner.
My current thought is to house the members of Congress at the St. Regis and
to arrange the dinner either at the River Oaks Country Club or possibly at a
board member's home nearby.
I trust this additional information is useful to you.  I will be the
Partnership point person on this -- please do not hesitate to call me with
any questions you may have.  Thank you.
Anne Culver
Sr. VP, Government Relations
Greater Houston Partnership
713/844-3624 (ph)
713/844-0224 (fax)
aculver@houston.org
Visit our website at www.houston.org
Hi Colin -
Ken Lay asked me to advise you that this is fine with him.
Rosie
Colin Skellett@AZURIX
10/26/2000 10:20 AM
Sent by: Lisa Hobbs@AZURIX
Ken
Thanks for sending me the request from the Duchess of Northumbria for help 
with her garden project.  I have discussed this with John Wakeham and our 
view is that unless you have any other reason for helping with this, we 
should say a polite "no".
The background is summarised on the attached briefing note from Mike O'Neill, 
Managing Director of Lurgi Invent.
Alnwick Castle is several hundred miles out of the Wessex region so it really 
is difficult to justify any Wessex help.  Lurgi Invent has done a little work 
for the Duchess in providing water features for the garden.  However, this 
business currently loses o1 million a year so we would be reluctant to see 
any sponsorship out of Lurgi Invent.
Given the nature of the project, the approach from the Duchess and the fact 
that she can clearly afford to pay for it herself, we really do believe no is 
the right answer.
Please let me know if you want any further information or if you want me to 
correspond direct with the Duchess.
Best wishes.
Colin
Hi Carolyn -
Please let Mr. Vaughan know that Mr. Lay will be on vacation on April 19.  Re 
the other 2 meetings, he has a conflict also - an outside board.  I will show 
him Mr. Vaughan's letter.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Please see the attached letter from Mr. Vaughan.
Carolyn Ross
Office of Gene Vaughan
Vaughan, Nelson, Scarborough & McCullough
713/986-4108 (phone)
713/986-4188 (fax)
- Board 3-23-01 email--re 4-19 mtg.doc
Hi Jeanine -
I have checked with Jeff Skilling's office and he is not available on June 
26.  May we go back to the drawing board?  We can offer some time in the 
afternoon of August 7, 8 or 9 - possibly 2:00 p.m. on one of those days Those dates are currently good for Ken Lay, Jeff Skilling and Dave Delainey Please advise at your earliest convenience.
Rosalee
Over the next few weeks, Salomon Smith Barney will be underwriting several
municipal bond issues that will be free of federal, state and local tax.  If
you'd like additional information about these issues, please feel free to
contact me.  Otherwise, take care.
All the best
Ted
Theodore A. Schwab
Senior Vice President - Investments
Senior Portfolio Manager
Salomon Smith Barney Inc.
Member SIPC
1850 K. St. NW, Suite 900
Washington D.C. 20006
202-862-2896 (Phone)
800-424-3209 (Toll Free)
202-857-5460 (Fax)
theodore.a.schwab@rssmb.com
www.smithbarney.com(HomePage)
www.ssbfcs.com/schwab(Bio)
If you no longer wish to receive communications from me, please let me know
via email, fax or phone.
Outsource Your Investor Relations to
One of the Nation's Leading Investor Relations Agencies
Why are more and more public companies hiring Carl Thompson Associates for 
investor relations help? Because we have a proven track record. And our 
industry has rated us one of the best.
Founded in 1985, Carl Thompson Associates has grown to become one of the 
nation's leading full-service investor relations firms, providing Annual 
Report and web design services, EDGAR filings, proxy stock charting, 
broker/analyst meetings and media relations services to public companies 
across the U.S.
Our full-service agency specializes in working with small cap companies 
throughout the U.S. with limited budgets and staff. As one of the oldest and 
largest investor relations practices in the country, we're an excellent 
alternative for companies needing a national agency at an affordable price.
Our goal? To enhance the future financing needs of public companies through a 
consistent, fair stock valuation. How? By bringing new brokerage firms, 
individual investors and institutions into the stock, as well as obtaining 
research coverage and national media exposure.
In conclusion, if you want to affect your stock price and p/e through
additional retail support,
more analyst coverage,
increased institutional ownership,
greater stock volume,
media exposure,
more effective IR "packaging" - i.e. web site, corporate profile, slide show, 
annual report, investor kit, etc.
then call me at (800) 959-9677 and let's talk.
Give us a chance to handle your investor relations so you can get back to 
running your company. Meanwhile, you can find our client roster, prices, case 
studies, references and services on our web site at or skim our slide show presentation.
We WANT your business!
Sincerely,
Carl Thompson
Chief Executive Officer
carl@ctaonline.com 
- TEXT.htm
- IMAGE.gif
- IMAGE.gif
The Globalist/Stephan Richter  12:11:56 PM
Dear Dr. Lay:
New this week on www.TheGlobalist.com:
RUDI DORNBUSCH ON INCOME INEQUALITY
Poverty is bad -- but income inequality is not. MIT Professor Rudi
Dornbusch makes the argument that the development community
should not confuse inequality with poverty -- even though at the
bottom they might feel the same.
Coming Monday: A New Globalist Paper
PRICING AIDS MEDICATIONS TO A HUMAN SCALE
In a scramble for good publicity, pharmaceutical companies have
started a downward bidding war in pricing AIDS medications for
African markets. To add a much-needed measure of fairness to
the process, we propose a better alternative -- adjusting the price
of treatment to per-capita GDP.
from Washington,
Stephan Richter
Publisher and Editor-in-Chief
www.TheGlobalist.com
Also this week:
JAPAN -- DON'T TRUST ANYONE OVER 55!
During the course of its decade-long economic malaise, Japan
has tried just about every trick in the book to get its economy
growing again. We may have found the answer -- but be warned,
those over the age of 55 may not like it!
CHINA'S CARIBBEAN ISLAND HIDEAWAY
Why does China have an embassy on the tiny Caribbean island
of St. Lucia -- an island 8,000 miles away from Beijing and with which
it has few economic or political ties?
Coming Friday: A New Globalist Bookshelf Feature
ROBERT KAPLAN ON THE TURKEY-ISRAEL AXIS
Turkey is in the midst of an economic crisis -- and Israel's relations
with the Palestinians have steadily deteriorated. So what do these
countries have to gain by forming a strategic alliance?
To unsubscribe from this service, click here:
[Tracking ID:985284327|6188]
Richard Nolan  Dear Mr Lay
Issue 53 - 22nd March 2001
CONTENTS
1 - This Weeks E-News Stories
2 - Special Features in MENA Petroleum Bulletin for 2001
3 - Free issues of MENA Petroleum Bulletin
4 - Personalise Your E-news Stories
5 - Market Analysis Report News
6 - Author Opportunities with SMi's Market Analysis Report Series
7 - Conference News, Speaker Opportunities
8 - Feedback: Let us know how you feel we could improve this service
Welcome to MENA E-News, delivering you the latest Middle East and North
African oil, gas, power and petrochemical headlines to your virtual doorstep
MENA E-news is your FREE personalised weekly news service from the
publishers of MENA Petroleum Bulletin
Why is it E-News different?  Because you can personalise your issues to make
sure you receive the stories that matter to you.
******E-NEWS THIS WEEK 
OPEC ANNOUNCE 1M BBL/D CUTS
Geneva - OPEC members agreed further production cuts this week, announcing a
further 1m bbl/d decrease in member outputs. As a result oil prices pushed
slightly higher with NYMEX crude trading at $26.80 and IPEC crude trading at
25.06. OPEC ministers have indicated that members have highlighted $25/bbl
as a price that they feel comfortable with.The decreases per country were as
follows:
Algeria - 32,000
Indonesia - 52,000
Iran - 146,000
Kuwait - 80,000
Libya - 54,000
Nigeria - 82,000
Qatar - 26,000
Saudi Arabia - 324,000
UAE - 88,000
Venezuela - 116,000
Total - 1,000,000
ENERGY AFRICA LOOK TOWARD THE MOROCCAN DEEP
Rabat - This week the MENA Petroleum Bulletin spoke with Andrew Windham,
Group General Counsel for Energy Africa. Amina Benkhadra, General Manager of
ONAREP (25%) added to the growing list of re-entrants to Morocco, signing a
petroleum agreement with Energy Africa (63.75%) and Taurus Petroleum AB
(11.25%). This agreement, taking effect March 1st 2001, concerned three
exploration permits offshore Morocco collectively known as the Tiznit
Offshore area.
Energy Africa Morocco Ltd (operator), together with Taurus Petroleum
(co-partner) will implement exploration work on the three permits of the
Tiznit Offshore area covering approximately 6000sq.km. This is Energy
Africa's second Petroleum Agreement covering acreage offshore Morocco, the
first being the Cap Draa Haute Mer area where Energy Africa holds 20% equity
bringing the total acreage held by it in the country to 18,000sq.km.
Andrew Windham, said, 'the country has all the characteristics offshore
which make potentially, for substantial discoveries. But at this stage it is
very much untried and untested, so it is a very exciting place to be at the
moment. We are in right at the start of some new plays.'
For further details please see the April issue of the MENA Petroleum
Bulletin.
REPSOL MAKE 2ND LIBYA DISCOVERY
London - Repsol YPF SA said it discovered oil at a second well during
exploration in Libya. The well in the Murzuq Basin, 800km south of Tripoli,
produced oil at a rate of 1,300bbl/d, the company said in a press release.
Repsol is testing the site on behalf of a consortium including OMV,
TotalFinaElf and Saga Petroleum. Repsol began searching for oil in the area
in May 1998, when the Libyan government granted approval for exploration and
production sharing arrangements with foreign companies. The companies
currently produce more than 160,000bbl/d from the Murzuq Basin, said the
company.
AHMED ABDELKARIM CONFIRMED AS NEW HEAD OF NOC
Tripoli - Further to reports this week from Libya Ahmed Abdel-Karim Ahmed
has been formally appointed as Chairman of NOC, following reports that he
had been removed from the position. Representing Libya at the OPEC
conference in Geneva it was confirmed that Al-Badri has been appointed as
Deputy Prime Minister for Social Security. The news will comfort foreign
investors who feared that further upheaval would hinder an already slow
ratification process, with approvals outstanding for three packages of
blocks offered by NOC in late 2000.
*******SPECIAL FEATURES FOR 2001 
The MENA Petroleum Bulletin is to initiate rankings and league tables for
the top suppliers to the oil and gas sector. The first of these special
features will be an objective survey of law firms and their involvement in
the Middle East & North African region during 2000, and will appear in the
April 2001 issue. The feature will rank the region's best legal practices
involved in corporate finance, project finance, mergers and acquisitions and
contractual law. Further surveys are planned for 2001 and will include
analysis of the leading integrated contractors, the leading financial
institutions and the leading independent contractors and suppliers. The full
results and analysis of this market research will be available only to MENA
subscribers.
******FREE ISSUES OF THE MENA PETROLEUM BULLETIN 
As a subscriber to MENA E-News we would like to offer you a two-month trial
subscription to the MENA Petroleum Bulletin absolutely free!
The MENA Petroleum Bulletin analyses the major developments in the region's
oil, gas, power and petrochemical sectors. From Morocco to Iran the MENA
Petroleum Bulletin delivers market commentary on the liberalisation and
regulation of the region's oil, gas, power and petrochemicals markets. Each
month subscribers to the MENA Petroleum Bulletin receive news of policy,
regulation and liberalisation that directly impact upon the ability of you
and your organisation to take advantage of the emerging business
opportunities. With the suspension of UN sanctions against Libya and the
ameliorating relationship between Iran and The West, there is no better time
to take advantage of the myriad projects on offer.
Our features, which are written by industry insiders and regional
correspondents, provide in-depth news coverage, incisive commentary and
vital market analysis. Each issue contains a country profile, project
profile and an interview with a leading industry expert to ensure that you
are kept informed of recent developments in the region.
FREE with the MENA Petroleum Bulletin each month is the PROJECT TRACKER,
which analyses the status of individual projects and tenders in each
country. With over 32-pages of projects, the PROJECT TRACKER ensures that
you are informed of licensing rounds, EOR projects, 'Buy-back' projects,
FEED and EPC tenders as and when they happen. Complete with contact listings
for each project the information you need is always at your disposal when
you subscribe to the MENA Petroleum Bulletin. No other publication offers
this service, and it is available to you FREE of charge when you subscribe.
Please feel free to request your two free issues by forwarding your full
postal address to Our Client Service department at
Alternatively, please visit our web site for further details at
*****PERSONALISE YOUR E-NEWS STORIES 
PERSONALISE your weekly copy of MENA E-News to receive the latest stories
that interest you and Enron Corp.
Simply reply to this e-mail with a selection of four of the following
categories and we will guarantee that these sector headlines will be
delivered direct to your in-box each week.
Government Policy, Taxation & Regulation
Oil & Gas Exploration, Drilling and Development
Gas Transportation, Marketing & Sales
Oil Pipelines & Transportation
Oil Production and Global Crude Oil Markets
Gas Production
LNG
Construction & Engineering
Mergers & Acquisitions
International Sanctions
Power Generation & Transmission
Petrochemicals
For more information on MENA Petroleum Bulletin, and a chance to win a FREE
bottle of champagne, please visit our web-site
Alternatively e-mail us at mailto:enquiries@smi-online.co.uk
*****MARKET ANALYIS REPORT NEWS 
ALGERIAN OIL AND GAS REPORT
Approximately 90% of Algeria's crude oil exports go to Western Europe, with
Italy as the main market followed by Germany and France. Algeria accounts
for one-quarter of EU gas imports. With the de-regulation and liberalisation
of the European gas market, Algeria is ideally located to meet the gas
demands of Iberia and the Eastern Mediterranean Basin. This will depend upon
the degree to which foreign investment can be attracted.
This Report provides a comprehensive examination of the oil and gas industry
in Algeria, and the prime and potential markets for Algerian energy
products. Specifically, the Report will provide you with a complete analysis
on
* All major oil and gas field/projects.
* Southern European gas demand forecasts
* Corporate Directory
* BP Amoco's natural gas strategy
* Country Risk Analysis
The Report is essential reading for exploration and production, business
development, procurement and contractors, across the oil, gas and power
industries: everyone involved in, or interested in entering Algeria's energy
sector. For further information please visit
www.smipublishing.co.uk/algeria4.asp
THE MIDDLE EASTERN POWER REPORT
This market analysis report is designed to provide a comprehensive
understanding of all aspects of the power industry in the countries of the
Middle East.  The report features energy profiles, industrial structures,
supply and demand data and forecasts, policy and de-regulation issues of the
private sector, as well as investment and future prospects within the
following countries:
* Iran  * Iraq  * Kuwait
* Jordan * Oman  * Saudi Arabia
* Syria  * UAE  * Qatar
* Yemen * Pakistan * Turkey
* Egypt  * Bahrain * Lebanon
For more information on this report e-mail us at:
Alternatively visit us at  
LNG TRADE MARKET REPORT
LNG Trade: A Review of Projects, Markets and Key Issues in the Changing
World of LNG is a truly comprehensive overview of international supply and
use of Liquefied Natural Gas today. The author addresses a number of key
commercial, financial, technical and safety issues which are essential
considerations for those seeking to participate in the development of LNG
projects and in the changing business of LNG trade. This Report provides you
and your company with
* An introduction to LNG trade and technology
* Factual information about world LNG terminals, shipping and supply
contracts
* A country-by-country analysis of LNG markets and projects
* A review of LNG supply economics and project development
* A discussion of the commercial, financial, engineering and safety issues
relevant to LNG trade today
You can order your copy of this essential report online and also find out
about SMi's full range of Market Analysis Reports and Newsletters at:
Or email mailto:enquiries@smi-online.co.uk
****AUTHOR OPPORTUNITIES WITH SMi's MARKET ANALYSIS REPORT SERIES 
SMi Publishing Ltd is a leading publisher of business to business
information.
Our Market Analysis Reports are 30,000 word rigorous analytical briefings
providing timely industry and market forecasts. We are looking for authors
to write for our Energy portfolio on topics such as:
- Deep and Ultra-Deep Water Drilling
- Smart Reservoirs
- Coal-Bed Methane
- EP Data Management
If you or one of your colleagues are interested in writing a Report, please
contact Victoria Smith: mailto:egray@smi-online.co.uk
*****CONFERENCE NEWS 
North Africa's most exciting opportunities discussed at 
MOROCCAN & TUNISIAN ENERGY
4th - 5th April, The Hatton, London
With the rapid changes to legislation the timing couldn't be better.  SMi
Conferences offer the essential guide to the latest market developments and
opportunities in Morocco and Tunisia. All the key issues will be covered
from the new legal landscape to practical case studies of existing
successful E&P activities.
You can't afford to miss this insight into market developments. As a busy
professional, our event offers you the easy way to ensure you are aware of
all the opportunities in this exciting new market in just two days.  Not
only will you benefit from this intensive programme, you will also hear the
first hand experiences of those already operating in this flourishing
market.
Key speakers include:
* Amina Benkhadra, Managing Director, ONAREP
* Paul Ashton, Exploration Manager, Vanco Energy
* John Sobehrad, President, Skidmore Energy
* Derek Evoy, Manager, International Exploration and Exploitation,
Petro-Canada
* Jameleddine Lazreg, Promotion Department, ETAP
For further information please visit:
alternatively please ring
+ 44 207 827 6110
MENA POWER
23 & 24th April 2001, Crowne Plaza Hotel, Dubai
For further information visit
The timing of this conference couldn't be better as the Middle East and
North African region gears up to offer further independent power projects.
SMi forthcoming conference titled Middle East North African Power, taking
place 23rd and 24th April 2001 aims to bring together all levels of
participants to explain their understanding and thinking for the future of
Middle East and North African power development.
Many countries experience blackouts and electrical faults on a daily basis,
governments in the Middle East and North Africa are now increasingly pinning
their hopes on the Independent Power Project run in conjunction with major
International investors to solve this problem.   Relaxation of Middle East
law has allowed outside investment and many see this moving the Middle East
power industry towards privatisation.
Key Speakers at this event include:
* Engineer Mahmoud Al-Ees, Head of Planning Studies, Ministry of Energy and
Mineral Resources - Jordan
* Dr Ranald Spiers, Regional Director Middle East & Africa, National Power
Plc
* Steve Wildman, Commercial Director, Alstom Gas Turbines
* Tom Thomason, Project Manager, InterGen
* Daniel J. Meier, Area Sales Manager, ABB High Voltage Technologies
* Dr Thomas Stauffer, International Oil and Finance Consultant (Formerly
with M.I.T)
MENA Power takes place on 23rd & 24th April 2001 at the Crowne Plaza Hotel,
Dubai.  The full conference programme is available at
or call + 44 (0) 20 7827
6110
As a subscriber to our MENA E-News service, I would like to highlight the
following speaker, chairman and workshop leader opportunities available at
our Algeria III conference:
ALGERIA III
4 and 5 June 2001, Algiers, Algeria
A review of SMi's Algerian Management Report can be found on:
Our conference division is currently organising an event to examine
Algeria's place in the oil and gas environment.
We are looking to bring together a key audience of specialists, economists,
academics as well as politicians and key decision-makers and would like to
hear from anyone interested in participating in this conference as a
speaker, chairman or workshop leader.
Topics we are looking to tackle include, but are not inclusive of:
Examining Algeria's petroleum code
Algeria's role in the North African region
Algeria's oil and gas industry
Infra-structure developments
Financing and operating issues
Case studies of key Algerian oil fields
Algeria's licensing rounds and how to succeed
Legal issues
Political and operational risk issues
This conference is taking place on the 4 - 5 June 2001, in Algiers.
A review of SMi's Algerian Management Report can be found on:
The Aims & Objectives of the Conference
Algeria has always attracted a large amount of interest from the
international oil and gas community.  With a new licensing round under
discussion and petroleum code under review, this conference aims to act as a
forum for all aspects of the oil and gas industry to come together and
discuss the future development of Algeria's oil and gas sector.  Moving away
from the traditional investing in format of conference, this forum aims to
look at specific field studies and also the future markets and developments
within the Algerian oil and gas industry.  It will focus on the commercial
opportunities that exist in helping Algeria reach these markets and allow
for strategic analysis of the impact of this supplier.  It will examine
current MENA energy flows and how they might look in the future with Algeria
asserting its role as the Mediterranean's major producing nation.
If you would like to receive further information on this conference or
discuss your participation in more detail, please contact Wendy Parker the
conference organiser on the numbers below.
Wendy Parker
Conference Producer
Tel:  +44 (0)20 7827 6130
Fax:  +44 (0)20 7827 6131
Email: wparker@smi-online.co.uk
******YOUR FEEDBACK 
We hope you have found this weeks copy of E-News beneficial.  We are always
keen to receive your comments and ways you feel we could improve this
service. mailto:feedback@smipublishing.co.uk
,
Richard Nolan
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO FORWARD THIS MESSAGE ON TO A FRIEND OR COLLEAGUE YOU
FEEL IT WOULD BE OF INTEREST TO
_________________________________________________________
This mail was not sent unsolicited if you would prefer not to receive
information from us by e-mail please reply placing the word "Remove" as the
subject
_________________________________________________________
You are currently subscribed to MENA E-News as: [klay@.]
Kenneth Lay will not be able to attend.
Please respond to dmitry@worldrg.com
On behalf of World Congress, it is my great honor to invite you to=20
participate in the WORLD ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CONGRESS 2001, held in=20
association with the BUSINESS WEEK 10th Annual Asia Leadership Forum, from=20
June 27-29 at the Putra World Trade Centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
WEDC annually convenes over 1000 business and government leaders worldwide to=20
discuss new dynamics in infrastructure and global economic development.
Focusing on development priorities that need immediate implementation WEDC is=20
the top international infrastructure forum featuring:
????????? Focused industry Summits on Water, Energy and Telecom=20
????????? Executive Briefings focusing on innovations in IT/E-Commerce, Risk=20
Management and Infrastructure Finance
????????? Over 100 exhibitors of direct relevance to you who will showcase=20
their products and services
????????? Country briefings presenting investment opportunities in China,=20
India, Malaysia, and more
As a WEDC participant you will get access to Business Week's Asia Leadership=20
Forum keynotes including The Right Honorable John Major, former Prime=20
Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; Fidel Ramos, former President=20
of the Republic of the Philippines and His Excellency Dr. Supachai=20
Panitchpakdi, Deputy Prime Minister & Minister of Commerce, Thailand &=20
incoming Secretary General WTO.=20
You will also get access to WEDC confirmedspeakers includingTrevor Manuel,=20
Minister of Finance, Republic of South Africa, Minister Yeo Cheow Tong,=20
Minister, Ministry of Communication & Information Technology, Singapore; Dr.=20
Othman Yeop Abdullah, Executive Chairman, Multimedia Development Corporation,=20
Malaysia and Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, Governor, Central Bank of Malaysia.
Please visit www.wedckl.com for program updates.
With its expanded trade show, WEDC also presents an unparalleled opportunity=20
to showcase your products and/or services before an international audience of=20
decision-makers with proven purchasing authority. Contact us at the address=20
below for more information on available exhibit and sponsorship opportunities.
Reserve your seat today at the WEDC and take advantage of our early-bird=20
discount rate! To register, visit www.wedckl.com or call 1 800 647-7600 x 64=20
(within the U.S.), ++1 212 869-7231 x 64 (outside the U.S.), ++603 6157=20
8205(Asia). Mention Priority Code NW001EB2 to receive your discount.
We are looking forward to sharing the success of WEDC 2001 with you!
Yours sincerely,
Pascal Lardier, Executive Director
WEDC Secretariat in San Francisco
Tel: ++1 415 701 7148
p.lardier@worldcongress.com
Jamal Nasir, Director
WEDC Secretariat in Kuala Lumpur
Tel: ++60 3 6157 7322
ecoevent@putra.net.my
If you do not wish to receive WEDC 2001 updates, please reply to=20
dmitry@worldrg.com with the subject line =01&remove me from WEDC offers=018.
Nancy Sheed  Please respond to robert_pondiscio@BUSINESSWEEK.COM
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=20
BusinessWeek=01,s International Alert=20
A Preview of Major Stories and News Exclusives=20
in Tomorrow=01,s International Editions of BusinessWeek=20
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
THIS WEEK:=20
- Europe and U.S. Cover Story:? Alan Greenspan=01*Feeling the Heat=20
- Asia Cover Story:? Asia=01,s Big Chill=20
- Asia Is Catching The Japanese Disease=20
ALSO IN THE 2ND APRIL ISSUE OF BUSINESS WEEK=20
- Has Germany Jumped the Rails?=20
- Commentary:? The European Central Bank Needs to Cut Rates Too=20
- The White Knight, Domingo Cavallo, Rides Again in Argentina=20
?=20
Does someone forward BusinessWeek=01,s International Alert to you?=20
Get your own free copy every week: send your name, company name, title and=20
email address to: robert_pondiscio@businessweek.com=20
?=20
U.S. and EUROPE COVER STORY=01(ALAN GREENSPAN: FEELING THE HEAT=20
Can he fight off a new economy recession?=20
By Peter Coy in New York, with Rich Miller in Washington, Linda Himelstein=20
and Jim Kerstetter in San Mateo, Jeff Green in Detroit, Marcia Vickers and=20
Pete Engardio in New York, and bureau reports=20
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has guided and presided over the=20
longest economic expansion in the history of the U.S.? But now, the=20
75-year-old Greenspan faces an agonizing challenge: an abrupt economic=20
slowdown that neither he nor anyone else fully understands. All of Greenspan=01,
s training and experience have taught him how to cope with conventional=20
downturns. And so far, he=01,s dealing with this one in the conventional manner=01*
by cutting short-term interest rates in quick but measured steps. That may=20
well prove to be the right course. But there=01,s a risk that this downturn is=20
different and that far steeper cuts in interest rates are needed to keep the=20
New Economy from tumbling into a long and painful recession.=20
In short, Alan Greenspan is feeling the heat of a market in tatters and an=20
economy that, by some measures, appears to be on the brink. And after riding=20
triumphantly astride the economic boom times, his very legacy is suddenly at=20
stake.=20
?=20
ASIA COVER STORY: ASIA=01,S BIG CHILL=20
Caught between Japan=01,s weak-yen policy and the steep U.S. downturn, the=20
region=01,s fragile economies may see their recent gains swept away=20
By Brian Bremner in Tokyo, with Frederick Balfour in Bangkok, Michael Shari=20
in Singapore, Moon Ihlwan in Seoul, and Pete Engardio in New York=20
The U.S. is clearly worried about Japan falling into a catastrophic slide.??=20
But, Washington may not have a clear view of another huge problem: How=20
decisions in Tokyo could undermine the precarious economic state of other=20
Asian nations.?? In South Korea and also in Southeast Asia, the export-led=20
recovery of the past two years is starting to slow because of the downturn in=20
the U.S. economy.?? Growth in Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, and=20
Indonesia is expected to slow this year to between 3% and 4%.?? The last=20
thing these economies need is to compete for a dwindling export market with a=20
Japan now reliant on a weaker yen.?? Many of the economies of East and=20
Southeast Asia are trying to shake off a triple blow: The U.S. slowdown is=20
putting a dent in exports.? Second, Japan is yanking investment from the=20
region, and now there=01,s the yen threat.? Finally, China is soaking up a=20
growing slice of foreign investment, a trend that will accelerate once it=20
enters the World Trade Organization.=20
?=20
ASIA IS CATCHING THE JAPANESE DISEASE=20
Commentary by Pete Engardio=20
It=01,s a terrible malady for young economies.? The symptoms: banks that have=20
money but don=01,t lend.? Lots of exports but no profits.? A teaming workforce=20
with dim prospects.? Politicians who know urgent measures are needed but who=20
won=01,t act. Call it Japan disease =01) and it=01,s starting to set in across the=20
once-booming emerging markets of East Asia.?? Unfortunately, East Asia has=20
not used the nearly four years since its financial meltdown wisely.? Lulled=20
by a U.S.-driven export boom and a short-lived bounce in equity markets, the=20
region has failed to finish the reforms that could have cleansed their=20
financial system of billions of dollars of nonperforming assets.??? Most of=20
Asia can arrest Japan disease before paralysis sets in. But politicians seem=20
to have lost their will to force sales of distressed assets, close failed=20
banks, and open their markets wider to foreign investors.=20
?=20
HAS GERMANY JUMPED THE RAILS?=20
Germany=01,s stalled reforms are slowing growth=20
By Jack Ewing in Frankfurt, with Christine Tierney in Frankfurt and Carol=20
Matlack in Paris=20
Since its last recession ended a decade ago, the Germany economy has=20
struggled to get out of first gear.? Growth averaged a mediocre 1.4% in the=20
l990s.?? Economists, business people and politicians thought the sorry=20
performance was a temporary product of West Germany=01,s costly and badly=20
managed reunification with the ex-Communist East.? But what if they are=20
wrong?? There have been worrying economic indicators, including nine months=20
of sinking business confidence, an uptick in unemployment and a collapse in=20
car sales.? Germany=01,s 82 million people account for a third of gross domestic=20
product among euro countries.? No regional boom is possible without them.?=20
Optimists think its slower growth is a temporary effect of economic malaise=20
in the U.S., Japan and other world markets.? Pessimists think the problems=20
relate to Germany=01,s persistent welfare state, its coddled workers, maybe even=20
its risk-averse culture.?? Some tough times lie ahead =01) for Germany, and for=20
the entire Continent.=20
?=20
RATES: EUROPE NEEDS A LIFT-OFF, TOO=20
Commentary by David Fairlamb=20
The economy of the 12-nation euro zone is slowing, just like its counterparts=20
in the U.S. and Asia. But don=01,t look to the European Central Bank to follow=20
the U.S. Federal Reserve with interest rate cuts just yet. The monetary=20
conservatives who dominate its 18-member governing council see their role as=20
fighting inflation rather than stimulating growth. So with prices rising at=20
an annualized 2.6%=01*well above the 2% upper limit the ecb says is consistent=20
with price stability=01*the central bankers aren=01,t in a rush to push the price=20
of money down below the current 4.75 But there are plenty of reasons why it=20
should. A cut now would give the European economy a much needed boost. Euro=20
zone growth peaked at only 3.5% last summer and will likely fall to 2.8% for=20
all of 2001.? Tax cuts worth 0.8% of the euro zone=01,s gross domestic product=20
have bolstered domestic demand a bit, but not enough to make up for the=20
effects of the global slowdown. The ECB insists Europe won=01,t be badly hurt by=20
the economic downturn in the U.S. and East Asia. But businesspeople aren=01,t=20
convinced.=20
?=20
THE WHITE KNIGHT RIDES AGAIN IN ARGENTINA=20
But can Domingo Cavallo cure what ails the economy?=20
By Colin Barraclough in Buenos Aires, with bureau reports=20
On Mar. 20, Argentines awoke to the news that the 54-year-old Harvard=20
University-trained economist who rescued their country from hyperinflation=20
more than a decade ago was back in his old job. Cavallo is the third man to=20
hold the post of Economy Minister in as many weeks.? To win the support of=20
opposition politicians, Cavallo must take a different tack than L?pez Murphy.=20
Cavallo has already abandoned his predecessor=01,s plan to push through=20
draconian spending cuts. Instead, he aims to narrow Argentina=01,s fiscal=20
deficit by $3 billion this year by rekindling growth, thereby boosting tax=20
collection. Possible measures include cuts in some corporate tax rates to=20
promote the reinvestment of profits, and a reduction in banks=01, reserve=20
requirements, which would free up money for loans.=20
?=20
WHO=01,S KILLING ERICSSON?? ITS OWNERS=20
Shareholders have no say under its ownership system=20
By Stanley Reed in London, with Ariane Sains in Stockholm=20
Sweden=01,s Ericsson has just two main owners, the Wallenberg family and a group=20
of holding companies and a fund connected to Handelsbanken, a Stockholm bank,=20
maintaining an iron grip with a minimal amount of capital.? They do so by=20
holding Ericsson A shares, which have 1,000 votes more than the B shares of=20
which foreign shareholders have a majority.?? Now that Ericsson is struggling=20
in global markets, a quick turnaround is needed.? The current two-tier stock=20
system should be reviewed.=20
?=20
THE BANK OF JAPAN=01,S REAL MESSAGE: REFORM NOW=20
Commentary by Brian Bremner in Tokyo=20
On Mar. 19, Bank of Japan Governor Masaru Hayami appeared to abruptly reverse=20
course by announcing measures that will effectively drive the overnight call=20
rate back down to zero and pump up the money supply to push the consumer=20
price index up. Markets are now abuzz with speculation that Japan will=20
deliberately ramp up inflation past 3%, and that Hayami is a convert to the=20
cause of fast reflation. But Hayami has not given up on the other part of his=20
agenda: to press for real restructuring inside the banks and corporations. So=20
Hayami is signaling that he will ease up on his hard-money ways in exchange=20
for some real action by the banks: =01&While we are doing our part, we hope the=20
government and the financial system will do what=01,s necessary on their side,=018=20
says Deputy BOJ Governor Yutaka Yamaguchi in an interview with BusinessWeek.=20
?=20
RUMBLE OVER TOKYO=20
As Airbus aggressively pitches its superjumbo, Boeing moves to protect its=20
turf=20
By Stanley Holmes in Seattle, with? Chester Dawson in Tokyo and Carol Matlack=20
in Paris=20
For nearly 50 years, Boeing and Japanese airlines JAL, All Nippon, and Japan=20
Air System have had a fruitful business relationship, thanks in part to the=20
aircraft maker=01,s deference to Japanese customs. Boeing=01,s planes now account=20
for 84% of Japan=01,s commercial fleets, the world=01,s third-largest national air=20
market after the U.S. and China. From 1970 to 1998, jal alone spent $14.4=20
billion on those planes. But that lead is now under fierce attack from Boeing=01,
s archrival, Airbus Industrie. Japan has become the key battleground as the=20
European aircraft consortium seeks to launch its superjumbo A380 jet, which=20
can hold 555 to 800 passengers. The Airbus offensive will force Boeing, which=20
recently announced it will move its headquarters out of Seattle as part of a=20
major corporate overhaul, to fight like never before.=20
?=20
IS A NEW WAR BREWING IN THE BALKANS?=20
International Outlook by Christopher Condon in Budapest, with Ren,e Cordes in=20
Brussels, Heidi Dawley in London, and Stan Crock in Washington=20
It=01,s another Balkans mess, and it could prove to be a dangerous test for=20
President George W. Bush and the 37,000 NATO troops stationed in Kosovo.=20
After six days of fighting between insurgents and Macedonian forces near the=20
city of Tetovo from Mar. 14-19, NATO officials announced plans to bolster=20
patrols on the Kosovo border with Macedonia.? Both European and U.S.=20
diplomats hope Macedonian forces will subdue the rebels. But if the fighting=20
keeps up, pressure will grow on NATO to play a more active role. That could=20
involve a controversial decision to send NATO troops to combat rebels in=20
Macedonia. Washington, however, wants to avoid an escalation.? Still,=20
strangely, NATO troops could find themselves increasingly under fire from the=20
very people they were sent to protect=01*ethnic Albanians. With no quick=20
solution to the latest Balkan conflict in sight, that=01,s not a pleasant place=20
to be.=20
?=20
SWISSAIR: PINNING ITS HOPES ON =01+SUPER MARIO=01,=20
The new CEO will have tough time fighting the flag carrier=20
By Christine Tierney in Frankfurt and Carol Matlack in Paris=20
It has been a shock to investors to witness Swissair=01,s mounting disarray.??=20
SAirGroup=01,s CEO Philippe Bruggisser, who had charted the expansion strategy=20
that plunged the company into the red last year, has been jettisoned.? Then=20
Moritz Suter, the airline division chief bailed out, and then 9 of the=20
company=01,s 10 supervisory board members quit, including Chairman and interim=20
CEO Eric Honegger.??? Enter Super Mario.? The new CEO, Mario Corti, is the=20
chief financial officer of Swiss food giant Nestle and the only board member=20
left at the airline.? It=01,s not that SAirGroup=01,s expansion strategy was=20
totally flawed.? SAirGroup went wrong when it invested heavily in second-tier=20
partners, many of which are in trouble.??? Corti is expected to unveil a new=20
strategy in a special shareholders=01, meting in September.=20
?=20
RUSSIA: A LITTLE-KNOWN PLAYER=01,S GRIP ON NATURAL GAS=20
Gas supplier Itera=01,s clout extends across the old Soviet empire=20
By Catherine Belton in Moscow, with Dan Carney in Washington=20
Western investors =01) especially energy giants =01) are likely to be hearing more=20
about a mysterious Russian company called Itera.? It is the fourth-largest=20
holder of gas reserves on the planet with a virtual monopoly on gas trading=20
in two key former Soviet republics, Georgia and Ukraine, that lie at the=20
gateway for transporting the region=01,s energy resources to the West.?? Itera=20
President Igor V. Makarov says he holds the key to the Caspian for any=20
foreign energy company wanting to get a foothold in the region =01) considered=20
one of the hottest oil plays anywhere.? =01&Today, we are the only company that=20
can turn joint ventures with U.S. enterprises into real businesses,=018 he says=20
=01) and that=01,s quite a claim.?? But even as Itera seeks recognition and funding=20
from the West, law enforcement officials in Europe and the U.S. are=20
scrutinizing Itera's activities for possible money-laundering.?? Itera=01,s rise=20
from barter trader to global-gas giant is raising questions inside Russia,=20
too.=20
?=20
A SOCIALIST WHO=01,S BETTING ON THE NEW ECONOMY=20
President Lagos talks about how to keep Chile on track=20
Q&A with Mexico Bureau Chief Geri Smith and Chile correspondent Louise Egan=20
Ricardo Lagos, the first Socialist to rule Chile since the 1973 military=20
overthrow of Salvador Allende, recently completed his first year in office,=20
amid growing concerns that the country=01,s much-vaunted economic =01&miracle=018 is=20
losing its luster. Lagos, 63, who holds a doctorate in economics from Duke=20
University, says that Chile, which led Latin American nations in adopting=20
free-market reforms two decades ago, must now bet big on attracting high-tech=20
industries. He also is pushing hard to seal a free-trade agreement with the=20
U.S. On Mar. 19, Lagos sat down with Mexico Bureau Chief Geri Smith and Chile=20
correspondent Louise Egan in his office in La Moneda, the presidential=20
palace, to discuss his plans for what remains of his six-year term.=20
?=20
INDIA: DON=01,T LET SCANDAL DERAIL REFORM=20
Commentary by Manjeet Kripalani=20
The Indian government stands on the brink of collapse. The event that did the=20
damage: a sting operation by an online magazine, which caught leading=20
politicians and military officials on camera accepting bribes in connection=20
with what they thought were military contracts. Defense Minister George=20
Fernandes has since quit, along with the head of the Bharatiya Janata Party.=20
Raucous opposition legislators closed Parliament for six days, insisting that=20
the government step down.? The administration should be embarrassed. But it=20
would be a huge mistake for the opposition to initiate a new era of political=20
turmoil. The principal casualty would be much needed reform.? Yet India=20
desperately needs to get its house in order. Last year, it took in only $2.6=20
billion in foreign direct investment.? Most important are the proposed=20
reforms of the labor laws, which for the first time would permit companies=20
with fewer than 1,000 employees to hire and fire without government=20
permission. Freed from these restrictions, business owners could invest in=20
promising new ventures, instead of wallowing in sunset industries. So instead=20
of seeking to stall change, the opposition would do well to embrace it.=20
For program details or to register, visit our website at=20
conferences.businessweek.com/2001/ebizeu or call +44 (0) 207 251 2030.=20
Future BusinessWeek Executive Programs:=20
- Telecom Summit 2001: Broadband Connections, April 25 - 27, 2001 =01) The=20
Fairmont Hotel, Dallas, Texas=20
- The BusinessWeek CIO Summit: Bridging the Technology/Strategy Divide, May=20
10-11, 2001 --Boston, MA=20
- Breakthrough: A CEO Retreat, June 27-29, 2001 -- Rancho Bernardo Inn, San=20
Diego, CA=20
For more information see  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY: NEW ANSWERS TO NEW PROBLEMS=20
Economic Viewpoint by Jeffrey E. Garten=20
For more than a century, our system for protecting intellectual property=20
rights has fostered the creativity of artists and inventors. But now it is=20
being challenged by two major global forces: the Internet, which can act as a=20
gigantic international copying machine, and a global health crisis in which=20
patented miracle drugs are too expensive for developing countries. It is time=20
to reexamine how the intellectual property rights regime works.?? There are=20
many issues to be addressed. Is there a way to better codify the space for=20
private use and experimentation on the Internet? Should governments use their=20
powers of eminent domain to buy up critical pharmaceutical patents and better=20
distribute the underlying products? There may be much better approaches than=20
these, but relying only on relentless enforcement of existing laws isn=01,t one=20
of them.=20
?=20
PATIENCE INVESTORS, THE FED IS NOT DONE=20
But economic data, not the stock market, will dictate policy=20
Business Outlook by James C. Cooper and Kathleen Madigan=20
At nine yards long, the Federal Reserve=01,s oval table is too big for poker.=20
But on Mar. 20, policymakers entered into a high-stakes game. The pot: an=20
economic rebound in the second half.? At its second policy meeting of 2001,=20
the Fed lowered its benchmark federal funds rate by a half-point, to 5%,=20
eschewing Wall Street=01,s clamor for a supersize cut of three-quarters of a=20
point.? In effect, the Fed made it clear that it will not follow the stock=20
market=01,s timetable for policy decisions. The Fed=01,s action implicitly says=20
that economic conditions did not justify a larger, more radical move.?=20
Investors were so focused on the idea that =01&size matters=018 that they=20
completely ignored the meeting=01,s most obvious positive: The Fed left open the=20
door for more cuts=01*perhaps even before its next meeting on May 15.? The key=20
remark was: =01&In these circumstances, when economic conditions could be=20
evolving rapidly, the Federal Reserve will need to monitor developments=20
closely.=018 That language should sound familiar. It is similar to what the Fed=20
said after its Dec. 19 meeting, prior to the surprise intermeeting cut on=20
Jan. 3. It=01,s Fedspeak for: =01&We may not wait until May 15.=018=20
?=20
A DEFINITE =01+SELL=01,?? GIMME 100 SHARES=20
Brokerage calls keep missing the mark =01) and then some=20
By Mara DerHovanesian in New York=20
Who says you can=01,t make money by following a Wall Street analyst=01,s=20
recommendations? Just do exactly the opposite of what they say, and you=01,ll=20
make out like a bandit.? And we=01,re not talking about the stocks these=20
analysts are plugging, either. Granted, the Street has a tough time telling=20
investors to sell stocks anyway, but when they do, you=01,d think it would be a=20
no-brainer to pick a loser in this bear market. Instead, these calls are=20
defying gravity.? BusinessWeek takes a look at how Credit Suisse First Boston=20
has fared with its sell recommendations so far this year. First, only 11 U.S.=20
stocks of 1,328 stocks Credit Suisse covers are on the sell list, according=20
to Zacks Investment Research. The irony is that many of those stocks have=20
outperformed the company=01,s buy recommendations. Credit Suisse isn=01,t the only=20
one with egg on its face. UBS Warburg has four current =01&reduce=018 ratings on=20
the 1,015 U.S. stocks it covers. Three of those=01*KMart, DaimlerChrysler, and=20
New Plan Excel Realty Trust=01*are up 64.2%, 9.3% and 17.9% this year through=20
Mar. 20.=20
?=20
DON=01,T BET THE BANK ON EARLY-HOURS TRADING=20
Conventional wisdom aside, futures aren=01,t crystal balls=20
By Pallavi Gogoi in Chicago, with Susan Zegel in New York=20
By jumping in early, are fund managers helping to shape market trading that=20
day? Not really. The small group of big investors around the world who trade=20
in stock index futures prior to the U.S. markets opening aren=01,t even setting=20
the stage for whether the equity markets will rise or fall in the first 15=20
minutes of trading. Contrary to the conventional wisdom, repeated daily on=20
CNBC, Bloomberg Radio, and local TV and radio stations=01*that the futures=20
predict the day=01,s market performances=01*an examination of the data by=20
BusinessWeek shows hardly any correlation. That may come as a big surprise to=20
market players who=01,ve been taking it as an article of faith that the futures=20
offer a solid guide to the day=01,s trading. To some longtime traders, the lack=20
of predictive power in the futures is not so surprising. They say the number=20
of investors playing the markets in the big index contracts is small.=20
Nonetheless, some investors swear by them.=20
?=20
NO CARTWHEELS FOR HANDSPRING=20
Rich rivals race to erase the company=01,s handheld edge=20
By Cliff Edwards in Mountain View, Calif.=20
The handheld market has become one of the fastest-growing corners of techdom.=20
Researcher IDC expects sales of the gizmos to soar 52% annually until 2004,=20
to $10.7 billion from $2 billion in 2000, far outstripping PC growth. And=20
Handspring is becoming a player to beat. In the past 18 months, the company=20
has sold more than 1 million of its Visor computers, giving it 28% of the=20
handheld market in February, up from zilch a year earlier. Now, Handspring=20
has to deliver a convincing second act=01*something it=01,s attempting with its new=20
Visor Edge, introduced Mar. 12. Problem is, the company may be losing its=20
innovation lead. Handhelds are outgrowing their roots as electronic=20
organizers and mutating into Net appliances and wireless communication tools.=20
That could tip the advantage to players using Microsoft=01,s PocketPC operating=20
system, a slim variant of Windows that makes the Palm operating system=20
Handspring uses look long in the tooth.=20
?=20
A GRAB FOR CONTROL OF FORMULA ONE=20
Upfront by Christine Tierney=20
Mercedes and Ferrari, the carmakers with the leading auto racing teams, are=20
threatening to quit Formula One and form an alternative racing group if they=20
can=01,t buy in. The brouhaha comes as control of the Formula One holding=20
company is about to change hands, from F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone to German=20
media magnate Leo Kirch.? But the Euro racers want a stake, too. The group,=20
also including BMW, Jaguar, and Renault, had been talking to Ecclestone about=20
getting into the biz themselves before Kirch came on the scene. They worry=20
Kirch will try to boost his KirchPayTV network by restricting Formula One=20
races, which are now on commercial channels, to the pay channel. The=20
carmakers have invested billions in Formula One, and they insist the event be=20
professionally run and freely broadcast to give them maximum public exposure.=20
Mercedes chief J_rgen Hubbert expects negotiations with Kirch to begin soon:=20
=01&We=01,ve sent a clear message.=018? If Kirch balks...well, there=01,s always the 1978=20
precedent in the U.S., when team owners broke from the U.S. Auto Club to form=20
Championship Auto Racing Teams.=20
?=20
HANDBAGS, COGNAC =01) AND WATER=20
By Gerry Khermouch=20
What=01,s the latest trend item for your Louis Vuitton bag? Glac,au Vitamin=20
Water or Fruit Water. The chic-set drinks, which sell for about $1.50, are=20
made by tiny Energy Brands in Whitestone, N.Y. And they were the? last of the=20
up-and-coming =01&healthy=018 beverages available to be snapped up after others=20
(Gatorade, SoBe, and Snapple) were bought by beverage giants such as=20
PepsiCo.? But now France=01,s lvmh Mo%t Hennessy Louis Vuitton is buying into=20
Glac,au=01*its first drinks foray beyond champagne and cognac. Both sides are=20
keen for cross-promotions linking the low-cal Waters to Givenchy fashions,=20
tag Heuer watches, and the group=01,s other luxury brands.? Neither side would=20
give details, but sources say LVMH put up $5 million for a minority stake and=20
a board seat. The cash will fund Glac,au=01,s expansion to the rest of the U.S.=20
?=20
U.S. NEWS IN BUSINESSWEEK=01,S INTERNATIONAL EDITIONS=20
WILL REFIS HELP REFLOAT THE ECONOMY?=20
Equity into Cash=01(So far, homeowners are spending, not paying down debt=20
By Stephanie Anderson-Forest in Dallas with Ann Therese Palmer in Chicago,=20
Douglas Robson in Silicon Valley, Laura Cohn in Washington, D.C. and bureau=20
reports=20
Thanks to competition among mortgage lenders, falling transactions costs, and=20
a push from the Federal Reserve to trim interest rates, mortgage rates are=20
way down. Rates on 30-year fixed mortgages have dropped from a five-year high=20
of 8.64% in May to 6.82%=01*near the lowest level in two years. And that=01,s=20
spurring a refinancing boom. Though there are risks in the boom=01*overindebted=20
homeowners could be taking on too much debt=01*for now, many economists argue=20
that it is offering a much needed boost to consumer spending. And that could=20
give a hand to the ailing economy as well. =01&This is the best way to get money=20
into people=01,s purses and pocketbooks immediately,=018 says Mark M. Zandi, chief=20
economist at market forecaster Economy.com Inc.=20
?=20
SURPRISE=01*THE TECH INDUSTRY IS A CYCLICAL=20
Meltdown Redux: 1985 was bad, but this time more industries are affected=20
By Peter Burrows, with Jim Kerstetter and Linda Himelstein in Silicon Valley=20
It=01,s a frightening picture, all right. Hordes of brash high-tech startups,=20
all intent on grabbing a 20% share of vast emerging markets, getting=20
massacred, their dreams crashing back to earth. Even the most respected tech=20
companies are being forced to lay off staffers and slash spending as earnings=20
fall miles short of analysts=01, projections. The press is stuffed with scary=20
=01&end of history=018 articles about the death of the tech revolution. Venture=20
capitalists, who just months before were throwing around money like so much=20
birdseed, are nowhere to be found. Sound familiar? All this happened back in=20
1985, in what was then the biggest tech meltdown ever. Yes, as the world has=20
again learned painfully, tech can be a very cyclical business.? 1985 offers a=20
reminder that stretches of tech prosperity have always been sandwiched=20
between deep, painful valleys. Thanks to the cash pumped into everything from=20
fiber-optic parts to huge computers in recent years, this could be the=20
deepest valley yet.=20
?=20
WHILE WASHINGTON FIDDLES=01(=20
Why the Beltway hasn=01,t gone into panic mode=20
Commentary by Lee Walczak, with Rich Miller, Howard Gleckman, Richard S.=20
Dunham, and Lorraine Woellert in Washington D.C., and Ann Therese Palmer in=20
Chicago=20
What=01,s Washington doing while the world=01,s financial fabric frays and risks of=20
a painful U.S. downturn grow? Debating. Mulling. Maneuvering. Even as an=20
increasingly urgent chorus of voices outside the Beltway insists that the=20
Bush Administration and Congress need to come up with a fiscal stimulus=20
package pronto, few in Washington are acting with anything remotely=20
suggestive of impending danger. Instead, Bush continues to push for a tax cut=20
that most agree won=01,t benefit the economy for at least a year, and Congress=20
is content to play political =01&gotcha.=018? Bizarre as it may seem to many with=20
business ties, the gulf between the real economy and Washington=01,s insular=20
political culture has seldom been greater. Up to now, many of the city=01,s pols=20
seemed confident that a benign spirit=01*Saint Alan of C Street=01*would ward off=20
the evil of a recession. But over at the Federal Reserve, Greenspan=01,s halo=20
has slipped.?? Bush=01,s advisers are having intense discussions over what one=20
aide describes as a =01&rifle-shot=018 rate cut that would provide quicker=20
stimulus. Also being explored: a one-time tax rebate that could put money=20
into consumers=01, hands fast.=20
?=20
A =01&FIRST FRIEND=018 WITH CLOUT=20
Commerce Secretary Don Evans=01, longtime ties to Bush give him unusual access=20
By Paul Magnusson in Washington=20
?=20
Commerce Secretary Donald L. Evans has two jobs in Washington. The official=20
one comes with a government limo, a spacious paneled office, a tropical fish=20
tank, and a $3 billion budget. The second is a round-the-clock role as First=20
Friend.? That easy intimacy makes Evans, 54, potentially one of the most=20
powerful Commerce chiefs in many years. As Bush=01,s campaign chairman, he=20
raised a record-breaking $100 million for his pal, a job that put the Texan=20
on a first-name basis with many corporate chieftains. But in his first major=20
interview, the Commerce Secretary insists that he=01,s leaving the world of=20
political fund-raising behind. His new concerns: helping to sell the big Bush=20
tax cut, battling unfair trade practices abroad aimed at industries such as=20
steel and aerospace, and boosting the government=01,s long-range research=20
efforts.=20
?=20
END OF THE CEO GRAVY TRAIN?=20
Surprise! Exec pay seems to be slipping=01*though some underperformers are doing=20
remarkably well=20
By Louis Lavelle in New York=20
For many of the nation=01,s chief executive officers, 2000 will likely be a year=20
to forget. After nearly five years of double-digit growth in CEO=20
compensation, early indications are that their pay actually fell last year.=20
Of the 130 corporate proxies so far available for the biggest U.S. companies,=20
the compensation of the 15 best-paid CEOs shows the slowing economy has taken=20
a toll on earnings. When salary, bonus, and options exercised last year were=20
taken into account, compensation for those CEOs fell nearly 5% from 1999. The=20
reason: The market=01,s nosedive made it a bad time for many corporate kingpins=20
to exercise their options, often the largest part of remuneration.? According=20
to a proxy analysis by Standard & Poor=01,s Institutional Market Services, a=20
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, total compensation for the 15 highest=20
earners averaged $88.7 million, a $4.4 million drop.=20
?=20
THE BEST SHAREHOLDERS CAN GET?=20
The AG-Prudential deal isn=01,t sweet, but there=01,s no white knight in sight=20
By Emily Thornton, with Pamela L. Moore in New York and Heidi Dawley in=20
London=20
Ever since American General Corp. Chairman and CEO Robert M. Devlin first=20
announced a stock-swap with British insurer Prudential PLC on Mar. 12, then=20
valued at $26.5 billion, Wall Street has thought that the Houston insurer=01,s=20
shareholders were getting the short end of the stick. Prudential=01,s stock=20
price has tumbled 16% since, and American General=01,s about 4%, thus crushing=20
the premium American General shareholders will receive to 5% from 22%. And=20
that could put the kibosh on the merger.? Clearly, this is not what=20
shareholders hoped for. Still, this deal may be the best shareholders can=20
get. When the Prudential deal was first announced, Wall Street was abuzz with=20
rumors that heavyweights such as Sanford I. Weill at Citigroup or Maurice R.=20
=01&Hank=018 Greenberg at American International Group? Inc. might swoop in with a=20
counterbid. Unlikely, say investment bankers, because American General has=20
had informal talks with both in the past two years. Devlin insists=20
discussions were never serious enough to reach his board.=20
?=20
SOUTHWEST: AFTER KELLEHER, MORE BLUE SKIES=20
Southwest=01,s model shone in an embattled industry=01*and it looks brighter than=20
ever=20
Commentary by Wendy Zellner=20
In three decades of building low-fare legend Southwest Airlines Co., CEO=20
Herbert D. Kelleher has made nary a misstep. Until Mar. 19, the one chink in=20
his armor appeared to be the question of how Southwest would replace him.=20
Finally, the answer: Two Southwest veterans steeped in the company=01,s=20
traditions will man the controls.? On June 19, James F. Parker, 54, general=20
counsel, and Colleen C. Barrett, 56, executive vice-president for customers,=20
will become CEO and President, respectively. And as Parker and Barrett might=20
tell you, they are inheriting a devilishly simple playbook: Keep costs down.=20
Focus on customers. Keep employees happy. And keep it simple. While Southwest=20
has tweaked its formula over the years=01*adding more long-distance flights, for=20
instance=01*it=01,s still mainly a point-to-point, short-hop airline that uses one=20
aircraft type to simplify training and maintenance.=20
?=20
BUYING A NEW PC?? NOT SO FAST=20
Upgrading to Microsoft=01,s coming XP system will be such a challenge that it=20
makes more sense to wait until new computers come with it=20
Technology & You by Stephen H. Wildstrom=20
Microsoft Corp.=01,s Windows XP, which is just entering its final stage of=20
large-scale field testing, is the most important consumer software product to=20
appear since the Windows 95 operating system. The prospect of waiting for XP=20
poses a difficult choice for anyone in the market for a new computer. Nearly=20
all consumer PCs sold today are outfitted with Windows ME, the last gasp of=20
the Windows 95 line. It seems reasonable to buy a new computer with Windows=20
ME and move to XP when it=01,s available. But I don=01,t recommend it. Why? The=20
upgrade will be challenging. Even moving from Windows 95 to 98 was often=20
difficult, and going from ME to XP will be a much bigger transition.=20
Microsoft and battered computer makers will hate me for saying this, but I=20
suggest that you make your old computer last nine more months or so until XP=20
is ready.=20
?=20
CAN GM=01,S JOHN DEVINE KEEP HIS PROMISE?=20
The new CFO pledges bigger earnings, but much depends on building sales in a=20
slowing economy=20
By David Welch in Detroit=20
Only someone as confident as John Devine, the new vice-chairman and chief=20
financial officer of General Motors Corp., would promise that America=01,s=20
largest auto maker will earn $2.3 billion this year, about a third more than=20
some analysts predict. And only someone as respected as Devine would be taken=20
seriously.=20
Chief Executive G. Richard Wagoner Jr., a 23-year GM veteran, broke with=20
tradition by hiring Devine=01*rarely has GM gone outside to fill a senior job.=20
Devine could even become chief operating officer in the next few years,=20
according to GM insiders. As one board member puts it: =01&You don=01,t bring in a=20
guy like John Devine and expect it to be business as usual.=018 Good thing for=20
GM. The company that once was regarded as the country=01,s most innovative=20
carmaker has been in decline for three decades. Its U.S. market share has=20
fallen from 33% in 1995 to 28% last year.? A lot has to go right at GM=01*and in=20
the economy=01*for Devine=01,s predictions to come true.=20
?=20
THE SEC IS TOO HUSH-HUSH=20
Commentary by Christopher H. Schmitt=20
When the Securities & Exchange Commission issued rules in January to shore up=20
the independence of outside directors who oversee mutual funds, some SEC=20
watchers were caught by surprise. Why? One reason: The commissioners didn=01,t=20
meet in public. Under former Chairman Arthur Levitt Jr., the SEC went out of=20
its way to shake up the status quo and avoid donning the mantle of apologist=20
for the industry it oversees.? And yet the SEC hasn=01,t changed its own=20
practices much. There=01,s more that needs fixing than the SEC=01,s nonmeeting=20
meetings. In a confusing process closed to public view, the SEC handles=20
thousands of exemption and guidance requests each year. It=01,s supposed to make=20
them=01*and its replies=01*public, though it doesn=01,t always do so promptly. Of=20
course, there is a need for some confidentiality=01*and exemptions and guidance,=20
too. But that doesn=01,t mean the SEC can=01,t be more forthcoming about its=20
business.=20
?=20
McLATTE AND CROISSANT?=20
Upfront by Michael Arndt=20
Just when it? seemed McDonald=01,s couldn=01,t possibly cram another restaurant=20
into the U.S., the burger giant has come up with a new way to expand: coffee=20
bars. BusinessWeek has learned McDonald=01,s will open its first,? McCaf,, in=20
Chicago=01,s Loop in April. It will sell pastries, perhaps prewrapped=20
sandwiches, and premium coffee.? Sound familiar, Starbucks fans? But whether=20
aficionados will give up their grande skim latte for a McCappuccino is a good=20
question. McDonald=01,s won=01,t say how many McCaf,s it plans, but based on their=20
success overseas, the rollout could be swift and wide. There are 300 McCaf,s=20
in 17 countries, from Australia and Japan to Brazil and Greece. Each sits in=20
or near a McDonald=01,s, with its own staff and equipment. In the U.S., look for=20
comfy couches, too.=20
?=20
The following stories have been posted on BusinessWeek Online=20
?=20
EURO-TECH: Will Americans Answer This Call?=20
By Stephen Baker=20
Phone service in the U.S. is good. So good that many Americans have little=20
incentive to embrace wireless=20
with Europe's fervor=20
REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK: What's French for Dimpled Chad?=20
By Carol Matlack=20
Parisians may be right to think Palm Beach can't happen here. Still, you have=20
to wonder why they ended up counting votes on cell phones=20
ONLINE ASIA: The Curse of Dr. M=20
By Bruce Einhorn=20
Malaysia's Mahathir has been so bad for his nation that his name has become a=20
verb, meaning "to wreck a country's fortunes"=20
NEWS ANALYSIS: Here Come Talk 'n' Toss Cell Phones=20
By Olga Kharif=20
Sensing a big potential market, two companies are hoping to add a new kind of=20
disposable to your shopping list=20
STREET WISE: Eight Options for Amazon=20
By Amey Stone=20
From partnering with Barnes & Noble to bringing in Jack Welch, here are some=20
ideas that could help the e-tailer become profitable=20
NEWSMAKER Q&A: Why the Fed Didn't Go Further=20
S&P's Michael Englund explains the probable reasoning behind the half-point=20
rate cut and says April could see more easing=20
NEWS ANALYSIS: A Downturn in CEO Pay, Too?=20
By Louis Lavelle=20
Early results for 2000 show the slumping market is slowing the growth of top=20
bosses' take-home, which might even decline=20
NEWS ANALYSIS: AOL Time Warner: Who's Laughing Now?=20
By Amy Borrus in Washington=20
The newly merged company is -- all the way to the bank -- while its critics=20
and rivals eat its dust, and a lot of crow=20
?=20
BUSINESS WEEK=01,s International Alert is a free service.? It is distributed=20
every Thursday at 6:30 pm ET and may be forwarded freely.? To join this list,=20
send an e-mail message to LISTSERV@LISTSERV.BUSINESSWEEK.COM.? In the body of=20
the e-mail message write =01&SUBSCRIBE BWINTERNATIONALALERT=018? To leave the list,=20
write "UNSUBSCRIBE BWINTERNATIONALALERT=018=20
BW International Alert is one of several free e-mail previews of=20
BusinessWeek.? Also available are:=20
- TechAlert,? all Information Technology news BusinessWeek and BusinessWeek=20
Online=20
- FinancialAlert:? all financial industry articles in BusinessWeek and=20
BusinessWeek Online.=20
- AutoAlert:? auto industry news in BusinessWeek and BusinessWeek Online.=20
- DCAlert:? politics, policy and government content in BusinessWeek and=20
BusinessWeek Online=20
- BWAlert, a comprehensive preview of all major articles and news exclusives=20
in US edition of BusinessWeek=20
For more information, or to register for any e-mail alert, please contact=20
Robert Pondiscio at BusinessWeek at 212-512-6311.? E-mail:=20
robert_pondiscio@businessweek.com
?=20
?=20
?
Dear Members, 
Attached is the March WCC Member Update. We hope you enjoy this "members 
only" benefit. You'll need Acrobat Reader to view this file. This program is 
available at no charge at? Acrobat Reader. 
Please let us know if you have suggestions or comment to improve upcoming 
issues. 
Janet Gellici 
Executive Director 
Western Coal Council 
info@westcoal.org
www.westerncoalcouncil.org
If you do not wish to receive this update in the future, simply reply to this 
message with "REMOVE" in the subject line and we will remove your e-mail 
address from future transmissions. Thank you.
- MAR2001.pdf
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report.
lists@nbr.org on 03/21/2001 04:02:46 PM
NBR is pleased to announce the publication of NBR Analysis,
vol. 12, no.1, "Japan's Energy Angst and the Caspian Great Game,"
by Kent E. Calder, director of Princeton University's Program on
U.S.-Japan Relations and former special advisor to U.S.
Ambassadors Thomas Foley and Walter Mondale.
In this essay, Professor Calder assesses Japan's role in the
competition for access to the Caspian's energy reserves by
identifying the various forces motivating Japan's entry into the
Caspian Great Game.
To read the entire article at no charge, please visit NBR's
website at  
If you do not wish to receive future email announcements
from NBR, please send an email to lists@nbr.org with the
word "remove" in the subject line.
Mr. Sikes, please refresh my memory what the TF report is.
Rosalee
JSikes@cfr.org on 03/21/2001 08:19:54 AM
Please provide three to four lines for your name and bio for the TF report.
We intend to finish the report on Friday, 23 March.
R, Jim Sikes
Project Coordinator
Ken Lay will attend.
Billy Dorsey@_DEVELOPMENT
03/21/2001 09:33 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, March  26th 
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
March 23rd.
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
Mr. Stelzer, Steve Kean is out of town until Wednesday, but in regard to your 
question about Rupert, Ken said that our people are already talking to Fox He said he'll get back with you if we need a meeting with Rupert.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Stelzer@aol.com on 03/15/2001 12:13:57 PM
Will do -- and I assume I can go ahead with all of the suggestions in my
outline. Right? Also, now that you are free of Blockbuster, should you and
Rupert get together again?
Unfortunately, Ken Lay will not be able to attend.
Rosie
As you know, the next meeting of the Panel on Valuation will take place be
teleconference.  The date is:
Wednesday, March 28, 5:00 to 6:00 PM, Eastern Standard Time.
Please call:
(800) 386-5530 and give 958506 as your participant code.
Please reconfirm by email your participation in this teleconference.
I will be sending you a draft of our final report early next week.
Best,
Jeff
Hi Philippe -
Ken asked me to request that you call the above referenced gentleman.  He was 
referred by a friend of Ken's.  He wants to see if his oil on-line business 
is a fit for us.  Ken said he has no idea whether it will work or not, but 
please give him a courtesy call.
Steve Hellman at 212-628-7191 or cell phone 917-623-9730.
Thanks.
Rosie
Hi Shea -
Ken Lay will not be able to join this as he is on a cruise vacation.
Rosie
Shea_Dugger@i2.com on 03/19/2001 09:39:59 AM
The Board of Directors conference call to discuss revised terms of the
Trade Service Corporation/ec-Content acquisition has been scheduled as
follows:
March 19, 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. CST
Dial in: 800-486-2460
Host Code (Bob Donohoo only): 453502
Participant Code: 705954
Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thank you.
____________________
Shea Dugger
Legal Dept.
Tel: 469-357-4195
Fax: 469-357-6566
shea_dugger@i2.com
Thanks, Barbara!
Rosie,
I didn't realize that Ken's name was on my distribution list.  I guess I 
inadvertantly struck the name next to Mark Lay.  Sorry.  I will delete it.
Barbara
Hi Barbara -  does Ken Lay need to be on these e-mails?
Rosie
Just a reminder that your portfolio company presentations are due on Monday 
3/19th.  Gene will need to get his copies by mail, so please make sure Lilia 
has a copy to include in the mailing paket to him by 4PM on Monday.  If you 
are not planning to meet that deadline, please see Lilia about how you can 
get your presentation to Gene.
The first drafts were a good start.  Most, however, read more like a pitch  
[Paige, Barbara]  than an assessment/evaluation.  As you make your revisions, 
keep in mind that your objective should be to provide a succinct, but 
thorough assessment of the investment that will inform a discussion on how to 
best add value and manage the investment going forward.
If you have not gotten my feedback and would like it, we can arrange to speak 
over the weekend.  I will be traveling, but if you leave a voice message, we 
can arrange a time to speak.  I will be generally available by phone Saturday 
morning through early afternoon.
Thanks,
Barbara
Hi Jonathan -
E-mail is great.  I have copied Tori Wells on this also, as she works 
diligently on Dr. Lay's itineraries and Rob Bradley, who works on Dr. Lay's 
speeches.  We have virtually no information about the OECD Forum or the IEA 
Ministerial session except dates - May 15-16.  We have made reservations for 
Dr. & Mrs. Lay at the Bristol Hotel 
We look forward to hearing from you.
Rosalee
Rosalee --  I was given your name by Bill Ramsay as the person responsible
for co-ordinating Mr Lay's participation at the May IEA Ministerial session.
From the IEA side, I have been tasked with the responsibility for
co-ordinating not only parts of the Ministerial session, but also the
preceding OECD Forum -- in both of which Mr. Lay is scheduled.
I am hoping to be in closer communication with you to walk through our
current planning for these meetings, and to make sure that all our i's are
dotted and t's are crossed as we move toward May.  Please let me know
whether e-mail or a telephone call would be best.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Jonathan Pershing
_____________________
Jonathan C. Pershing, PhD.
Head, Energy and Environment Division
International Energy Agency
75739 PARIS Cedex 15
FRANCE
Tel:  (33-1)40 57 67 20
Fax:  (33-1)40 57 67 39
e-mail: jonathan.pershing@iea.org
Hi Barbara -  does Ken Lay need to be on these e-mails?
Rosie
Just a reminder that your portfolio company presentations are due on Monday 
3/19th.  Gene will need to get his copies by mail, so please make sure Lilia 
has a copy to include in the mailing paket to him by 4PM on Monday.  If you 
are not planning to meet that deadline, please see Lilia about how you can 
get your presentation to Gene.
The first drafts were a good start.  Most, however, read more like a pitch  
[Paige, Barbara]  than an assessment/evaluation.  As you make your revisions, 
keep in mind that your objective should be to provide a succinct, but 
thorough assessment of the investment that will inform a discussion on how to 
best add value and manage the investment going forward.
If you have not gotten my feedback and would like it, we can arrange to speak 
over the weekend.  I will be traveling, but if you leave a voice message, we 
can arrange a time to speak.  I will be generally available by phone Saturday 
morning through early afternoon.
Thanks,
Barbara
Good morning, Michelle -
Ken Lay said that he would be happy to be the opening keynote speaker at the 
kick off luncheon on Wednesday, April 25, 2001.
Sorry for the delay, but at least we are sure he wants to do it.
Rosalee
Hi Rosalee-- I just wanted to thank you so much for your extra help on our
inquiry to Ken.  We understand completely that the April 25 slot following
his return from vacation is not the most ideal arrangement.  I think it's
always easiest for someone like him if he knows that a speech given recently
can easily serve as the basis for a new request.  I wanted to remind you of
my previous suggestion that his keynote presentation in Montreal last May to
the World Forum on Energy Regulation would accomplish most of that, and we
would work with Rob and others to minimize any effort required to add new
content.  Hopefully, this will help with the decision this week.  As I
mentioned the other day, Ken is really the most authoritative figure when it
comes to the idea that economic concepts can be used to build energy markets
and business enterprises that lead to better societies!  Talk soon, and
don't hesitate to ever ask for a "quid pro quo" from us.
Michelle Michot Foss, Ph.D.
Director, Energy Institute
Bauer College of Business
University of Houston
Houston, TX  77204-6283
Tel. 713-743-4634
Fax  713-743-4881
www.uh.edu/energyinstitute
Dear Nicolas:
I am pleased that you found the Cancun meeting to be a good experience.  My 
wife and I also thought if was a very enjoyable couple of days.
With reference to contacting the appropriate people representing Enron in 
Mexico, you should contact either Jaime Alatorre or Max Yzaguirre.  Either 
one of these individuals could entertain a discussion of how we might be able 
to work together.
,
Ken
Jaime Alatorre
Av. V. Quiroga 2121-PH/505
Corporativo Piramide, Santa Fe
01210 Mexico, D.F.
525-257-4401
Max Yzaguirre
Edifico Alestra
Av. Lazaro Cardenas 2321, Ste. 601
Col. Residencial San Agustin
Garza Garcia, N.L.  66260  Mexico
528-12-2400/05
Nicolas Mariscal Torroella  01:14:04 PM
Dear Kenneth:
It was nice seeing you at Cancun. For me and may wife, it was a very
interesting experience to attend this forum.
I would like to know more about your activities in our country. If it is
possible, I would like to contact your representative in Mexico, in order to
explore possibilities of working together in some projects.
I hope you had a good return trip to home
Nicolas Mariscal
Chairman
Grupo Marhnos
Lafayette 40
Col. Nueva Anzures
M,xico 11590, D.F.
tel (525) 096-7843
Fax (525) 096-7846
This message is brought to you courtesy of RightWorks Corporation. Please see=20
the end of this message for instructions on how to unsubscribe from future=20
mailings. =20
?=09
=09Just  a reminder =09If  you haven't registered yet, it's not too late!
=09
=09
=09Best  Practices in Strategic Sourcing
=09
=09&
=09
=09Collaborative  Design
=09
=09A  Net Seminar for the High Tech Industry
=09
=09Sponsored by i2 Technologies,  Hewlett-Packard, and A.T. Kearney
=09
=09REGISTER  HERE
=09
=09Supplier  Relationship Management:? Powering your Bottom Line
=09
=09A one-hour power-packed presentation  that focuses on understanding the scope=20
of SRM solutions =01* how high  tech companies like Hewlett-Packard and other=20
high tech companies are  executing high velocity collaboration and decision=20
optimization initiatives  to improve product development, strategic sourcing,=20
supply planning,  manufacturing, and procurement processes across the=20
extended supply chain.
=09
=09
=09When:
=09This  Tuesday, March 20, 2001, at 11:30a.m. (Eastern Standard Time)
=09
=09
=09Who: =20
=09
=09John Kelly, Senior Director  of SRM Product Development, i2, will share=20
lessons learned  from some of the world=01,s most successful companies in=20
strategic  sourcing and collaborative design.
=09
=09Hewlett-Packard  and other high tech companies will examine the use of=20
collaborative  eProcurement to streamline inbound supply chain management.
=09
=09
=09
=09Where:
=09Your computer!
=09
=09
=09How:
=09REGISTER  NOW
=09
=09Win  a Palm Viix!
=09
=09
?
=20
RightWorks Corporation provides web site visitors and people who have =20
participated in our programs with periodic email updates regarding product =20
demonstrations, free educational web seminars, our quarterly newsletter, and =20
other product-related offers and items that will be of interest to them.
To Opt-Out of receiving informational email updates from RightWorks in the =20
future, please visit our Email Communication Preferences page at =20
=20
?
?
?
?
[IMAGE]
- C.DTF
Hi Mr. Stelzer l-
I don't believe Ken has had an opportunity to review the suggestions in your 
outline.  He has a huge stack of mail he hasn't gotten to yet.  Hopefully, by 
tomorrow, he will have seen it.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Stelzer@aol.com on 03/15/2001 12:13:57 PM
Will do -- and I assume I can go ahead with all of the suggestions in my
outline. Right? Also, now that you are free of Blockbuster, should you and
Rupert get together again?
Thanks, Anabella, as I couldn't figure out why Mr. Lay received it.
Rosalee
Anabella De Sousa
03/15/2001 11:36 AM
Hi Tom - this would be good as Ken Lay will not be able to attend next week He will be out of the country.
Rosalee
Thank you for making yourself available this afternoon. We want to apprise
you of recent developments and our planned responses.  The regular Board
Meeting is scheduled for next week. This may not be required in view of the
discussions we'll have this afternoon.  We'll confirm this afternoon whether
the Board Meeting is required.
I am disappointed that Joe Grundfest will not be able to join us at our next 
Advisory Council meeting.  However Tom Campbell sounds like an excellent 
alternative.  Would you please contact him and see if he might be willing to 
join us for the next meeting and talk about the subjects you suggested Incidentally, we're happy to pay an honorarium to any of our guest speakers. 
I think I should pass at this time on inviting Spence Abraham to join us for 
dinner.  First, I believe it would be virtually impossible for him to do that 
at this point in time.  But second, many people are already blaming me for 
being the real energy policy maker in the new Administration and I would just 
as soon not feed that speculation 
Look forward to seeing you 
Warm 
Ken
Stelzer@aol.com on 03/12/2001 09:47:35 AM
Joe and I hve had several conversations trying to work out his schedule, but
his classes plus moving his parents from NYC to California at that time make
it impossible for him to come, although he would very, very much like to do
so.
I would suggest that we invite Tom Campbell, the Republican congressman who
just lost his shot at the senate against one of the two women (I forget which
one, left or lefter) and who is again teaching at Stanford Law School. He is
brilliant, and we could give him the topic of "Enron and Market-Regulatory
Failure: What Are The Constraints on Its Behavior? Where Do the Risks Lie in
the Future?" Or some such thing.
I will read When Genius Fails in the next few hours and decide about its
author.
What would you think of having Spence Abraham to dinner, and moving Bill
Kristol to the morning if Spence can come?
Attached for your review is Legislative Digest #8.  It has been delayed 
reaching you due to technical difficulties.
- Digest8.doc
news  News World Media Brief
Welcome to the weekly Media Brief from News World.  We have developed Media
Brief to provide a quick and informative recap of world media news of the
past week to our friends, patrons and clients.  We are also posting current
stories on a daily basis on our website where you can also register for our
upcoming events 
We will deliver this service to you free of charge every Monday and provide
you with updated News World conference information as well.  If you do not
wish to receive this information, please follow the unsubscribe link below.
Also, if you want friends and colleagues to receive this weekly mailing,
please follow the subscribe link at the bottom of this mail.
We hope you enjoy this service and look forward to your feedback.
Powered by March 12, 2001
THE WEEK'S HEADLINES
+ Russian Press freedoms 'under threat', say campaigners (Censorship)
+ Media's role in Ghana's Presidential election praised (Censorship)
+ Singapore to curb 'errant channels', says minister (TV)
+ BBC's Sambrook pledges to 'get below the hype' (TV)
+ ITN new media chief quits to join IBM (Internet)
\ News World Asia
Amien Rais, the speaker of the Indonesian parliament is set to make a
keynote presentation at News World's inaugural Asian event. In a plenary
session examining the media's role in Indonesia's return to democracy Amien
Rais will proceed a discussion with representatives from Trans TV, Metro TV,
Channel NewsAsia, CNN. For further information check
<  www.newsworld.co.uk
News Technology 2001 - Akamai to provide keynote address.
News Technology 2001 is being opened by Ian King, general manager, Northern
Europe for streaming giant Akamai.
Akamai was founded in 1995 in an attempt to invent a new and effective way
of cutting through Internet congestion and deliver Internet content. Six
years on the company is one of the world's leaders in providing web
solutions to optimise content online. Among its customers are MSNBC and
Yahoo!
Ian's opening presentation will set the tone for the following two day's
which will focus heavily on media streaming, broadband and cross-media
convergence. The presentations will highlight the technical challenges
facing news organisations as they seek to have an effective and substantial
presence across multiple delivery platforms while seeking to reduce running
costs.
\ 
This week's full coverage:
C E N S O R S H I P  &  F R E E D O M   O F  I N F O R M A T I O N
Freedom of Press 'under threat' in Russia, campaigners claim
Russia's provincial media is struggling to maintain its freedoms in the face
of politically motivated assaults, campaigners claim.
Oleg Panfilov, chief of the Centre for Journalism in Extreme Situations,
said: "A new state propaganda machine is being created in the federal
districts, with new state-run newspapers, new state-run news agencies, new
state-run TV channels."
Fyodor Penkin, chief editor of the Volga Times, who survived a shotgun
attempt on his life earlier this year, said: "Ten years ago, when I was
creating this newspaper, I felt for the first time that I can write freely.
Now this child I have created is dying before my eyes."
Want more? News World recommends:
Media's role in Ghana's presidential election praised
Ghana's acting ambassador to the US has offered a glowing account of the
role played by his country's media in the recent presidential election.
Francis Tsegah said radio in particular played a significant part in
ensuring the success of the election - Ghana's first multi-party one.
He said:  "The press covered the parties and were able to send information
to the public in such a way that by the time you had the election there was
no longer any question of the media being biased towards one party."
The election was won by opposition candidate John Kufuor.
Want more? News World recommends:
Widow of murdered Ukrainian journalist abandons "na<ve" search for truth
The widow of murdered Ukrainian journalist Georgiy Gongadze told how she has
despaired of ever uncovering the truth about his death.
Myroslava Gongadze said her "endless moves" to find out what happened to her
husband were "na<ve".
The journalist's headless body was found near Kiev. Gongadze was a fierce
critic of the Ukrainian government, which has been implicated in his death.
Want more? News World recommends:
Malaysia increases pressure on media
Malaysia has increased pressure on both foreign and domestic media, by
branding people involved in award-winning news site Malaysiakini.com
"traitors" and delaying the distribution of the latest issues of Asiaweek
and the Far Eastern Economic Review (FEER).
Prime minister Mahathir Mohamad said of Malaysiakini: "People who love
Malaysia would not support Malaysiakini. Previously people would say
traitors but these people really behave like traitors, asking foreigners to
harm their own country."
Two Asiaweek issues and one of FEER - all carrying articles on Malaysia -
were stuck in distributions depots, and FEER Managing Editor Michael
Vatikiotis said: "We have no indication as to whether this is just a one off
or part of a policy. We have had no official communication."
Asiaweek is part of the AOL-Time Warner stable, and FEER part of Dow Jones.
Want more? News World recommends:
< 
html>
tml>
Taiwan vows to safeguard free speech over controversial book
Taiwan's President Chen Shui-ban has vowed to safeguard the island's freedom
of speech as a row over a controversial Japanese comic book continued to
divide the state.
The book claimed that many Taiwanese women, forced to act as sex slaves to
Japanese soldiers during World War Two, were volunteers. Some politicians
demanded the cartoonist be denied a visa to visit Taiwan while others
insisted that he be allowed his freedom of speech.
Want more? News World recommends:
<
< 
/headlines/010308/asia/afp/Taiwan_president_vows_to_protect_freedom_of_speec
h_in_sex_slave_row.html>
headlines/010308/asia/afp/Taiwan_president_vows_to_protect_freedom_of_speech
_in_sex_slave_row.html>
\ Reporters Sans FrontiSres-UK is holding its first annual meeting on Wed.
March 14:
For discussion: Killers of journalists and the sword of Damocles:  How can
we bring the killers of journalists to justice? Many murders worldwide go
unpunished. Can these killers be made to answer for their crimes?  Robert
M,nard, General Secretary of Reporters Sans FrontiSres, will
speak about the RSF project Damocles Network, which will seek to do just
this; deploying investigators, international lawyers, ballistics experts and
others.
Other principle speakers: Richard Tait of ITN and the IPI; Lindsey Hilsum,
C4 Diplomatic Correspondent; Jeremy Bowen of the BBC.
Please try to attend on: Wednesday, March 14 at 6.30 for 7pm at the offices
of the FREEDOM FORUM at Stanhope House, Stanhope Place, London W2 2HH.
Nearest tube: Marble Arch.
RSVP to Veronica Forwood or Helene Lembanaka of RSF-UK on 0207 479 5904 or
email T V
BBC's Sambrook pledge to "get below the hype"
BBC News director Richard Sambrook has vowed to improve the quality of his
empire's output by better integrating its disparate parts, and "getting
below the hype".
In an interview with The Times' media editor, Ray Snoddy, Sambrook, who
officially takes the director's chair this week from the departing Tony
Hall, says he is running a "fantastic operation". But, he admits, it
"misfires slightly as we go down the road. We do not quite pack the punches
that we ought to".
Sambrook says he has discussed how best to coordinate journalists in the UK
regions, and World Service, with senior BBC executives.
Want more? lovelacemedia recommends:
Broadcasters face curbs in Singapore
Foreign broadcasters who "engage in the domestic politics of Singapore"
could soon face restrictions.
Information and Arts Minister Lee Yock Suan said he was set to introduce a
bill that would allow the government to restrict distribution of a broadcast
service if the company was deemed to be meddling in the city-state's
internal affairs.
Singapore's Newspaper Act can ban distribution of a newspaper or magazine
and has been used against The Economist and Asian Wall Street Journal, but
up until now broadcasters have been left alone.
Lee said foreign media operated in Singapore as a matter of privilege, not
of right.
He added: "Our aim is not to ban information but to restrict subscriber and
advertising revenue to an errant channel."
Want more? News World recommends:
< 
html>
tml>
Australia's ABC must decentralise to lessen Sydney bias, MD says
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation must decentralise both staff and
activities to prevent it from becoming a Sydney mouthpiece, managing
director Jonathan Shier said.
Shier said that by June 2003, the ABC wanted to increase its
non-news/current affairs production in centres other than Sydney or
Melbourne by 40 percent.
He also said that the internet had its place within media and should not be
sidelined just because of the recent dot com gloom.
Unions claim that the decentralisation talk is just a "stalking horse for
getting rid of staff".
Want more? News World recommends:
www.theage.com.au/entertainment/2001/03/07/FFXITYPGYJC.html <
< 
Journalist Ware reportedly offered safe house by BBC
The BBC has reportedly offered a safe house to Panorama reporter John Ware,
the journalist most closely associated with the expose on the Omagh bombing.
According to the Times newspaper, the Corporation has also offered Ware
personal protection.
The bomb blast outside the BBC's west London centre is being blamed on the
Real IRA, who may have acted in revenge over the Panorama reports.
Meanwhile, speculation that the BBC might move flagship current affairs
programme Panorama back to a weekday slot - but on BBC2 - refuses to go
away.
MediaGuardian quotes an 'insider' as saying: "Sunday may just have been a
transition. If it moved to a weekday slot, possibly even to BBC2, it would
increase its audience and get more share."
The BBC has insisted that Panorama will remain in its Sunday night slot,
despite opposition from some prominent figures, including Ware.
Want more? News World recommends:
N E W S P A P E R S  &  M A G A Z I N E S
Indonesian copies of Time censored by distributor
The Indonesian distributor of Time Magazine censored pictures of headless
corpses -victims of the ethnic bloodshed in Indonesia's Central Kalimantan
province - in the Asian edition of the magazine, as he feared it would
incite more violence.
The front cover image and photographs inside the magazine, where decapitated
bodies were shown, were blacked out by hand in all copies being sent to
Indonesia. The distributor said it had not come under pressure from the
government to censor the pictures.
Time journalist Jason Tedjasukmana said he was concerned that the move could
lead to other companies taking censorship into their own hands.
Want more? News World recommends:
< 
tory/0,1870,28271,00.html>
ory/0,1870,28271,00.html>?
Diamond anthology to be published this year
An anthology of writings by columnist and broadcaster John Diamond will be
published later this year.
The book will be edited by Sunday Telegraph editor Dominic Lawson, brother
of Diamond's widow, the journalist Nigella Lawson.
Diamond, whose writing included a weekly column for the Times, died this
month of cancer.
Want more? News World recommends:
I N T E R N E T
UK broadcasters on guard against online poll rigging in Election run-up
The UK's top broadcasters have pledged to be on alert for attempts by
political activists to rig online polls in the run up the General Election.
The BBC's assistant director of news Mark Damazer told how the Corporation
had ran a poll during its Europe week coverage, only to inadvertently
receive an e-mail from a pressure group asking its supporters to '"keep
e-mailing this site, we need to get in as many votes as we can".
And ITN's editor-in-chief Richard Tait said: "We are going to be extremely
careful not to allow any online polling to be hijacked by an individual
group."
Want more? News World recommends:
The Times loses its online editor to AOL UK
The Times has lost its web site editor. Andy Bull is joining AOL UK as
general manager and director of editorial.
In an e-mail to staff, Bull said: "You should not take this as a vote of no
confidence in our online operations. On the contrary, I believe we have
collectively created a very robust website Want more? News World recommends:
MSNBC.com offers 'free' news feed to other web sites
US web site MSNBC.com is offering other sites the chance to receive its
news.
The sites must sign up at a 'NewsStand' section to secure their free
delivery of each day's top stories.
However, there is a catch ... they must also agree to place an MSNBC.com
banner at the top of their home page.
Want more? News World recommends:
<
< 
ITN new media chief Baines leaves to join IBM
ITN new media chief Garron Baines is joining IBM's consulting arm as
managing principal for media and entertainment services.
Baines, MD of ITN New Media since 1997, pioneered the launch of ITN's
services on the internet, digital TV, mobile phones and handheld devices.
ITN CEO Stewart Purvis said: "Garron has made ITN New Media a force to be
reckoned with." Added Baines: "I leave behind a top class management team
backed by commercial acumen and an editorial team that embodies the best of
ITN's enterprise journalism."
Want more? News World recommends:
Media Guardian says happy birthday to Rupert Murdoch
Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch has just turned 70 and to celebrate Media
Guardian has created an online tribute.
In its birthday special "Seven Ages of Murdoch", the site tells Murdoch's
life story in seven animated cartoons. Its online birthday card has Murdoch
cutting a cake in the shape of the globe.
Tributes have been sent by The Telegraph's proprietor Conrad Black and
advertising chiefs Lord Saatchi and Sir Martin Sorrell. Says former Pearson
MD Frank Barlow: "Whether you love him or hate him, you can't help but
admire his achievements which are immense indeed." Visitors can send their
own tributes to the site's editor.
Want more? News World recommends:
(c)  2001 lovelacemedia limited.  All rights reserved. While reasonable
effort is made to ensure accuracy, lovelacemedia cannot be held responsible
for damages arising from errors or omissions, nor is it responsible for
content that this e-mail links to.  This e-mail is confidential and intended
to be received by the addressee only.  Posting this e-mail to newsgroups or
intranets is strictly prohibited.
We welcome your feedback on Media Newsbrief.  Please forward your comments
to Jim Gold (   unsubscribe from this free service, please click Reply and put REMOVE in the
subject header. To add a subscriber, please visit our website and choose the
Subscribe link.
Do you have relevant news stories that should be listed here or on our
website? Please forward details to Jim Gold (
News World Asia, Singapore 9-11 May 2001
News Technology, London      11-12 June 2001
News World, Barcelona  13-16 November 2001
News World International Ltd
39 St. James's Street
London  SW1A 1JD
United Kingdom
Tel.  +44-20 7491 0880
Fax. +44-20 7491 0990
Ken Lay will not be able to attend.
Rosalee
Paulette.Brunson@bakerbotts.com on 03/12/2001 10:41:33 AM
Baker Botts L.L.P. is pleased to invite you to a complimentary breakfast
seminar.
Addressing Emerging Technologies and the Energy Industry
Featured Speaker:
Dr. Stanley L. Kroder, President and COO of Hilliard Consulting
Group, Inc.
Issues to be covered:
*  The Future of the Internet
*  Telecommunications Challenges
*  Future Technologies
*  The Energy Industry and New Technologies
Thursday, March 29, 2001
7:00 a.m. - 7:30 a.m. Registration and Continental Breakfast
7:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m. Seminar
The Houstonian Hotel
111 North Post Oak Lane
Houston, Texas 77024
This seminar is a collaborative effort of Baker Botts L.L.P., Fulbright &
Jaworski L.L.P. and Haynes and Boone, LLP.
Please RSVP by March 26, 2001 to Paulette Brunson @ 713.229.1190 or
paulette.brunson@bakerbotts.com
You may have meant to say Enron, but please note you reference that you'd 
like a career within Dynegy.
Rosalee for Ken Lay
a r  Dear Mr. Lay,
Enron's  dynamic growth in the field of energy
during the last three years is truly remarkable. As a
student of business, I am truly impressed by the
strategic acquistions made by Enron in the area of
power and its leveraged arbitrage with the gas
industry.
I would very much like to make a career within
Dynegy and would appreciate very much if you would
consider me for a Management trainee position in your
esteemed organization. Enclosed is a copy of my
resume.
Sincerely,
Asad Rashid
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Auctions - Buy the things you want at great prices.
- professional resume.doc
Thanks, Michelle.  This will help, I think.
Rosalee
Hi Rosalee-- I just wanted to thank you so much for your extra help on our
inquiry to Ken.  We understand completely that the April 25 slot following
his return from vacation is not the most ideal arrangement.  I think it's
always easiest for someone like him if he knows that a speech given recently
can easily serve as the basis for a new request.  I wanted to remind you of
my previous suggestion that his keynote presentation in Montreal last May to
the World Forum on Energy Regulation would accomplish most of that, and we
would work with Rob and others to minimize any effort required to add new
content.  Hopefully, this will help with the decision this week.  As I
mentioned the other day, Ken is really the most authoritative figure when it
comes to the idea that economic concepts can be used to build energy markets
and business enterprises that lead to better societies!  Talk soon, and
don't hesitate to ever ask for a "quid pro quo" from us.
Michelle Michot Foss, Ph.D.
Director, Energy Institute
Bauer College of Business
University of Houston
Houston, TX  77204-6283
Tel. 713-743-4634
Fax  713-743-4881
www.uh.edu/energyinstitute
Per Barb's request, here is her resume.
Rosie
Kenneth L. Lay
Chairman of the Board
ENRON
We plan to distribute the final draft by mid-March in time for you to take
one last careful look before a conference call at the end of the month, and
also for you to submit any supplementary views for inclusion. My suggestion
is that views be kept to a few paragraphs, if possible. For those who wish
to write one, you could disagree with part of the report, you could suggest
a slightly different emphasis on some aspect of the report, or you could
underline some aspect that you are especially enthusiastic about and believe
deserves more attention.
When we send the next draft to you I'll try to propose something about how
we might release the report, but I would appreciate any suggestions you have
about that.
Here are two proposed dates for our next conference call. Please indicate
your availability by preference (#1, #2).
(#2) Wednesday, March 28, 5-6:30 PM
(Eastern Standard Time)
(#1) Thursday, March 29, 5-6:30 PM
(Eastern Standard Time)
Could you also send us the precise way that you would like your name and
title to appear in the report?
Many thanks,
Jeff Garten
Hi - it worked.  It's kenneth.lay@.
Michael Milken  
Ken Lay with Enron will not attend the meetings.
Please find attached two invitations:
1. "Putin: One Year Later" with Mark Medish, former Senior Director of
Eurasian Affairs, National Security Council and Steve Solnick,
Associate Professor of Political Science, Columbia University.  The event is
scheduled for Thursday, 8 March, at the Merrill House on
170 East 64th Street in New York.
2. REMINDER: "Political Stability in Ukraine" with Chairman of the Ukrainian
Socialist Party, Oleksandr Moroz.  The event is scheduled for this
Wednesday, February 28th, from 8:30am-10am at Eurasia Group's New York
offices at 461 Fifth Avenue (40th Street)
If you would like to be removed from our distribution list, please reply to
this message and type 'REMOVE' in the subject line.
If you have already RSVPed to the second invitation, please disregard.
Arrun Kapoor
Director, Programming
Eurasia Group
461 Fifth Avenue, Floor 14
New York, New York  10017
t: 212.213.3112
f: 212.213.3075
www.eurasiagroup.net
- Putin One Year Later - Carnegie.pdf
- Putin One Year Later - Carnegie.doc
- Invite NY.pdf
- Invite NY.doc
Ken Lay will attend.
Billy Dorsey@_DEVELOPMENT
02/28/2001 08:53 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, March 5th
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person __XX_____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
March 2nd.
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
Mr. Lay will not be attending.
Anne Rockhold  We are pleased to invite you to the Vanguard Ventures 2001 Annual Meeting.
The festivities begin Wednesday evening, March 28th, at Teatro ZinZanni in
San Francisco.  The Meeting will be on Thursday, March 29th, at the Ritz
Carlton,
and will include updates on the Vanguard funds and presentations by ten of
our
portfolio companies.  Paul Saffo, Executive Director of the Institute for
the Future,
will be our luncheon speaker.
Please click on the link below to view our electronic invitation - we hope
you enjoy it!
If you experience slow response times with the animated version, just close
and select
the "Non-Animated Version" of the invitation.
Please remember to RSVP and to hit "submit" before you close out the file.
Please call the
Palo Alto office at 650-321-2900 with any questions you have regarding the
Annual Meeting
or the enclosed invitation.
We look forward to seeing you in San Francisco!
< 
The Partners of Vanguard Ventures
Anne L. Rockhold
Chief Financial Officer
Vanguard Ventures
525 University Avenue
Suite 600
Palo Alto, CA  94301
(650) 321-2900 phone
(650) 321-2902 facsimile
anne@vanguardventures.com
www.vanguardventures.com
Hi Maria -
To my knowledge, Mr. Lay has not received his locker assignment.
Thanks.
Rosalee Fleming for Ken Lay.
February 26, 2001
Thank you for your participation in the Enron Body Shop.
We are currently verifying all locker assignments.  Please
return receipt via this e-mail if you have NOT received
your locker assignment.
Thank you,
The Enron Body Shop Staff
Please delete Kenneth.Lay@ from this communication.
communications@brook.edu@www.brook.edu on 02/25/2001 03:47:26 PM
Please respond to communications@brook.edu
Sent by: bounce-brookings_alert-25465@www.brook.edu
THE BROOKINGS ALERT
week of Monday, February 26, 2001
E V E N T S
KIM DAE-JUNG'S VISIT TO THE U.S.
A Brookings press briefing on the visit of South Korea's president
Thursday, March 1, 2001, 2:00pm at the National Press Club
A PRESCRIPTION FOR WORKER ANXIETY:
Wage and Health Insurance For Displaced Workers
A luncheon featuring Robert Litan of Brookings and Lori Kletzer of the
Institute for International Economics discussing a program to help
workers displaced by trade, technology and other causes. Ambassador and
former U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills will comment on the
proposal. March 6, 2001, 325 Russell Senate Office Building
RSVP: Alicia Jones, ajones@brook.edu, or call 202/797-6131
Video and text transcripts of Debating Welfare Reform and Iraq
and America: Ten Years After Desert Storm, now available:
P U B L I C A T I O N S
Growth at the Ballot Box: Electing the Shape of Communities
in November 2000. A complete report of the outcome of growth-related
ballot measures before voters in November, with state-by-state maps.
Phyllis Meyers and Robert Puentes
Bush v. Gore: The Court Cases and the Commentary
E.J. Dionne, Jr., and William Kristol, eds.
Use the web companion to the book to access complete text
of all the legal proceedings in the 2000 presidential election
dispute 
Brookings books can be ordered on-line or by calling the Brookings
Institution Press: 800-275-1447 (U.S.); 44-1235-766662 (U.K./Europe);
202-797-6258 (all other countries). See complete catalog:
P O L I C Y  B R I E F S,
P A P E R S,  A R T I C L E S
"Prudent or Paranoid? The Pentagon's Two-War Plans,"
article by Michael O'Hanlon; Survival (Feb. 2001)
"Iraq: Time for a Modified Approach,"
Policy Brief no. 71, by Meghan O'Sullivan (Feb. 2001)
"Defending America: A Plan for a Limited National Missile Defense,"
Policy Brief no. 70, by James Lindsay and Michael O'Hanlon (Feb. 2001)
Complete policy brief and conference report index:
T E S T I M O N Y
Religious Freedom, Regime Control, and U.S. Policy in Vietnam
testimony by Catharin Dalpino before the United States Commission
on International Religious Freedom (2/13/01)
I N  T H E  P R E S S
"Transition: Less Seems to be More," opinion by Stephen Hess
on the first month of the Bush presidency; Los Angeles Times (2/25/01)
(note: available on the Brookings website on Monday by 10am Eastern)
"How Operational and Visible an NSC?," opinion by Ivo Daalder and
I.M. Destler; The Brookings Institution (2/23/01)
Israel Still Seeks Peace," opinion by Philip Gordon and
Alan Makovsky; Financial Times (2/22/01)
"Bush's $1.6 Trillion Plan isn't a Tax Cut-it's a Budget Buster,"
opinion by E.J. Dionne, Jr.; Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (2/20/01)
"For Star Wars, Small Is Beautiful," opinion by James Lindsay and
Michael O'Hanlon; The Baltimore Sun (2/19/01)
B R O O K I N G S  N E W S
Richard N. Haass, vice president and director of Foreign Policy
Studies at the Brookings Institution, has accepted an appointment
from President George W. Bush to become director of policy planning
at the State Department, with the rank of ambassador.
M U L T I M E D I A
&  C H A T S
Transcript of live chat with James Lindsay on missile defense is
now available 
Complete chat transcripts are located at:
Complete catalog of scholar videos on the website at:
E X E C U T I V E
E D U C A T I O N
"Governing in the 21st Century," March 12-16
This week-long program for rising mid-level managers will address
key issues such as privatization, performance measurement, budget
policy, procurement, and human resource management.
"Executive Leadership in a Changing Environment," March 26-30
Charlottesville, Virginia
Brookings hallmark program for senior government executives focuses
on broad issues of governance and major trends affecting the future
policy environment.
For more information see   or call
1-800-925-5730 to register.
_______________
The Brookings Alert is delivered electronically every Monday.
We invite you to forward this Brookings Alert to a colleague.
You can subscribe to the Brookings_Alert listserv in two ways:
(1) send an e-mail to: JOIN-BROOKINGS_ALERT@www.brookings.edu
with a blank Subject line and a blank Message body
(2) visit the Brookings website at:
_______________
The Brookings Institution
1775 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20036
(202) 797-6000
You are currently subscribed to brookings_alert as: [klay@]
To unsubscribe, forward this message to 
leave-brookings_alert-25465S@www.brook.edu
Jim:
It was a pleasure speaking with you on Wednesday.  Based on our conversation,=20
this email includes the following:
An Enron contact to discuss developing small-scale generation on Tribal lands.
Our views on the impediments to distributed generation and suggestions on how=20
to remove those impediments.
A description of the credit issues that continue to impede DWR=01,s ability to=20
sign contracts with power suppliers, and options to resolve them. Two=20
possible options for addressing the credit issue are 1) a California PUC=20
order clarifying that DWR will recover its power purchase costs through=20
rates, and 2) an amendment to AB1X designed to accomplish the same goal.  I=20
have attached talking points regarding the California PUC order and proposed=20
amendments to AB1X.  We believe that an amendment to AB1X is the preferable=20
option.
Our assessment of the supply/demand picture in California.
Our suggestions for a legislative package designed to solve both the near-=20
and long-term electricity crisis in California.  We will deliver to your=20
office today detailed legislative language.  In those materials we will also=20
identify existing bills that we believe can easily accommodate our proposed=20
language.
I hope that the information is useful.  Please do not hesitate to contact me=20
if you would like to discuss these materials further, or if there is anything=20
else that I can do to assist you.
,
Ken Lay
Contact Information to Discuss Interest Expressed by Native American Tribes=20
in Installing Small-scale Generation on Tribal Lands
David Parquet, Vice-President
2. Key Barriers to Distributed Generation
Excessive and Unnecessary Utility Stand-by Charges
Solution: The executive orders issued by the Governor on February 14th took a=20
step in the right direction.  Utility stand-by charges have always been=20
designed by the utilities to protect their monopoly position, extract=20
monopoly prices from customers, or both.  But there is no reason to limit the=20
elimination of these charges to generation facilities that are less than=20
1MW.  These limits will only lengthen unnecessarily the time it takes for=20
California to close the significant gap between supply and demand and reduce=20
the risk of black outs this summer.  We would propose lifting the cap by=20
offering amendments to SB27X, which is designed to facilitate development of=20
distributed generation.
=20
Excessive delays and costs related to interconnecting facilities with=20
investor-owned and municipal utilities
Solution:   The Governor=01,s executive order regarding interconnection is a=20
step in the right direction=01*D-D-26-01 requires utilities to complete=20
interconnection studies within 7 days.  California should ensure that this=20
requirement applies to all generation facilities, including distributed=20
generation.  In addition, the financial conflicts the utilities face when=20
interconnecting generation facilities are simply too powerful to overcome=20
through executive orders or other regulations.  To the greatest extent=20
possible, California should shift control over interconnection away from the=20
utility and place that control with the California ISO.  This could be=20
accomplished through amendments to SB 27X.
Permitting and Air Quality Issues
Developers of distributed (i.e., =01&on-site=018) generation that is 50 MWs or=20
greater must receive certification from the California Energy Commission and=20
therefore face all of the impediments to development that large-scale=20
generation faces. =20
Solution: California should ensure that the executive orders (D-22-01 thru=20
D-26-01) issued by the Governor to expedite plant siting and maximize plant=20
output apply equally to smaller scale, =01&distributed generation=018 facilities.=20
In addition, distributed generation that is less than 50 MWs continues to=20
face local opposition.  The State should ensure that local, parochial=20
interests cannot block otherwise beneficial distributed generation projects. =20
These objectives could be accomplished through amendments to SB27X.
3. Credit Concerns Regarding Authority Granted to DWR in AB1X to Purchase=20
Electricity on Behalf of the Utilities=20
Enron responded to the RFP issued by DWR to enter into power contracts with=20
suppliers.
Enron is in active discussions with DWR to establish contract terms with the=20
goal of entering into a power purchase agreement as soon as possible.
However, ambiguities contained in AB1X have created significant credit risk=20
concerns that need to be resolved in order to finalize contract terms.
We understand that the lion=01,s share of counterparties share Enron=01,s credit=20
risk concerns.
Enron has proposed several options for resolving the credit risk issues and=20
is working with DWR to arrive at a solution that is mutually agreeable to=20
both sides and that might serve as a template for power purchase agreements=20
going forward.
Summary of the Source of the Credit Risk Issue
Ambiguous Ratemaking Authority
The language in AB1X is ambiguous as to whether DWR has any authority to=20
charge California ratepayers for the costs of purchasing power.  From our=20
analysis of the bill, the language in AB1X appears to leave intact the=20
California PUC=01,s exclusive jurisdiction over ratemaking in California.  As=20
such, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree to include in rates=20
adequate charges to cover DWR=01,s costs of power purchases.
Ambiguous Regulatory Authority Regarding Contract =01&Prudence=018
The language in AB1X leaves open the possibility that the California Public=20
Utilities Commission could determine that power purchases made by DWR are=20
=01&imprudent.=018  On the basis of such a finding, the CPUC could then refuse to=20
allow DWR to collect from ratepayers the costs associated with its power=20
purchases.  Consequently, suppliers have no assurance that the PUC will agree=20
to include in rates the charges to cover the costs of power contracts that=20
DWR has entered into with suppliers.
=20
Ambiguous Language Regarding the Ratemaking Mechanism that Will Be Used to=20
Recover DWR=01,s Costs of Power Purchases
In addition to the ambiguity regarding ratemaking and regulatory authority=20
noted above, the language in the bill is equally ambiguous with respect to=20
the specific ratemaking =01&mechanics=018 that AB1X directs the PUC to employ to=20
permit DWR to recover its power purchase costs. Based on our analysis, it is=20
extremely difficult to determine how the PUC would design the rates to ensure=20
DWR recovers its power purchase costs.  Moreover, as currently drafted, it is=20
difficult to determine whether AB1X would even permit the PUC to include in=20
rates all of the charges necessary to fully recover DWR=01,s power purchase=20
costs.  Again, this ambiguity raises significant credit risk concerns since=20
suppliers have little assurance that DWR will have the ability to recover=20
from ratepayers the costs of purchasing power.
Options to Resolve Concerns Regarding Credit Risk=20
We have been working diligently with DWR officials to resolve the credit risk=20
issues.  We have identified three options:
Amend AB1X
The amendments, which are attached to this email, would clarify that a) the=20
PUC would accept as =01&prudent and reasonable=018 all purchase costs incurred by=20
DWR, and b) the PUC is obligated to include in rates the charges necessary to=20
ensure that DWR fully recovers its costs of power purchases.  This is the=20
preferred option, though we understand that the there may be some political=20
challenges standing in the way of amending AB1X.  (See attached file=20
entitled, =01&AmendAB1X.doc=018.)
Clarify the Ambiguities in AB1X through an Order Issued by the PUC, and=20
through Contract Language
This is the option that we are currently working with DWR officials to=20
implement.  However, it is more complicated and could take significantly more=20
time to implement than the "legislative" fix.  We have attached electronic=20
copies of the talking points related to the order that the California PUC=20
would need to issue under this option.  (See attached file entitled,=20
=01&cpuctalkingpoints.doc.=018)
Make Use of Other Instruments Designed to Address Credit Risk
As indicated in our letter responding to DWR=01,s RFP, we are willing to accept=20
other forms of credit from DWR.  Those options include a letter of credit,=20
cash prepayment, or an acceptable form of collateral.  DWR officials have=20
indicated to us that DWR prefers to pursue the second options. That is, DWR=20
prefers to clarify the ambiguities in AB1X through a PUC order and through=20
contract amendments.
4. California=01,s Supply-demand Picture Heading into Summer 2001
Both the California Energy Commission and Cambridge Energy Research=20
Associates (CERA), a private sector energy think tank, have issued reports=20
showing that California faces a severe supply-demand imbalance.  They differ=20
only on how much and how soon additional supply will be made available.  All=20
credible sources agree that supply will be very tight throughout the Summer=20
of 2001 and that unless a solution is found immediately, blackouts are=20
likely. =20
CEC and CERA both forecast that California will be short of supply this=20
summer by approximately 5,000 MW.   These numbers are in line with our=20
estimates.  California=01,s supply base currently has a 6% capacity margin, well=20
below the average 15-20%, which is recommended for reliable system operation=20
in the West.  Since the West relies more heavily upon hydroelectric power=20
than other regions, reserves are particularly important, owing to the=20
unpredictability of the weather and the dry year the West has experienced to=20
date. In the event of a low rain and snow period, the system must possess the=20
flexibility to respond to the reduced availability of power supply. =20
California=01,s very low reserve margin makes it especially susceptible to this=20
requirement. =20
Other reasons for reduced supply for the Summer of 2001 include the early=20
draw-down of reservoirs in the continual effort to manage California's severe=20
supply-demand gap; emissions restrictions on existing plants; and a reduced=20
number of customers who can be curtailed under their contracts with the=20
utilities.  Cambridge Energy Research Associates asserts that at the current=20
pace of siting, permitting and construction, adequate supplies will not be=20
added to correct the market imbalance until 2003 at the earliest.
CERA predicts that California is likely to face approximately 20 hours of=20
rolling black outs this summer.  The CEC paints a considerably more=20
optimistic scenario, betting that California will bring an additional 5,000=20
MWs on line to meet peaking summer demand.  It is our view that California=20
should view the CEC's "rosy scenario" with considerable skepticism.
5. Suggested Package of Legislative Proposals Designed to Solve California=01,s=20
Electricity Crisis
This email offers an overview of our proposed legislative solution.  We will=20
deliver to your office tomorrow specific legislative language and existing=20
bills that we believe can accommodate our proposals.
As we have suggested throughout the crisis, any solution to California's=20
crisis must focus on four issues:
Increase supply
Decrease demand
Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market
Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency
Increase supply--Legislative vehicle: SB28X (Sher)
To site and construct a power plant in Texas takes approximately 2 years. =20
Enron and others have completed the entire process in other states in less=20
than a year.  In California, it takes about six years, or longer.
The Governor=01,s executive orders and Senator Sher=01,s siting reform legislation=20
are steps in the right direction.  Our suggested amendments can improve those=20
efforts by further addressing the difficulties that project developers face=20
in securing air emission reduction credits to meet the air permit=20
requirements included in the CEC's certification requirements.  Enron=01,s=20
proposal seeks to streamline the process for 1) obtaining credits and 2)=20
transfering credits between air districts.  In addition, it creates an=20
innovative emissions reduction bank to allow project sponsors to fund=20
emissions in advance of obtaining certification, and permits the affected air=20
districts to use those funds to finance projects that will produce the=20
required reductions in pollution emissions.
Decrease demand=01*Legislative Vehicle:   AB31X (Wright)
Because of the delay in getting a solution in place in California, closing=20
the supply-demand gap through energy conservation and efficiency offers the=20
best chance of avoiding blackouts this summer.  This can be accomplished most=20
effectively and quickly in two ways:
Buy-down demand
California is tapping into an enormous amount of money from the General Fund=20
to finance DWR=01,s power purchases.  California could likely reduce demand more=20
economically by running an auction to determine the payments businesses would=20
be willing to receive to reduce their demand for a sustained period (e.g.,=20
through the summer months).  DWR could easily run an on-line auction to=20
determine the price it could pay for these demand reductions.  To=20
participate, businesses would be required to have the metering equipment=20
necessary to monitor and verify that they are actually achieving the=20
reductions.  Enron has developed an on-line auction software package, =01&Deal=20
Bench,=018 that it would be willing to contribute to the effort.
Use Price Signals to Incent Voluntary Curtailment
To be successful, customers need access to the following key elements:
An internet based hour-ahead price posting system to track the market price=20
for hour-ahead power in real time.=20
Real-time metering systems for baseline demand and voluntarily curtailment=20
verification.
Settlement process that allows for market clearing prices of energy to be=20
paid for load reduction (=01&Negawatts=018).
The potential benefits of an effective demand response program would include:
=01&creation=018 of additional summer peaking capacity in California, particularly=20
in the short term, without requiring construction of additional generation=20
resources.
reduction of  peak or super-peak load on the over-stressed California=20
electric system, thus potentially reducing the overall cost of electricity in=20
the state.
fostering of demand elasticity without subjecting customers to the full risk=20
of hourly market price volatility by passing market price signals to=20
customers and allowing them to voluntarily shed load and be compensated for=20
responding.=20
We estimate that we could generate a summer 2001 on-peak demand response in=20
excess of 400 MW during certain high cost hours, and a demand response for=20
summer 2002 on-peak hours that could exceed 1000 MW.  We further estimate=20
that the market response to this program from all ESPs could be 2 to 3 times=20
that amount.  We recommend that the State of California provide rebates=20
directly to customers to fund the installation of advanced metering and=20
control systems that would support load curtailment implementation.
Establish a truly competitive retail electricity market=01*Legislative vehicle:=20
SB27X
The only customers who were protected from price volatility in San Diego were=20
customers who chose Direct Access and signed fixed price deals with energy=20
service providers.  Ironically, AB1X takes that important option away from=20
customers and businesses.  It is critical that AB1X be amended to remove the=20
prohibition against Direct Access.
Enron's legislative proposal would give customers freedom to enter into a=20
direct access transaction, while simultaneously addressing the Department of=20
Water Resources' concerns about stranded power costs that might result from=20
customer migration. =20
In addition, California will only achieve a competitive retail market when=20
the utility is removed completely from the procurement function.  Procurement=20
is not a utility core competency, as evidenced by the dire financial=20
condition in which the utilities now find themselves.  California should=20
therefore begin immediately to phase the utility out of the procurement=20
function entirely, with the goal of having all customers served by a=20
non-utility provider within 36 months.  To execute the transition, California=20
should hold a series of competitive solicitations over the 36-month period in=20
which competing service providers would bid for the right to serve segments=20
of utility load.
Return California=01,s Investor-owned utilities to solvency=01*Legislative vehicle:=20
AB18X
Utility bankruptcy will not increase supply and it will not decrease demand. =20
In short, bankruptcy does nothing to solve California=01,s supply-demand=20
imbalance.  In addition, bankruptcy increases the likelihood that consumers=20
and businesses will bear the significant financial risks of having California=20
State government assume the role of =01&electricity buyer=018 for an extended=20
period of time.  Finally, bankruptcy will undermine both investor confidence=20
in California's energy markets and the private sector's willingness to=20
participate in that market.
California can return the utilities to financial solvency by implementing a=20
series of staged rate increases.  California should design those rate=20
increases with the dual goal of returning the utilities to solvency without=20
=01&shocking=018 the economy or household budgets For example, California could=20
amortize the recovery of the utilities=01, past debt over a 5-10 year period. =20
In addition, the magnitude of the rate increase can be reduced in two ways:=20
First, the utilities could absorb some portion of their existing debt in=20
recognition of the risk they accepted when they agreed to the structure of AB=20
1890.  Second, California can =01&net=018 the revenues the utilities have received=20
from selling electricity into the Power Exchange against the debts they have=20
accrued due to the retail price cap.
Julie Pickard   If you wish to be removed from this mailing list  - please reply and
type the word "remove" in the subject line.
SOFTRAX Corporation is pleased to invite you to a Financial
Roundtable discussion on Revenue Recognition.  This seminar is free of
charge.
Seats are limited, so if you are interested, please contact Julie
Pickard (jpickard@softrax.com) to indicate that you will be attending no
later than Monday November 6, 2000.  We look forward to seeing you!  Please
include your full name, company name, title, email address and phone number.
Issues in Accounting for Software and Internet Activities
Sponsored by: SOFTRAX Corporation
Presenter:     Ashwinpaul C. Sondhi, PhD
When:     Wednesday, November 15, 2000; 3:00
PM-5:30 PM
Cocktail Reception
to follow 5:30 PM - 7:00 PM
Where:      Omni Austin Hotel, 700 San
Jacinto at 8th Street, Austin, TX 78701.  512.476.3700
Seminar is held in
the Congress Room
Reception is held in
the Chambers Room
Who Should Attend: Controllers, CFO's, CPA's, VC's, and those
charged with any aspect of financial reporting for companies
RSVP:     Jpickard@softrax.com   (by Monday
November 6, 2000)
In this discussion you will learn the latest about:
* EITF 00-3: Application of AICPA SOP 97-2 to Arrangements that
Include the Right to Use Software stored on Another Entity's Hardware.
* EITF 99-17: Accounting for Advertising Barter Transactions
* EITF 00-2: Accounting for Web Site Development Costs
*  Revenue recognition
*  Recognition of ad revenue with "hits"
*  "impression" guarantees
*  Transparency of deferral
*  Reporting for barter transactions
*  Classification of expenses between operating
*  categories and segment reporting
*  AICPA Technical Practice Aid on rebates and heavily
* discounted introductory offers, plus models to determine how much
this
* practice really costs
*  Deferred revenue and sales growth
*  Handling cost of service outages
*  An update on pooling
About the Speaker:
Ashwinpaul (Tony) C. Sondhi, PhD received his PhD in Accounting and
Economics/Management Science in 1985 from New York University. His research
has been published in several accounting and finance journals.
Mr. Sondhi is co-author of:
* The Analysis of Financial Statements, 1998
* Impairments and Write-offs of Long-Lived Assets
* CFA Readings in Financial Statement Analysis
He has also edited:
* Credit Analysis of Nontraditional Debt Securities
* Off-Balance Sheet Financing Techniques
Sondhi is a member of the Financial Accounting Policy Committee of
the AIMR and has served on the committee of the AICPA, the FASB, and the
International Accounting Standards Committee.  He was an advisor to the FASB
on its project comparing U.S. and International Financial Reporting
Standards.  He taught at New York University, Columbia University and at
Georgetown.  He is currently a Visiting Professor at Stockholm University,
Sweden and Copenhagen Business School, Denmark.
Sondhi serves on the board of directors of two mutual funds and is
an advisor to several US and Foreign companies.  His consulting activities
include valuation, comparative analysis of financing and capital structure
alternatives, creation and operation of finance, securitization,
intellectual property, and investment subsidiaries, analysis of covenants
and development of debt agreements.
Brenda:
Could you please e-mail me an invitation, the file you sent does not allow 
you to print.  Although Mr. Lay will not be in the office this day I would 
like to let him know about Howard Martin's retirement.
Thanks
Tori
Michael -
Ken Lay said to tell you this is fine.
Rosalee
Mr. Lay--
During the negotiations with the Rockets as to how much each party would
contribute to the Arena referendum campaign, Mike Goldberg of Baker & Botts
suggested that the Rockets would like to net their contribution obligation
against other contributions that they solicited.
After a conversation with you, John Watson and I advised Mike Goldberg that
you did not want to be competing with the Rockets in soliciting
contributions to the Arena referendum campaign.
Mike Goldberg called Friday and asked whether it would be acceptable for the
Rockets to net against their contribution obligation contributions that they
have solicited from Baker & Botts, Jim MacInvale and Tilman Fertitta.  Mike
suggested that these three persons would be the only outside persons that
would be solicited by the Rockets.
Would you please let me know if this is acceptable to you.  You or Rosalee
may call me at 713-758-2350 or send me a response e-mail at
mtelle@velaw.com.
Sincerely,
Michael S. Telle
Ken wanted me to let you know that he has something in Austin the night 
before and wanted to find out what time the event in Cornell begins.
Rosie
Kevin Hannon@MUNICATIONS on 11/29/2000 08:51:27 AM
Ken and Jeff,
As I think you both know I have been active in recruiting at Cornell for the 
Enron Associate program for several years now.  I also recently have become 
involved with something called the Park Leadership Fellowship Board which 
provides scholarships and forums to discuss business leadership issues.  They 
are holding a pretty prominent event called Leadership week which will 
include the business heads of Corning and American Express discussing their 
company's strategies for defining leadership in business today.  I hate to 
ask you guys to do things like this but it is a pretty big event and would 
really highlight Enron's recognition of Cornell as being a "Core School" in 
the MBA recruiting process.  The event as outlined below is scheduled for 
March 28th.  I appreciate your consideration.
Kevin
ras22@cornell.edu
11/29/00 06:19 AM
Kevin-
Just a quick follow-up on my November 2 email regarding Enron's
participation in the Johnson School's March Leadership Week and the
possibility of doing a case study on Enron.  Wondered if you have had a
chance to float these ideas with Jeff or Ken?  I know you have lots on
you plate.  Let me know if you have any sense of how this might go. 
Below is the earlier email I sent to you.  Thanks for the help.  Hope all
is well with you.
Nov.2 email text
We at Cornell's Johnson School would like to establish a stronger link
with Enron, a company which we believe to be a leading example of the
agile organization which will dominate in the dynamic, unpredictable
markets of the next decade.  One connecting point which we would like
Enron to consider is with our Center for Leadership in Dynamic
Organizations which draws faculty and students from across Cornell and
beyond.
The specific activities that we propose at this point in time are two. 
First, we would like to invite a senior leader from Enron to be a key
speaker at the Johnson School's Leadership Week in March, 2001.  As
described in the attached materials, Leadership Week is made up of three
conferences focused on academic faculty, leading-edge corporations and
students.  We very much would like Enron to present what we call a "live
case study" at the corporate conference on  2001 
You, of course, are an obvious candidate to do this.  Alternatively, this
is the kind of event that is made to order for Jeff Skilling or Ken Lay
and would give them a chance to interact with other corporate leaders and
the Cornell community.  Other corporate leaders we have signed up for the
corporate conference are John Loose, President and COO of Corning, Ken
Chenault, incoming CEO of American Express, Marty Coyne, just announced
President of Kodak's new Commercial Group.  Each of these leaders has a
distinct message to deliver about the leadership challenges involved in
continually reinventing themselves in a fast-changing marketplace 
We have several other speakers lined up for other parts of Leadership
Week, including Ken Blanchard and, we think, Abbey Cohen from Goldman
Sachs.  We have some chance of getting Bill Ford from Ford Motor Company
and an outside shot at Jack Welch through our President Emeritus Frank
Rhodes, but these are still long shots.
The point is that this is the biggest thing that will happen at the
Johnson School and probably at Cornell next year.  If Jeff or Ken wanted
a platform for telling the Enron story, this would be a good one.  If
they can't do it, hopefully we could convince you to do it.  Again, the
date is March 28, 2001 
The second proposal is to develop a teaching case on Enron along the same
lines.  In fact, if we started working on the teaching case soon, it
could become the basis for the March conference live case study
presentation.  We believe that Enron is unique in its ability to
literally create new markets.  The question is how do you lead and manage
an organization to keep the tight financial and risk controls in place
that you do, but still create the entrepreneurial behavior that seems to
be the case at Enron.  What kind of management philosophies, systems and
practices make this possible.
I know that Enron was the subject of two Harvard cases in 1993 and around
1997.  As I understand it neither focused on organizational and
leadership issues.  We would like to devote a small research team to
building this case about Enron, directed by myself and Professor Lee Dyer
from the ILR School.  We would need access to a number of people in the
Enron organization, but are very aware of the demands on time for fast
moving organizations and are committed to doing this in a very efficient
way.
Kevin, we appreciate your willingness to entertain these two ideas and
hopefully test them with your top leaders.  We will do anything we can to
make it feasible for Enron to engage with us on these two initiatives. 
Please let me know what I can do to help you carry this forward.  As
always, thanks for your great personal support.
Dick
Oh, the mis-spell doesn't matter.  Most people call me Rosie, so no one 
really knows how to spell my name.
Rosie
Thanks Rosalee;sorry for the mis-spell.   ,          Bijan