mulong wang 
Rabi,
Thanks for your message. 
Everybody who interviewed you was greatly impressed with your technical 
skills and professional attitude.
We shall extend an offer to you within a day or two.
Vince
Rabi De 
Dear Dr. Kaminsky:
Thank you very much for arranging the follow-up interview with your internal 
clients. I visited Mr. Ted Murphy and his staff at RAC and Mr. Dennis 
Benevides at EES yesterday. I was impressed with level of risk technology 
employed by Enron to achieve its business objectives. I want to reiterate my 
strong interest in joining your group, which is held in very high esteem both 
inside and outside of Enron.? I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Rabi S. De
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere! 
John,
I haven't received the invitation yet to the Sep 13th meeting.
I shall contact you Thursday regarding the CMU presentation.
Vince
John B Gordon@
08/23/2000 05:01 PM
Vince:
I understand that you are the lead recruiter for CMU.  As you know, I am the 
only alum from that school in Enron's Associate Program.  I assume I will be 
joining you for our corporate presentation on 9/13 at 7:30am.  Please let me 
know what I can do to help prepare for this event.  Enron and GSIA are a 
great fit, so I want this recruiting effort to go well.
Are you also giving a talk/lecture to the computational finance students?  If 
so, what time?  Maybe we can schedule a lunch with Duane Seppi.  I look 
forward to hearing from you.
John Gordon
Ashley.
FYI. What about Oct 16?
Vince
Dear Vince.
I sent you a reply earlier this month but I haven't heard from you about the
date of your visit. Our department has a Seminar every Monday. If you can
schedule your visit on a Monday I would like to invite you to give a seminar
which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will
give you an opportunity to tell them about your program. With sufficient
lead-time I can advertise the seminar in the Hass school to their financial
engineering students.
Shmuel.
Shmuel S. Oren, Professor
Dept. of Industrial Engineering
and Operations Research
4117 Etcheverry Hall
University of California
Berkeley, CA 94720-1777
e-mail: oren@ieor.berkeley.edu
phone: (510) 642-1836 or 5484
Fax:      (510) 642-1403
 Shmuel,