(See attached file: danceoff.exe  - danceoff.exe
How are you today ?   Must be busy, I havn't heard form you much.   I am 
bored.
Hello Bill,
It was great to get your note today.  I also think of you often.  Thanks for 
the complements concerning Enron, as always I am very proud of Enron where 
we've been and where it seems we are going.  Work is going well,  Business 
with Prebon is still null.  Has nothing to do with Cathy I think she is a 
great person and a  good broker, it just doesn't seem like they (Prebon) has 
any good information and markets anymore.  It is sad actually, ever since you 
left the group things have never been the same.  YOU made a big difference 
there.
Yes I would love to try and meet with you.  I need more information though Things are kinda hectic here and at home so timing is everything for me these 
days.  Lunch is out of the question.  So we are looking at drinks or dinner the week of the 20th is better.  The week of the 25th is not going to be easy 
cuz it is settlement week.
Pam is doing fine.  Still looking for a job.  Hopefully something will happen 
soon.  She had mentioned that you wrote a note,  I guess I got the impression 
she had replied.  She is a little stressed in trying to get things settled in 
her life so just give her some time.
All is fine with one exception.  Do not set up a product for the columbia 
mainline
Thanks
You know i will do anythint i can to help.
spoke with Jeff this morning he doean't know these guys .  sorry - good luck
WOW that was very powerful.  thank you for sharing this with me.    it makes 
me want to make a few changes to my life,
thank you
have a great weekend maybe we can go to dinner late nexr week
you are most welcome.  take care of yourself and your babies.
thanks
Wanted to say Hello.  I must tell you I miss you, I don't have anyone to 
shake my head at anymore. Hoping all is well with the new position.  Also 
wanted to thank you for calling Pam I do appreciate that .  There are  plans 
are for my husband and I to meet some friends of yours this weekend.  We are 
getting together with the Schnitzers and they have invited the Kushnicks Jon and Susan really enjoy them and have wanted to introduce us for some time 
now Looking forward to the introduction.    Again,  I hope the job is treating 
you well.
,
Sandra
i dont book these trades
thanks for the information - you know us traders always looking for more info.
not completed he didn't have the chance today.  I was unable to close a 
Excell spreadsheet for me to install the memory
Thank you very much for the invite .  However I will not be able to attend
great joke i laugh out loud - the massage was great    the best of luck to 
you i will say a prayer for your 
Sandra,
My cousin sent me this.  It is so stupid but it made me laugh.
By the way the orthodontist called me last night.  What is he thinking?  I
was not home thank goodness.  SOLD 
I am not signed onto instant messenger.  I am doing some research this
morning.  I am really nervous about my interview today.
How was the massage?
Pam
 > > Dog In Heat
 > > A little girl asked her mom, "Mom, may I take the dog for a walk
 > > around the block?
 > > Mom replies, "No, because she is in heat."
 > > "What's that mean?" asked the child.
 > > "Go ask your father. I think he's in the garage."
 > > The little girl goes to the garage and says, "Dad, may I take
 > > Belle for a walk around the block? I asked Mom, but she said the
 > > dog was in heat, and to come to you."
 > > Dad said, "Bring the Belle over here." He took a rag, soaked it
 > > with gasoline, and scrubbed the dog's backside with it and said,
 > > "Okay, you can go now, but keep Belle on the leash and only go
 > > one time around the block."
 > > The little girl left, and returned a few minutes later with no
 > > dog on the leash.
 > > Surprised, Dad asked, "Where's Belle?"
 > > The little girl said, "She ran out of gas about halfway down the
 > > block, so another dog is pushing her home."