(See attached file: bha_b_nai.exe)
- bha_b_nai.exe
for new year's i am going to stay in houston.  i was going to new orleans but 
i don't feel like making the drive now.  it is fairly dead at work for me 
too.  what are you doing in sf again?  sf is such a cool city.  do a lot of 
your friends from oregon live there?  i will check out that web site today.
i'm in
what type of truck did she win?
i sent mckenna a gift certificate for her b-day.  it should be on your 
email.  let me know if you don't get it.
i am a shooter again.  i got a cell phone.  the number is 713-825-8410.  i am 
being annitiantion.
i have a cell phone now.  # is 713-825-8410
that what i said
mine is huge
this weekend we have to hit this new bar called the hub.  i heard it was full 
of hotties.  start there and end in your environment (merc room).  how was 
cali?
hot shit
how much weed did you smoke at that concert?
would you mind picking me up two tickets for prague?
i will still help you with your seatbelt.  my new ride is nice.  i cannot 
wait to pick it up.  it is so nice not to worry about the rain now.  i will 
be big pimpin in this ride.
i got a new ride.  i sold the jeep and got a tahoe.  daddy is money
i already made a rap cd at val's.  it has some great rap songs.  country 
grammar is the first song.  i will blare it with my new state of the art 
sound system.  i will pick it up today or tomorrow.
i don't wear fubu, i wear skidz.  it has jay-z, brand nubian, easy e, bone 
thugs, big punisher, limp bizkit 
it is dark blue with tan interior.  i looks good.  i got an ureal deal on 
it.  i got it for cheaper than trade in blue book.  what are you going to 
get.
lets go to new orleans.  that sounds good to me.  i don't know how i got such 
a good deal but i am psyched up.  i can't wait.
are you getting a used car or a new car?  maximas are good.  i like the older 
models though 
why don't you get a 95 maxima.  i think you can get those for around $10 or 
lower and just finance the rest.
those are cool.  maybe you should just keep yours until it is dead.  doesn't 
make sense to pay more since you just bought a new place.  how many bedrooms 
is it?  what is the new number?
set up a trip in oct.  maybe we can get a long weekend.  maybe lsu plays one 
day and we could check that out.  i will take a look.
call me when you get a chance.  they have the wrong ext. for you on voice 
activation thing.
who sings fucking right it's all right?
i am gonna drive my new ride.  hopefully i pick it up today.  it is so nice i don't need a car this nice but what the hell.  how much is your mo. note 
gonna be on your house?
let s try to set up that weekend.
which telas?  the one on shepard or near montrose?
i will pick it up today or tomorrow.  it is a 1998.  i thought that the best 
i could do was a 96, but i got such a sweet deal on this one 
i will pick it up today or tomorrow.  the guy needs to get his wife to sign 
some shit before i can get the loan money.
i will make it .  remind me thurs.
do i have to wear a tux or a suit
call me about it tonight
I know I've been slacking, so hopefully this can make up for lost
time 
Be extremely cautious when opening this file.  Open in private!