- ENRON.forward.10.26.00.blackline.doc
- ENRON.forward.10.26.00.clean.doc
I need to be present for my home burglar alarm installation this afternoon Please feel free to contact me at (713) 664-3207.
Thanks.  Sara
Kaye:  please print.  Thanks.  Sara
Janine Juggins
10/27/2000 12:53 PM
as background for the meeting that we are trying to schedule for Fri 3 Nov 
attached is an overview of the trading operations we have. I cannot promise 
it is 100% complete and accurate (and there are new businesses to be added) 
but it is a start.
Janine
please let me know by the end of the day today.  thanks.  ss
Sara Shackleton
10/30/2000 08:58 AM
Jason:  Please let me know where we stand on this and what steps we are 
currently taking to finalize.
On a different matter, I spoke with Mike Neves on Friday afternoon and we 
concluded that getting you hooked up to Lotus Notes was becoming too 
complicated.  Please email your updates to me and I will enter onto Lotus 
Notes.
Thanks.  Sara
P.S.  I have approved all of your invoices for payment.
John Greene
10/30/2000 04:40 AM
Sara,
Where do we stand on the contractual issues associated with getting this 
software installed on our desktops 
Thanks and John
Holly:  We sent a draft ISDA to EWEB on 4/19/00 to the attention of Jim 
Origliosso.  We have never heard a word.  Please let me know what you need Sara
Tanya:  This is the master referred to in my vm.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
10/02/2000 08:29 AM
Don't know if I have the name spelled correctly but I received a call 
requesting an ISDA Master (for Pushkar Shahi) for trading rate/currency Thanks.  Sara
I thought I sent this to you already:
1.  coordination of setoff rights among multiple agreements (financial, 
physical, electronic)
2.  absence of mster netting agreement
3.  transacting with municipals (esp. international)
4.  trader education
5.  electronic trading agreements and passwords (esp. unknown to legal)
Mark Taylor
10/25/2000 11:54 AM
Mark Haedicke has asked me to submit a list of our "top ten legal risks please let me know of anything you think should be included in the list.
Also, see form II-B of the 2000 ISDA Definitions.
Someone please explain.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
10/25/2000 11:42 AM
A document entitled "Third Party Connection:  Customer Profile" showed up in 
my inter-office mail What is this in relation to?  What company?  Who requested?   Why?
Thanks.  Sara
Gary is going to provide me with a list of OTC products for priority 
trading.  He has been in discussions with tax and structuring in Houston for 
the S. Cone.  The group has considered (i) trading onshore, (ii) trading as a 
sub of Elektro (and can this be a sub of an offshore entity?) and (iii) 
trading offshore.  They have studied the CC5 account requirements and have 
had conversations wtih JP Morgan and BofA.  There appears to be little 
communication with anyone in Brazil and Joe Kishkill is going to Sao Paulo 
next week.  I'll be more specific in a day or so.  I'm still having problems 
tying into the database (this is ridiculous!).  Did you receive my voice 
mail?  SS 
Have you been able to get a better handle on what it is that Gary wants to do?
Jim:  I didn't know if Clint had already forwarded this to you.  Sara
"Franz, Philip"  	10/27/2000 04:36 PM
Clint and Sara,
I have enclosed the revised confirm for your review - one blackline version
and one clean version - per Paul Rosica.
Enjoy your weekend.
,
Phil
Phil Franz
Transaction Management/Equity Derivatives
Lehman Brothers
(212)526-8482
pfranz@lehman.com
 This message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the
 designated recipient(s) named above.  If you are not the intended
 recipient of this message you are hereby notified that any review,
 dissemination, distribution or copying of this message is strictly
 prohibited.  This communication is for information purposes only and
 should not be regarded as an offer to sell or as a solicitation of an
 offer to buy any financial product, an official confirmation of any
 transaction, or as an official statement of Lehman Brothers Inc., its
 subsidiaries or affiliates.  Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be
 secure or error-free.  Therefore, we do not represent that this
 information is complete or accurate and it should not be relied upon as
 such.  All information is subject to change without notice.