Vince Kaminski
A quick  update on the status of Sandeep Kohli.
He is working currently in my group. He is available on a very short notice to help you with
any quantitative modeling  that can be required in making decisions regarding
our DPC strategy. In case you need his help, he can also rely on the support 
of other members of my group with skills in different areas.
Vince Kaminski
resend Risk Desk
Shirley,
I shall come. I shall bring a cake.
I may be late, coming around 2:00. 
I expect some people who will
come to give me an estimate 
and they come when they come.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
05/03/2001 09:39 AM
Hi everyone.
Please rsvp to me by tomorrow if you will be attending the party on Saturday.
If you plan on attending, please let me know what dish you will bring.
Thanks!
Shirley
=20
David Ikenberry  Mr. Fastow,
I'm writing all of our participants and confirming plans for the upcoming
corporate finance meetings on May 4-5 here.  As a reminder, you are slated
to sit on the executive option/equity dilution panel on Saturday
morning.  Dave Yermack from NYU, the number one expert on this issue, is
presenting at that session.  (Again, serving as a panelist should require
little preparation on your behalf.)
Also, you and your wife are welcome to attend the dinner on Friday evening,
May 4.  It will be held in the Baker Institute across from the business
school.  Tom Copeland is our speaker - (I think he plans to focus his
remarks on real options).  Vince Kaminski  has told me he will be at the
dinner, however his wife is out of town and will not be.
Please call me direct if I can be of any help or assistance.   I look
forward to seeing you soon.  I've attached a copy of the program along with
a name rooster of those planning to attend.
Dave Ikenberry
Prof. David Ikenberry
Jones Graduate School of Management
Rice University
713-348-5385
John,
Thanks. I got it.
Vince
Zimin Lu
05/03/2001 03:31 PM
Stinson,
We are going to update you and Vince the progress of the EOL George project.  Friday, 9:30AM - 10:00AM in EB 1938.
Bob,
We may get some other ideas from the following book, take a look to see if it is worth to buy one.
Risk Executive Reports =09 =09  =09
=09 =09High-Frequency Financial Market Data Sources, Applications and Market Microstructure By Dr Owain ap Gwilym and Professor Charles Sutcliffe, School of Management, University of Southampton, UK A high-quality, non-technical resource on an increasingly invaluable topic for all users of high-frequency data. 10 sections cover the many aspects of high-frequency data by covering a broad set of information ranging from data suppliers to detailed research angles  Topics covered include: managing HFD; arbitrage opportunities; intra-day seasonalities; regulation; market efficiency and market making.     Format Price Report ?175/US$280 A4, 162pp Published: August 1999  Review  | Table of Contents  | Order Now in ?  | Order Now in $      For other titles of interest please click here: Risk Executive Reports   Send this page to a colleagueHigh-Frequency Financial Market DataCONTENTS1. Introduction and overview Overview and background The motivation and demand for high-frequency data The uses of high-frequency data Structure of this report2. Sources and Types of High-Frequency Data Types of data Data supplied by exchanges Panel 2.1 (by Paul MacGregor, Liffe) - The sourcing and preparation of Liffe tick data Specialist data providers Real-time data providers Summary3. Managing and Exploiting High-Frequency Data Panel 3.1 - Illustrative high-frequency data Data storage, filtering and cleaning The treatment of time Panel 3.2 - Olsen filtering system Constructing continuous series Key considerations in manipulating high-frequency data Modelling issues Summary of chapter4. Arbitrage Opportunities in Equity Markets What is arbitrage? Empirical studies of arbitrage opportunities Arbitrage in equity markets Individual arbitrage trades5. Intra-Day Seasonalities Intra-day patterns in returns Intra-day patterns in volume Intra-day patterns in volatility Intra-day patterns in the bid-ask spread Intra-day patterns in the autocorrelation of returns Intra-day patterns in hedge ratios Other intra-day patterns Effects of news announcements on intra-day patterns The turn-of-the-year effect and high-frequency data Conclusions6. Links Between Markets Leads and lags in prices between different types of market based on the same asset The 1987 stock market crash Leads and lags in price volatility Links between geographically separated markets Rival markets7. Destabilisation of Markets Relative volatility Programme trading and volatility Price movements at expiration Conclusions8. Regulations Governing the Markets Regulation of dual capacity Circuit breakers Restrictions on short selling Taxes on transactions Tick size and price clustering Delayed publication of trades Conclusions9. Market Efficiency Weak-form efficiency Semi-strong-form efficiency Conclusions10. Market MakingRevision of prices Other aspects of financial markets Determinants of the bid-ask spread Block trades Conclusions11. Conclusion and Future Developments References =09
=09 =09 =09
Thanks, Ben.
172 papers on credit risk apparently  
Pam,
Another term paper:
John Ganguzza
Neeraj Hingorani
Grant Johnson
Duane Maue
Rishad Patel
Eric van Stone
Palo Yoshiuro
Grade:  A
Please, confirm.
Vince
Pam,
The last group.
Please, let me know if any name is missing.
Grade: A
Thanks a lot. It was a pleasure working with you.
Vince Kaminski
Lance,
I could not open the attachment.
I concur with Vasant. We always face a challenge with summer interns: we don't want
to expose them to too much information. We typically look for a self-contained project 
and limit intern's access to additional information.
Vince
Hi Lance,
he looks very good.  How would you plan on using him?  My only concern about using a summer intern would be that I would not want him to learn all about Enron's operations in power trading and then go work somewhere else.  But if you think we can use him in a more generic manner where you give him specialized projects and you yourself deal directly with the traders, then that may be a possibility.  If you agree, let us check with Vince and then interview him.
Vasant
Vasant,
Attached is a resume for a candidate that might serve temporarily through the summer.  Maybe this could be a stop gap measure until we can locate a full time person.  I would anticipate him working as a summer intern. 
Lance 
Hi!
Thank you very much for your help.
Here is my resume.
Please let me know what should I do next as soon as possible.
Becasue I have several interview plans with other companies.
But I would like to work at Enron most.
So if I can get the job at Enron, I don't want to
hang around others.
Thank you again.
Youseok Son
Energy Systems, ECE
University of Texas, Austin
Email : ysson@mail.utexas.edu
Tel. : 512-471-4606
- myResume.doc  
Sam,
Yes, I will contribute.
Vince
Vince,
I hope your day is going well.  We seem to have temporarily run out of new people to feature.  Would you mind doing a Kaminski Column for Monday?  I think that in the future, I would like to feature Tanya's daughter Sofya, and also perhaps see if we can cover some people in our offices overseas.  If they can produce the photographs over there, it should be workable. 
Until then, would you like to contribute?
Thank You!
Sam
Outlook Migration Team@
05/04/2001 03:26 PM
Current Notes User:=20
To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
Thank you.
Outlook 2000 Migration Team
Full Name:       Vince J Kaminski
Login ID:  vkamins
Extension:  3-3848
Office Location:  EB1962
What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop, Laptop
Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  Palm Pilot
Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  NO
If yes, who? =20
Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  Shirley Crenshaw, Anita DuPont
If yes, who? =20
Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  NO
If yes, who? =20
Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  NO
If yes, who? =20
Do you have access to a shared calendar?  NO
If yes, which shared calendar? =20
Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  NO
If yes, please list here: =20
Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20
In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? NO
If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20
Vince, 
My schedule for the RISK 2001 conference in Houston is: 
arrive Sunday 4/13 9pm 
Staying at the Houstonian 
depart Tuesday 4/15 5:30 pm. 
Hopefully, we can get together. 
thanks, Aram  (cell phone 503-701-6692) 
Praveen Mellacheruvu@EES
05/04/2001 02:22 PM
I have attached the article to be published in the next issue of Research Intelligence for your perusal. 
Please do provide me with your comments on the same.
Praveen.
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
05/04/2001 04:48 PM
My corrections are in blue.
Krishna.
Praveen Mellacheruvu@EES
05/04/2001 02:22 PM
I have attached the article to be published in the next issue of Research Intelligence for your perusal. 
Please do provide me with your comments on the same.
Praveen.
Stinson,
Can you please take a quick look and fwd it to Sam
Smith (wsmith2@)
Vince
VKaminski@aol.com on 05/06/2001 07:59:33 PM
A reminder: this column serves two objectives. The firstis introduction of  
new members of the Research Group, and of the associates andsummer interns  
rotating through the group. The second objective is to reviewinteresting  
publications related to energy markets, quantitative finance andother topics  
of interest to the Enron audience. I have run out of the newmembers to  
introduce and it's time to some real work. 
Today's column is devoted to the issue of technicalanalysis. Financial  
economists tend to dismiss technical analysis (chartism) asvoodoo science Over the last few years, however, a significant amount ofevidence that  
technical analysis works at least in some markets. A paperpublished recently  
by Carol Osler of Federal Reserve Bank of New York (CurrencyOrders and  
Exchange-Rate Dynamics: Explaining the Success of Technical Analysis)reviews  
two cases in which technical analysis proved quite successful inoffering  
useful predictions in the foreign currency markets. The firstprediction is  
that trends tend to be reversed at identifiable support orresistance levels The second is that if a support or resistance level isbreached, trends tend  
to accelerate. 
The explanation of this success can be found, according toCarol Osler, in the  
microstructure of the F/X market: take-profit and stop-lossorders tend to  
cluster around certain typical levels (like exchange rate endingin a specific  
market at 00 or 50 level). For example, the author found thatthat roughly  
2.8% of all stop-loss buy orders are triggered when the rate hitsa round  
number, while 10.5% of take profit sales orders are triggered. Thisasymmetry  
explains the success of the first prediction of technical analysis. Asecond  
asymmetry is related to clustering of orders just above and just belowround  
numbers ending in 50 and 00. Stop-loss buy orders are infrequent at ratesjust  
below these levels, and cluster above these levels. Stop-loss sell  
orders,however, cluster just below 00 and 50 levels a relatively scarce at  
rates justabove these levels 
The question remains, why conditional orders tend tocluster at certain  
levels. One possibility is cognitive advantage tradersderive from managing  
large volume of information using simplified rules.Another possibility is  
that they follow recommendations of technical analysisin managing their  
books. In this case, technical analysis becomes aself-fulfilling prophecy. 
Please, contact us for thecopy of the paper if this caught your attention.
- wjk0506.doc 
Any interest in this conference?
Vince
Jinbaek,
May 30 sounds good. I shall inform our HR department.
I don't see any project I could get going with your advisor on such a short
notice.
When you come here you can determine in what area he could make
the biggest contribution to Enron. I shall call or E-mail
him independently and talk to him.
Vince
Dr. Kaminski,
I think I'll be able to start work from the last week of May,
but not from monday,
probably, I'll be able to work from 5/30 (wed).
Will it be good? I know it is not that much earlier than I mentioned..6/4
I am sorry.
And actually, there is an e-business conference at Haas school of business,
organized by my advisor
Could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups
interested in e-business and especially procurement?
The link is as following.
I am afraid you might forgot this I told you in the last email My advisor (Arie Segev at Haas school of business; segev@haas.berkeley.edu)
wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him
during the summer, while I am staying there.
His interest is in e-business.. (what else and has expertise in e-procurement system and marketplace XML based standard such as OBI,cXML, xCBL, RosettaNet, BizTalk system interoperability study, auction and negotiation, workflow system,
e-catalog management, digital signature, EDI, etc etc many technical aspects of e-business He wants to do some kind of technical case study
that is beneficial for both ENRON and him.
He may travel one or two times to Houston to have a meeting during the
summer.
(And to be frankly, this will be good for me too,
because I can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in Houston Could you think about the possibility of joint research, with him?
Thank you..
Sincerely,
Jinbaek
- FCP-invite.pdf 
Anurag,
No message attached.
Nice to hear from you again.
Vince
Anurag,
I shall talk about Vikas to our IT people.
Can you send me his resume?
Vince
Vince,
I have  left a voice mail to you and will wait to talk to you personally. My brother  Vikas, who is now in London, is trying to make a switch from consulting world to  working for a specific firm. Over last few months, I have heard of great deal  about the success of Enron on line business which fits well in the area of his  expertise. I am wondering if you know of some one in London who he can speak to  regarding career opportunities. 
Since  I spoke to you last, a number of things have changed. Recently, my manadate was  broaden to include leading a charge for developing a risk management function  for both the domestic and international businesses for GMAC. Needless to say,  this is exciting albeit making the life a little more hectic than  usual.
Talk  to you later.
Anurag
952-  857 - 6133
Attached is the latest issue of Btu Weekly.
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wg050701.pdf 
Andreas,
My private E-mail address is vkaminski@aol.com
My phone number is 713 410 5396 (cell)
(281) 367 5377 (home).
Vince
Dear Vince
I have not heard from you for a few days and was  wondering what is happening. The last time I spoke to Shelley, everything was  fine and that you were still going ahead with your presentation and  co-presenting the workshop on energy risk.
Please do reply to put my mind at  rest!
Thank you
Andreas
______________________
Andreas  Simou
Conference Director, GARP
Tel: +44 (0)20 7626 9301
Fax: +44 (0)20  7626 9900www.garp.com Don't miss the GARP 2002 Convention,
for full  program details visit our web site, www.garp.com  
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp050701.pdf 
Francesca,
It was nice meeting you in San Antonio.
An article from FT on IPOs in case you missed it.
Vince Kaminski
David,
Sounds like a safe bet.
Vince
Vince
I here you are running abook on how quickly we can implement Convolution VaR for power and since I am up against a summer deadline for this I felt I should take the other side.
So how about I buy you dinner if I get it done ?
Rgds
DP
Larry,
I was thinking about the potential applications over the weekend
and I think I shall have a proposal for you in a few days.
Vince
P.S. I want to remind you about the favor I asked you about.
We would like to talk (no commitments) to the Prediction Company.
Can you refer me to your friend.
Vince
LawrenceLRTNMT@aol.com on 05/06/2001 12:07:18 AM
Dear Vince,
I just wanted to thank you for inviting me to visit Enron last Friday and
for the generous amount of time you spent with me personally while I was
there.  I found our discussions both informative and stimulating.
Vince, I was genuinely impressed by the caliber of the group you have
assembled at Enron.  Their individual and collective expertise is obvious;
and they were most generous in exchanging ideas and sharing opinions with me.
If you or any of your people have, over the weekend, developed further
questions or thought of additional information that might be helpful, I'm
standing by.  I'm eager to continue our dialogue.
Sincerely,
Larry Thorne
Ken,
Please, watch out.
Vince
jgshelp  URGENT MESSAGE FROM IT STAFF:
Yuxing Yao  
and
Chemistry  
X-From_: pshaw@rice.edu Mon May  7 10:20 CDT 2001
Date: Mon, 07 May 2001 10:22:05 -0500
I stupidly open one of the files mentioned below. Could someone come down and check out my computer.
Peggy
X-From_: owner-libstaff@listserv.rice.edu  Mon May  7 09:54:19  2001
Two messages distributed via the ALLDEPTS mailing list in the last two
hours have contained virus-infected attachments, probably because of 
mail-oriented virus rather than any knowing behavior on the part of the
nominal senders. Please delete *unread* the messages from
Yuxing Yao  
and
Chemistry  
.
As an emergency measure, our mailing list software has been configured
to prohibit e-mail with attachments from being distributed.
If you have inadvertently opened one of the infected files, please consult
your local IT divisional support or the Consulting Center at x4983 as
soon as possible.
As always: *never* open attachments unless your virus protection is
up-to-date, and you're 100% sure that the attachment is what it appears
to be.
Glenn Forbes Fleming Larratt
Rice University Network Management
glratt@rice.edu
Rick Russell  The Magistrad Worm
Systems affected: PCs with Windows 95/98/ME, Windows NT/2000 with poor
security
Method of propagation:  E-mail attachment; when opened it attaches
itself to Windows executable files and sends itself to e-mail recipients.
It can grab e-mail recipient addresses from Outlook, Outlook Express,
Netscape and/or Microsoft Internet Mail and News.
Risk to the Rice campus:  High. It spreads quickly, and it can damage
or destroy files and damage the system BIOS. It does not attack document
files specifically.
Hi again, it's Rick Russell your local virus guy. Two e-mail messages to
ALLDEPTS this morning contained this vicious virus. The virus affects PC
systems with Windows 9X/NT/2000, not Macs or UNIX systems.
For all the details, visit:
This virus does not execute unless you open the attached files. So, if you
didn't open the attachments, you're fine. If you did and you're using a PC
system with some version of Windows, please contact IT staff for help
immediately. Contact information is included on the above web page.
Please do NOT open attachments without confirming their validity.
Confirmation might include a second e-mail with an exact description of
the attachment contents (including file names and sizes), a telephone
call, or a face-to-face meeting. NEVER open attachments with EXE in the
filename.
Please do not distribute this e-mail outside the Rice community, or
forward it after June 15, 2001.
Yours truly,
** Rick Russell, IT Consulting Specialist
** rickr@rice.edu, Mudd 106D, 713-348-5267
ERisk  ERISK ESSENTIALS What's New at ERisk.com, 4 May 2001
This week&#8217;s Essentials is brought to you by ERisk Analytics 1.0, the first executive information system dedicated to strategic capital management. Learn more about this comprehensive new software solution and how it delivers enterprise risk management analytics that effectively link risk, capital and shareholder value.
WEEKLY REVIEW
This week's economic, banking and P&C insurance news, from an enterprise risk management perspective. Featuring exclusive coverage of this week&#8217;s RIMS conference in Atlanta.
ANALYSIS
?	Who matters most - stakeholders or shareholders?
?	Risk managers neglect overseas operations at their peril.
?	Mobile banking is on the way - but will banks benefit from it?
BASLE RESOURCES
Now you can find all ERisk&#8217;s comprehensive coverage of the Basle II proposals on bank capital adequacy in one place: www.erisk.com/news/news_basle.asp. You&#8217;ll find all our recent coverage, including features, event transcripts, news stories, interviews and analysis along with links to other resources, regulatory summaries and rating agency and industry association responses.
BASLE SPECIAL
Continuing our special coverage of the proposed new regulatory capital rules, we look at Basle&#8217;s approach to operational risk. Rob Jameson explores the proposals to set a regulatory capital charge for op risk, and canvasses industry opinion on how they might work in practice.
VIEWPOINT
In this special Q&A, Ashish Dev of KeyBank talks to ERisk about what his bank has discovered so far from its internal testing on the impact of the new Basle proposals. It&#8217;s too early to say for sure, but many banks may not find much reason to improve their risk management practices. You can find out Dev's perspective on the Basle proposal in our iConference archive.
ERisk PRODUCT CATALOGUE
ERisk&#8217;s comprehensive Product Catalogue is a one-stop shop giving full details of the systems and services available to risk managers. From Algorithmics to Zai*Net, we list the major software vendors, data providers and consultancy firms; as well as details of where to find risk management magazines, research reports, web glossaries, training courses and certification programmes.
ERisk&#8217;s editorial team is always looking for opinions, article ideas or anything else you think our 18,000+ users would find interesting. We welcome your comments and suggestions
The ERisk Essentials is published every Friday by ERisk.com
To subscribe, please register on our website.
To unsubscribe, access your account. Your username is the email address where you received this message.
To be reminded of your password, or reset it:
Zimin Lu
05/07/2001 01:39 PM
Stinson,
Here is the 1 factor HJM model for curve simulation originally designed for
a Coal Plant valuation.
This techniques is useful for all kinds of curves, especially when we 
do not have the quality data to estimate other factors. (situations where
only volatility curve is availiable).
Let me know if you have any questions.
Zimin
Ron,
The resume of the Rice student I mentioned to you.
Vince
Dear Mr.Kaminski,
I have found the EnronOnline project a very interesting one and have enjoyed
working with everyone in the Research department as well as those from other
departments. I am keenly interested in this area and was wondering if there
would be any summer internship opportunities. I have attached my resume to
this mail for your review and look forward to hearing from you soon.
Thank you
IVY GHOSE
RICE MBA 2002
- resume.doc 
This is a resume of one guy I met in Houston a few months ago.
He comes across as a very bright and  qualified individual. He is interested in
a position in London. Who is the best person in London to forward the resume to?
Vince
Shirley 
Another letter for Chonawee.
Vince
Dear Vince--
Thanks for your reply. I'll look forward to your letter.
--Bob
"Kaminski, Vince J" wrote:
 Bob,