- fod5.mpg
pls print.  thanks. DF
Shelley Corman
04/12/2000 11:09 AM
Please read the attached memo regarding the significant shift in the 
Commission's policy.   The policy sets out new interconnection criteria, but 
announces that a pipeline may not deny an interconnection on economic grounds.
pls print.  thanks df
Janet Butler
04/12/2000 02:50 PM
Regulations Under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act Governing the 
Movement of Natural Gas on Facilities on the Outer Continental Shelf, RM99-5 
The final rule is attached - 84 pages 
Executive Summary
The Final Rule was issued April 10, 2000 and becomes effective 30 days after 
publication in the Federal Register.
The purpose of the final rule is to establish a data base as a foundation for 
identifying discrimination with OCS gas service providers.  The reporting 
will include affiliations and conditions of service.  This is a procedural 
rule - reporting only.  The rule only applies to gas pipelines - FERC found 
transportation for oil pipelines to be just and reasonable.  The Commission 
is acting in part as a response to the ruling in Sea Robin in which the court 
directed FERC to reconsider the manner in which it applied its primary 
function test to Sea Robin's predominantly offshore system 
NOPR was issued on June 30, 1999.  The Commission believes that the new OCSLA 
reporting requirements mirror certain existing NGA reporting requirements Salient points of the final rule are:
Exemptions
Service providers that confine their operations to moving their own gas or 
that of a single shipper are exempt from reporting; add new section 
330.0(a)(1) and (2)   Note:  reporting exemption turns on identity of service 
provider and its shippers - not type of service provided.
Gas service providers that are regulated by FERC under NGA are exempt from 
OCSLA reporting; add new section (330.3(a)(4)
Exempts lines that feed into a facility where gas is first collected, 
separated, dehydrated or processed from OCSLA reporting requirements; add new 
section 330.3(a)(3).
Reporting Requirements
If an NGA-regulated company's system includes OCS facilities that are not 
subject to NGA (gathering/production lines), the company must submit an OCSLA 
report covering its non-NGA facilities
Reclassified facilities will no longer be subject to NGA reporting 
requirements but will be subject to OCSLA requirements. (Shippers  no longer 
have protection against the exercise of market power afforded by the NGA Service provider must list all of its affiliates defined as engaged in the 
exploration, development, production, processing, transportation, marketing, 
consumption or sale of gas need be identified in the report; new section 
330.2(a)(6)
Reporting Updates restricted to four times per year Reports will be based on conditions on the first day of the first full 
calendar quarter that begins after the effective date of this rule; reports 
due on the first business day after the close of the quarter.  Providers will 
have more than one full quarter in which to prepare their initial OSCLA report
Providers will be required to submit a description of their operations as 
they stand on the first day of each calendar quarter, e.g. describing the 
provider's status on one particular day; report due on first business day of 
the subsequent quarter (e.g. filing due April 1 will describe operations as 
they stood on January 1).  If the operations are identical on the first and 
last days of any given quarter, provider need not submit an update the 
following quarter
Not necessary to file contracts but must provide table of shippers and 
services; new section 330.2(b)
Retaining requirement for alternative reporting for OCS companies who do not 
provide service under formal contracts, must provide information sufficient 
to derive rates charged and conditions applicable for service between two 
points; new section 330.2(b)(9)
OCSLA Reporting Form available via Internet    or the 
public reference room
Providers new to provisions have 90 days to prepare and submit OCSLA report 
(NOPR had stipulated 60 days).
Mike Moran has informed me that the FTC and U.S. DOJ, as part of their review 
of the El Paso-Coastal merger, have decided to take a close look at the 
merger's possible impact on competition in the Chicago-Wisconsin market.  In 
this regard, those agencies need to set up a conference call in the next two 
weeks to discuss that issue with experts on that market from Border and 
Northern.  This will not be an on-the-record deposition.  It will be a conf. 
call and what I expect to be an  informal question and answer session on what 
we know.   Representatives of the Wisconsin and Illinois Attorney General's 
office (or whatever agency it is in those states that deals with antitrust 
issues) will be on the phone as they are working with the Feds on the 
merger.  I think either one of you guys, with appropriate supervision, would 
do a fine job.  Please let me and Mike know who gets the black bean and what 
your general availability is and we'll get it set up.  Thanks. DF
Thanks Vig--this is very helpful as I've gotten a bit out of the loop over 
the last several weeks.   I don't know exactly what the reason was for 
striking this from our agenda for tomorrow, but it might be for the better 
since we can now schedule a prefiling devoted exclusively to this filing Lets talk next wk on where we stand with Hanover and where FERC's general 
policy on outsourcing is going.  That KN Wattenberg order is excellent for us 
on the jurisdictional issue, so maybe the longer we wait the better the law 
will get for us.  DF  
Donald Vignaroli   04/12/2000 04:14 PM
Notwithstanding the fact that the Monetization project may not be discussed 
at your meeting with FERC tomorrow, attached FYI and "just-in-case" is a memo 
summarizing the proposal.  (I'll drop hard copies off at your respective mail 
drops.)
Not yet--I'll try this wkend.  thanks. DF
Did you try this on your laptop?
Drew/Martha/Ann-- Please try this for me.   Any comments/suggestions are 
welcome!   Thanks, Jean
Forcing Names in your Personal Address Book
This message explains how to fix the "sending to the wrong Steve Harris" 
problem.   The only way after implementing this change to send to the Steve 
Harris/ECT name is by going directly to the ECT Address Book in Notes.  If 
you have any questions please call 
Thanks, Jean x7173
Add the correct Steve Harris (Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron)  to your Notes 
Personal Address Book (PAB).  See below for instructions on adding a Name to 
your PAB
Open your PAB and open the Steven Harris card, click on the "More Info" 
section
Find the line Full User Name:  Add "Steve Harris" (please note-Steven 
Harris/ET&S/Enron should already be there)
Click on the Save and Close button
Because Notes searches your Personal Address Book before Enron's Address Book 
all message regardless if you type Steven Harris or Steve Harris will be sent 
to Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron.
How to add a name to your Personal Address Book.
Go to the Notes  Workspace Screen and double click on the Enron's Address Book
On the left hand side make sure "People" is selected
Click on the Right had side and type "Harris" and select Steven 
Harris/ET&S/Enron
Click on the "Copy to Personal Address Book" bar, click on "okay" and "X" to 
close the Window.
I don't think the new policy helps us, but it would help an intrastate 
pipeline that wanted to interconnect with us.  DF 
04/14/2000 04:31 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
04/14/2000 04:31 PM
04/14/2000 04:31 PM
Lou, I will be in Omaha on Tuesday but I think I can be available to pow-wow 
at some point on Tue afternoon after a scheduled meeing in the Omaha office 
from 1 to 3.  I'm also available on Wed. morning from 
Omaha.................Tony
04/13/2000 05:01 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
04/13/2000 05:01 PM
04/13/2000 05:01 PM
I assume this does nothing for our intrastate situation 
we probably ought to circle back together sometime next week to see where we 
are.  Eric, Tony and I will be in a data room tomorrow.  I wander off to see 
the Navajos on Monday and will not be back until late morning Tuesday.
Since I'm going to spend a fun filled Wednesday and Thursday with our PG&E 
friends - What does Tuesday afternoon look like 
Jan - can you follow up with everyone??  thx
Please read the attached memo regarding the significant shift in the 
Commission's policy.   The policy sets out new interconnection criteria, but 
announces that a pipeline may not deny an interconnection on economic grounds.
OK?   DF
Christine Stokes
12/22/99 10:58 AM
TRANSWESTERN CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST 
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Red Cedar 
Gathering Company.  This one year contract is for 100,000 Dth/d of Ignacio to 
El Paso Blanco capacity.  Red Cedar will pay a one-part rate of $.02 based 
upon 70% of the contract's MDQ.  They will also pay a $.02 rate for the 
remaining 30% of the contract's MDQ  on a "as-use" basis.
Please provide approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  If any questions arise, 
please contact me at x35702.
I think I got my address book fixed and the Harris pro blem is solved 
forever.  Thanks!  DF
I think I am OK.  DF
Louis Soldano
04/17/2000 10:49 AM
Sent by: Jan Cobden
How does Friday look for scheduling this meeting?  Is anyone planning to be 
in the office?  If so, let me know what time will work for scheduling it.  If 
not, perhaps Monday?
Jan for Lou Soldano
I understand that you guys have retained Holland and Hart to give us another 
set of eyes on the Navajo issues.  For future reference, I have finally 
hooked up with the South Dakota firm I mentioned and was favorably impressed 
with their experience in similar matters.  Don Schultz and a couple of his 
partners have substantial litigation experience both for and against the S.D. 
tribes (Ogalla Sioux, etc.) on federal jurisdictional issues.  One of Don's 
partners is general counsel of the Rushmore Electric Cooperative in Western 
South Dakota and has had dealings with the tribes on right of way issues for 
years.   They have cleared conflicts, and are available  if we ever need a 
third opinion or if we get into a spat with the tribes elsewhere.  Sorry it 
took me so long to run this to ground.  Thanks. DF 
Corporate schizophrenia.  Weird.   DF
SoCal's protest is ludicrous. I will work on a response.
By the way, SoCal has actually been remarkably helpful in reaching agreement 
on a settlement -- which we just signed -- in the California GIR proceeding.
Tino called today to report on their meetings with DOE last week.  Tino, 
Dennis Langley, and their outside lawyer Jim Slattery met with Bill 
Richardson and DOE staff to discuss the "sole source" procurement approach to 
DOE's obtaining an alternative power supplier for Kirtland AFB and Sandia Tino reports that Richardson signed off on the sole source approach, subject 
only to DOE review of the final contract to assure its consistency with the 
public interest.  Tino believes that the combination of significant Native 
American involvement in the overall deal structure along with a power price 
that is lower than DOE's current PNM rates will satisfy the "public interest" 
standard 
Slattery is set to begin discussions with DOE next week on the overall 
structure of Dennis' proposal.  I am surprised that Dennis would go this far 
before hearing from us on the economics, but Tino made it sound like the 
initial discussions would be fairly general--i.e., to explain to DOE that the 
plan is to build a new pipeline and a new power plant and to do the whole 
thing in partnership with the Isleta Tribe, but without talking about 
specific economic issues.  Sounds to me like Dennis has Richardson on board 
but is nevertheless planning to pitch to the lower level DOE staff people 
what a great deal this is for the Tribes and therefore the government 
Tino, not surprisingly, is eager to see numbers and sit down to discuss 
them.  He suggested a meeting the first week of May in either Houston or KC I asked Tino whether he could get firmer numbers from DOE than we currently 
have on (1) total electric and gas load (current and projected) for the AFB 
and Sandia and (2) actual price DOE currently pays for gas and power.  He 
didn't think he could get better information before the first week in May 
On another related topic, through Shelley Corman's group  I got acquainted 
with a guy named Tim Beldon who runs the ENA transmission capacity book for 
the Western U.S., out of Portland.  I talked with him for a few minutes about 
power flows and pricing in the N.M-Arizona area and he seemed pretty 
knowledgable.  He has a transmission engineer on his team who is an expert in 
verifying utility claims of transmission constraints.  Apparently, ENA buys 
and sells a lot of power in the four corners area and is pretty familiar with 
the transmission availabilty and power pricing situation up there.  I didn't 
discuss with Tim the specifics of the project we are looking at, but did tell 
him that Kevin and Steve were looking at a potential power plant load and 
trying to figure out how serious it is.  Kevin, if you guys think Beldon 
could provide useful info on the cost and availability of firm and non-firm 
transmission for the surplus power out of Albequerque up to four corners, 
please give him a call.  It is OK to disclose to Beldon what we are working 
on, but please inform him that we are subject to a confidentiality agreement 
and that further disclosure is improper 
Please let me know whether a meeting with these guys the first week of May is 
doable.  Thanks.  DF 
I will be particularly interested in an update on the "Topock 
Decontamination" item on the agenda.  Give me a break.  DF 
04/18/2000 04:29 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
04/18/2000 04:29 PM
04/18/2000 04:29 PM
fyi.. i'll give you the details on friday 	
- twpcb33.doc
pls print with cover memo.  thanks. df
04/18/2000 05:42 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
04/18/2000 05:42 PM
04/18/2000 05:42 PM
Please see the attached 
Good job on the draft.  My comments are redlined on the attached doc.  Lets 
get it on file ASAPPDQ.  Thanks.  DF
Here it is.  Please let me know your comments today.  Thanks.
Drew Fossum
04/19/2000 09:45 PM
Here's a weird one.  Could we structure the Pueblo pipeline project with the 
following characteristics: 
1.  The lateral from TW's mainline to Albeq. is wholly TW owned (i.e., no 
joint venture with Langley);
2.  The lateral  is 100% debt financed (i.e., it is expected to cost about 
$20 million, which TW would borrow in a project financing, secured by the 
revenue stream under the firm contract for service on the new lateral);
3.  TW files for a 7(c) certificate, seeking an incremental rate for service 
on the new lateral;  Any service on the TW mainline will be subject to TW's 
existing rates;
4.  TW designs the max. incremental rate based on normal cap. structure, 
deprec., O&M, allocations, etc.
5.  TW has one contract for 40,000/day, for 10 years for service on the 
lateral;
6.   The rate for that one customer is a negotiated rate that is based on an 
alternative ratemaking study under which the customer pays enough $$ to cover 
debt service on the project financing, incremental deprec., O&M, A&G, etc No allocated costs or any other costs related to TW's preexisting facilities 
are included in the negotiated rate 7.  TW is entirely at risk for cost recovery, but the one contract covers all 
actual costs, except return and taxes on the new line. Basically, the one 
contract locks in a floor of break even cash flow.  If TW fails to lock up 
any additional customers there will never be any "taxable income" for the 
line since debt servicing costs and other expenses completely eat up the 
revenue under the one big contract.  Therefore, there will never be any 
return or taxes related to the new line, unless TW locks up additional 
contracts 8.  Any additional contracts TW locks up will generate TW's upside for the 
project. 
The question is can we do this?  Will FERC let us build it?  Will FERC let us 
oversize the pipeline significantly larger than the 40,000/day that the one 
big firm customer needs?   I'm sure I've left out important facts, so I'll 
try to grab you tomorrow to discuss 
The overall objective is to create the "leanest" possible initial cost 
structure for the pipeline, and therefore for the Langley power plant, 
consistent with TW being able to get the new pipeline built.  I.e., lets get 
the pipe built and help the power plant get to a cheap enough elec. rate that 
they can get their big contract with the govt.  and economically sell surplus 
off-peak power onto the grid.  Even if the new incremental rate for service 
on the lateral is a break even rate, TW's upside comes from incremental 
throughput from the Permian to the new lateral, at a rate of $___/MMBtu, and 
from any additional bypass load we can pick up from PNM (it looks like TW's 
rates off of the new line will beat PNM's industrial rates 
I appreciate your input on this.  DF 
I had an interesting conversation with Mark Courtney today, this time about 
something that doesn't cost us money.  He has gained a good bit of experience 
on transmission availability in NW New Mexico from the Gallup electric 
contract negotiation.  His take on transmission constraints is consistent 
with what Kevin and I had suspected:  Alb. is a load pocket and the 
prevailing flow is west to east into Alb.  Constraints only affect west to 
east flows and a generator in Alb. could always move power to four corners by 
displacement.  Courtney has worked with an ENA transmission guy named Steve 
Walton who apparently has more experience with the 230Kv transmission lines 
that had the problem that led to the recent blackouts in Alb.  If we are not 
talking to him already, he would be another guy worth talking to 
Per discussions with Susan Scott, I am on board with the original language 
routed on this contract.  DF 
Glad to help--concocting market based rates for storage facilities that 
probably don't deserve them is one of the few things I know how to do.  DF 
Shelley Corman
04/20/2000 12:32 PM
ENA is pursuing a gas storage project.  One assumption of their project 
development is the ability to attain market-based pricing for the facility Tom Shelton called  looking for a primer on how to apply for market-based 
rates.   I gave him the 10,000 ft story of how any regulated entity can apply 
for market-based rates under the Alternatives to Traditional Ratemaking 
policy statement, but that to date only storage facilities have been 
successful in willing market-based rate treatment.  I think his client is 
looking for more of a procedural look at what needs to be done.  Do you care 
if I send  them  a copy of the market-based storage testimony from the last 
NNG rate case?    Sorry, but I mentioned that you forged market based storage 
services for Market Hub Partners in your former life.  So, don't be surprised 
if you hear from Tom Shelton or his client John Allario.
I'd be happy to talk to either of you about NNG's experience or work I did in 
my former life for my old client Market Hub Partners on requests for market 
based rates for their Egan Louisiana, Moss Bluff, Texas and Tioga 
Pennsylvania projects.
Shelley Corman tells me that Drew Fossum (General Counsel of NNG) was 
primarily responsible for working up the part of NNG's rate case insofar as 
the (unsuccessful, I'm afraid) request for market based storage was 
concerned.  Shelley has graciously volunteered to talk to you about the 
general  background on the concept, and is sending you part of the NNG 
filings that dealt with the market based storage request.  Feel free to call 
her, and Drew might also be a valuable, if willing, resource.
Great--please let me know how it goes.  I'm out next wk but will check voice 
mails.  Also, why does my email down below say "Enron Energy Services?"  My 
computer has apparently transferred me to EES.  I need a vacation.  DF
Kevin Hyatt
04/20/2000 04:10 PM
Lorraine and I are meeting Steve Walton on Mon a.m.
Enron Energy Services
I had an interesting conversation with Mark Courtney today, this time about 
something that doesn't cost us money.  He has gained a good bit of experience 
on transmission availability in NW New Mexico from the Gallup electric 
contract negotiation.  His take on transmission constraints is consistent 
with what Kevin and I had suspected:  Alb. is a load pocket and the 
prevailing flow is west to east into Alb.  Constraints only affect west to 
east flows and a generator in Alb. could always move power to four corners by 
displacement.  Courtney has worked with an ENA transmission guy named Steve 
Walton who apparently has more experience with the 230Kv transmission lines 
that had the problem that led to the recent blackouts in Alb.  If we are not 
talking to him already, he would be another guy worth talking to 
pls print.  thanks df
- C.DTF
Mike, here are two draft sets of talking points covering Stan's initial phone 
call with Ted Davis to discuss whether a settlement meeting would be useful 
and the subsequent settlement meeting itself.  Please give me any comments 
you have and I'll send to Stan or have available to hand to him at our 
meeting, which I understand is scheduled for 9 am on Tuesday.  I'll  be 
calling in from Arizona.  Note there is at least one issue we ought to think 
about a bit more--whether to have Stan imply there may be other goodies 
available other than the Hobbs Line.  I'm inclined to avoid implying that, 
but to have Stan primed to pull out additional goodies if necessary.
I have not yet completed a bullet point outline of the settlement proposal 
for Stan to send to Davis after Stan and he meet.  As things currently stand 
it would basically be identical to the second sheet of talking points.   I 
would prefer to finalize that document after we meet with Stan, both to 
minimize the paper in front of him at the Tuesday meeting and to allow the 
Davis outline to be tailored to reflect the strategy we arrive at with Stan 
(I think I'm safe in assuming we will tinker with the strategy a bit on 
Tuesday morning).  If we do modify the strategy, I'll also modify the talking 
points 
Britt and Barrett, I wanted you to know the timetable in part because, if 
Stan decides to go forward,  we need to send Barrett's suggested letter to 
Jad verifying continued application of the settlement privilege to Stan and 
Ted's discussions.   I intend to call you after the Stan meeting to advise Just in case you don't hear from me by late morning Tuesday, please give Mike 
a call to confirm whether to send the letter.  I may have fallen into the 
Grand Canyon or been bitten by a hila monster.
pls print.  thanks df
Bob Stevens
04/21/2000 11:26 AM
Drew:  I've reviewed the nature of this deal with John and Dave.  Can you 
please review the legalese (its patterned after the 2/10 letters we sent.)  I 
need to send off today.  Thanks
I agree.  This is not a big enough dollar issue for them to make a huge 
stink, is it?  If it is, can't we match them stink for stink with all the 
imbalance penalties we have forgiven in the past?  DF
Based on the above, it seems that the decision to advise them we can't retier 
still stands.  Isn't there a way to give them the $30,000 of value in another 
manner which doesn't make us file for waiver? Alternatively, we have given up 
more than this in the past to resolve their errors, don't adjust?   We can 
still tell them we plan to address in our Order 637 filing-  MK
Lynn Blair                04/21/2000 10:07 AM
For PPA's in November, 1999, December, 1999, January, 2000 and February,
2000, the UCU issue of tiering is only with the November, 1999 PPA of
$30,475.61. All other PPA's are at Tier 1.
Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Lynn
Mike, I hadn't seen your email when we talked today.  I'm fine with whatever 
approach you want to take with the documents.  I'll call in for the meeting 
with Stan tomorrow.  I have the phone number.  Sorry we got cut off on the 
MOPS issue today.  I'm a little communication impaired up here, but I'll call 
on Wed. or Thur. on MOPS.  in the mean time, please grab whoever you need 
from my group to get the thinking underway on the new strategy.  Thanks.  DF 
Michael Moran
04/24/2000 01:22 PM
These look fine to me. My sense is that Stan will go over Northern's offer in 
the initial phone call with Ted Davis; therefore it may make sense to just 
combine the two for Stan's purpose but keep the 2nd one seperate as the basis 
for a document to fax to Davis after the phone call. 
Wow.  Pretty interesting info.  I'm trying to think of a "plan B" approach, 
but without ENA (and their turbines) I'm haviang a hard time coming up with 
one.  Steve, I'll talk to you in Tucson on this.  Thanks.  DF
Steven Harris
04/25/2000 09:19 AM
I spoke to Frank Vickers who is responsible for ENA's power generation 
projects for the Western half of the United States. We discussed the 
opportunities for a generation project in the Albuquerque region and he 
offered the following observations.
First, he indicated ENA has evaluated numerous projects in that area 
including participation in the Cobisa project. They always come to the same 
conclusion which is that the project economics become non-workable due power 
grid constraints and the inability to negotiate a long-term wheeling 
arrangement with PNM. He felt like the only reason Cobisa could go forward 
was due to PNM being the purchaser of power from the project. 
We talked about lower the delivered cost of gas to the facility through a 
"zero return" pipeline but in the end what the generation facility would have 
to compete with is power from and around Palo Verde. He is very familiar with 
the ENA model (in fact he could calculate various electric costs immediately 
just based on some parameters I mentioned to him over the phone). In the end, 
he felt like ENA would not want to participate because the risk of having to 
sell the excess power at a competitive rate was just too great given the cost 
to get it to a market.
We will continue to give the Pueblo project a final look by talking to 
Plains and Four Corners but without the baseload generation the pipeline 
prospects look pretty dismal 
???  could you give me a call and suggest what to do-- I don't remember that 
we ran any ads.  Thanks. DF
Mr. Fossum,
Just today I discovered that Enron NNG recently advertised an attorney job
vacancy in Omaha.  My wife and I are native "Omahans" and wish to return to
the area.  Out of hope that you have not yet filled the position, I am
attaching a cover letter and a resume for your consideration.
Thank you for any consideration you might extend me.
Wayne Weight
842 Chatsworth Drive
Accokeek, MD 20607-2033
Home:
wvweight@erols.com
301-292-6876
Work/FDIC:
wweight@fdic.gov
202-898-7238
- EnronCovLet.doc
- EnronRes4-25-00.doc
Thanks for the tip last night!  I called and ragged around my thieving ins. 
company this morning and they are going to cough up some serious insurance 
for me and Sandra at suuper-cheap pre XXX prices.  Cool.  My only concern at 
this point is that my over-insured status may create undesirable incentives 
for the little ladies in my life (the dreaded "worth more dead than alive 
syndrome"!)  Adios amigo!  DF
Looks good to me.  Thanks. DF
Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday a.m. if 
possible.
Tell me how much.  Thanks.  DF
Kathy Ringblom
05/02/2000 01:51 PM
Drew, David's printer croaked and I guess they don't have any spare ones 
sitting around so if we want him to have one, we have to order and pay for 
it.  He does quite a bit of printing and it ties up Ann's machine if he uses 
hers.  Is it ok to order him a printer?
Thanks for the memo.  Very informative, especially about the "whining of 
indeterrmined origin. . . "  You were' nt talking about a coworker were you Lets talk in the AM on this.  thanks. DF
OUTSTANDING!  I may use it word for word!  Thanks--I'll call him shortly and 
let you know how it goes.  DF
Jim Talcott
05/02/2000 02:27 PM
Hey, the day's slippping away and I remember how yesterday went.  (Remember 
Kimball?)  I have a meeting with MKM and FX from 3-5 on the May 9 meeting in 
KC, so here are my thoughts on the call to Foglar:
"Hey Murray, this is Drew.  We received the Chisos complaint and I thought 
I'd get ahold of you and see if there is any appetite at Duke to sit down and 
discuss resolving these issues in lieu of spending a lot of money on motions 
in Pecos County"   Grunt.  "I am curious whether the pleading is evidence 
that Duke/Chisos are not interested in resolving this outside the courts, or 
is it just a natural reaction to our letter;  a move to bring Northern to the 
table?"  Grunt.  "Is Chisos serious about litigating this?"  Grunt. "If 
Northern and Duke were to get together in the next 3 weeks, do you think it 
would make sense for Chisos to also attend?  Who do you think Duke would 
send?"  Grunt.  "Do you think Chisos would hold off on serving the petition 
pending discussions 
I can't think of much else to say/ask.   jrt
I'd like to get a tape to show to the law dept.  Thanks.  DF
Mike McGowan
05/02/2000 02:53 PM
As you are aware, next week we will hold employee meetings in  Houston and 
Omaha.   The focus of these meetings is to have Dave Neubauer and Steve 
Harris  give their commercial updates.  We intend to have both Dave and Steve 
give their presentations from last week's KeyEx customer meeting plus some 
updates as to current  revenue levels etc.
We do not intend to show the KeyEx videotapes at these  employee meetings However, we will make available to each of you, a copy of the  meeting 
videotape to share with your employees at satff meetings or to let them 
review it as time permits.
I will assume one copy is sufficient unless I hear otherwise.  Mike Nelson, I 
plan to get at least 4 copies for you unless you need more for  rotation 
throughout the field offices.
Please let me know!
Please call when you've reviewed this.  Thanks. DF
FYI
James Pfeffer@_DEVELOPMENT
05/03/2000 08:00 AM
The suction strainer was removed last night.  The piping spool was=20
reinstalled without the major compressor alignment problems that were=20
expected.  This significantly reduced the downtime necessary for the removal=20
of the suction strainer.
No major foreign materials were found in the strainer.  Some small weld beads=20
were found.  There were some signs that the strainer may have been vibrating.
Several compressor test runs were made early this AM to measure the vibration=20
levels without the suction strainer.  The high frequency vibration was=20
reduced to safe levels.  There is no longer any risk to the unit piping=20
integrity.
The compressor bearing vibration did not decrease due to the removal of the=20
strainer.  Rolls will continue to assess the collected vibration data to=20
determine the cause of the high drive end bearing vibration and construct a=20
game plan.
The station once again became available for service around 4 AM.  The=20
compressor may or may not be run dependent on need.  Gallup Ops and Gas=20
Control are in close contact.
The station will be manned if the compressor is running due to Gas Control=20
being unable to send remote setpoints to the station controller.  The problem=20
stems from OPTO-22 not supporting the particular Modbus function required to=20
send setpoints.  This is a =01+lack of functionality=01, in the new LCM4 version=20
controllers/software utilized on the Gallup Project. =20
EECC has been in contact with OPTO-22 to determine the time table for=20
resolving this problem.  EECC, TW Ops are working on a temporary fix to=20
enable Gas Control to send remote setpoints to Gallup.  Gas Control is=20
currently able to monitor data from Gallup.
Some instrumentation will be replaced today that failed due to the high=20
vibration over the fast few days.
Final tuning of the station control loops and surge control will be also be=20
conducted today.
James Pfeffer
More stuff on Gallup.  Thanks.DF
FYI
James Pfeffer@_DEVELOPMENT
05/02/2000 08:35 PM
The Rolls-Royce vibration engineer has reported that the compressor itself is 
not inducing the abnormal vibration levels on the drive end bearings.  The 
engineer did report that the vibration is high for a new compressor, but not 
harmful to the compressor for the short term.
It is Rolls engineer's opinion that the excessive bearing vibration is due to 
vibrations created by gas flow through the suction strainer.  Rolls will be 
reviewing the gathered vibration data over the next few days to provide any 
further feedback.
TW Ops, via independent tests, has determined that the amplitude of the 
vibration that is eminating from the suction strainer is at a level which 
can, over time, be detrimental to the mechanical integrity of the unit 
piping. 
EECC, TW Ops Mgmt, and the TW Ops Team have discussed the situation and have 
decided to temporarily take the unit out of service to pull the suction 
strainer.  The strainer will be inspected for foreign material or damage The strainer will not be replaced unless some foreign material is found.  It 
is hoped that the removal of the strainer will 'de-tune' the piping system.
EECC, TW Ops Mgmt, and the TW Ops Team all feel that the risk of running 
without the startup strainer is minimized since the unit has been running 
intermittently for the past few days and has accumulated some significant run 
time.  It is expected that  any foreign material in the suction piping should 
have already been caught in the strainer.  Secondly, the station was designed 
with a suction scrubber which will further protect the compressor.
It is expected that the unit will be unavailable until midnight May 4, while 
the startup strainer is removed.  Care must be taken during the 
reinstallation of the piping spool as to not affect the compressor alignment 
or apply stress to the compressor nozzles.
James Pfeffer
My buddy in DC found the NE Hub testimony and is fedxing it.  If you can get 
the egan hub testimony that would be great.  Thanks. DF
Thanks Lou--looks good.  Given the amount of $$ we've spent the last 2 years 
on this I hope we can hold them to this deal.  DF
05/03/2000 04:18 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
05/03/2000 04:18 PM
05/03/2000 04:18 PM
drew - fyi 05/03/2000 04:12 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
05/03/2000 04:12 PM
05/03/2000 04:12 PM
Mike - just a few suggestions - very nicely done!
pls print with cover memo--for me and maria.  thanks. DF
Attached is a brief overview of the proposed TW Pilot Program for 20/d of 
firm capacity using EnronOnline as the Internet Tool.  This is the 
information that Steve Harris has been working on.  Unfortunately, Steve 
Hotte and I have a conflict with the meeting you scheduled on Thursday May 4 
at 1:00.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Ricki Winters for Julia White
Since the 311 belt/suspenders approach didn't quite fit, I've had to try to 
convince Mr. Hertzberg that he ought to rely on the NGA Sec. 1 exemption for 
gatherers (Frank Kelly and Frazier concur with us on this, by the way).  He 
is not convinced yet, although he is unable to cite any authority for his 
proposition that being a shipper on TW would subject a gathering company to 
FERC jurisdiction.  I pointed out that Agave, the owner and operator of an 
extensive gathering system that interconnects with TW's system, has for many 
years been a shipper on TW.  Also, Lindy has found that Red Cedar already has 
a long-term transportation contract on another interstate system, 
Transcolorado, so if Hertzberg's theory is right they are going to jail 
anyway!
Red Cedar also seems to be hung up on our requirement that shippers have 
title to the gas they ship.  At this point Lorraine and I believe they might 
just be looking for any excuse to get out of the deal.  If anything 
interesting happens I'll let you know.
Outstanding!!  Its great to see that the organization recognizes real talent 
when it sees it!  DF 
FYI TO GPG
I am pleased to announce that Colleen Raker has been promoted to Assistant 
General Counsel effective April 1, 2000.  Colleen brings over 16 years of 
Enron experience to the position.  In her new role, Colleen will continue to 
provide legal support to all GPG companies in worker safety, pipeline safety, 
and general operations.  Please join me in congratulating Colleen on her 
promotion which is well earned.
Lou Soldano
"The Man" was actually planning to be in Omaha those days, but I'm overdue on 
a journey south so I'll try to put something together.  I'll have my people 
(i.e., me) call your people (i.e., you) soon.  DF
Mark Schroeder@ECT
05/04/2000 07:18 AM
the "man" will be in Houston, arriving 13th (Saturday) May, and leaving in 
the p.m. on Tuesday, 16 May.  Already booked for dinner on Sunday the 14th, 
but if business brings you to town (Drew) or keeps you in town (Frank) let's 
do a lunch.  Have your people call my people.   mcs 
OK.  DF
Kathy Ringblom
05/04/2000 09:00 AM
Between $600 and $700.
I'll defer to your more expert addressees on this one.  Thanks.  DF
LEE HUBER
05/04/2000 01:53 PM
Sent by: Denise LaGesse
Attached is a copy of the above-referenced promissory note.  Please review 
and provide me with any comments or changes.
Rod - Does Transwestern need a board resolution approving this transaction If so, I will prepare one.
Lee
Great letter.  I'd even suggest that you have the Weird Herald folks out for 
a tour, but well-intentioned ideas like that always backfire with the media DF
Attached is a letter Larry DeRoin and I sent to the Omaha World-Herald in 
response to Tuesday's Mike Kelley column rehashing the Enron move from 
Omaha.  We think it is important to make sure the World-Herald recognizes 
that we are still here.
We don't know if it will be printed, but it felt good to write it.
So Haskell is trying to play good guy with us on Kansas Ad Valorem while he's 
trashing us at FEEBLE.  ENA is not one of the "largest single shippers" on 
Northern, at least in the market area.  They did that big negotiated rate 
deal with us, however for 300,000Dth, so I expect that is what Haskell is 
talking about.  They may in fact be the single biggest firm customer among 
the producer/marketer segment.  MKM and I ought to whup up on him down in KC 
next week on this issue.
I did not attend today's FEBA conference, but Sarah Novosell brought to my 
attention a presentation by Mark Haskell, where he complains about marketing 
affiliate abuse in the gas industry.  He specifically references ENA as "one 
of the largest single shippers on its affiliate Northern Natural Gas 
Company".  I thought that was not so.  I am faxing you the presentation.
I heard a great report the other day from David Hill that you guys made it 
through the Oriskany without any interesting pyrotechnics!  What a 
disappointment that must have been for Karol Lynn and CNG!  Sounds like a 
pretty boring operation up there, otherwise I might be tempted to drop by and 
see the show.  Also heard that the knuckleheads from Bath got thrown out of 
court on their antitrust suit.  Shit, all you needed to do all along was get 
rid of me and things started falling into place 
Best wishes for continued success--and Siguaw, stay the hell out of trouble AMFDJF 
I heard that NE Hub made it through the Oriskany without blowing anything 
up.  Siggy must have been so pleased, and Penn Fuel and CNG so disappointed Hey, I'm gonna be down the week of May 30-June 3 and would like to get 
together with you guys.  What's going on that week?  Would there be any 
reason, say, to bring golf clubs?  I hear that my much ballyhooed former law 
partner David Hill might be down in Houston the same time and I need to have 
a few beers on his expense account as well.  Pat, I don't think you've met 
this guy but you need to, if for no other reason because he buys beers.   DF 
I am troubled by your report.  Perhaps we need to threaten to revoke the 
anmesty and impose sanctions for noncompliance?  Or deputize someone mean to 
search file cabinets?  In all seriousness, would all of you please remind 
your troops of the importance of this effort, as I will with my folks.  Rick, 
thanks for the hard work  and perseverance on this.  DF
Rick Dietz
05/05/2000 01:49 PM
Honestly,  Drew Fossum told me "If you build it, they will come".
Well, the ET&S Contract Administration Group has successfully reconfigured 
the contract file room in Houston to house any and all ET&S agreements in a 
secured environment.  But frankly, we are disappointed in the response that 
we have received to date.  We have only received a few documents from the 
Minneapolis Area Office and from Market Services in Houston.  Hopefully, the 
memo that I sent to you on April 7th was forwarded to your direct reports 
with instructions on providing any originals or copies of agreements created 
outside the CMS/CBS systems to the Contract Administration Group in Houston If you would like me to forward this memo to you again, please let me know.
We have established contacts for all locations across ET&S to receive and log 
any originals or copies of agreements/documents given to them by department 
employees before forwarding them to the Contract Administration Group in 
Houston.  The contacts, who have already been notified of their role in this 
process, are:
Department   Contact
Marketing (Omaha)  Laura Lantefield
Marketing (Omaha)  Joni Bollinger
Marketing (Omaha)  Janet Bowers
Marketing (Mpls.)  Lisa Valley
Marketing (Field)  Craig Buehler
Legal    Martha Benner
Regulatory   Barb Bischoff
Operations   Judy Kudym/Mike Nelson
Market Services (Houston) Patricia Steele
If you have not already done so, please forward the April 7th memo (or this 
memo) to your staff showing your support for this project.  If you have any 
questions, please contact me at extension 35691 or Pat Steele at extension 
37712 .
Rick
Outstanding.  I'll  bring em and I'll call you guys in a week or so to get 
the details nailed down.  Did you know that Bienawski (sp?), the Sofregaz 
guy, is at Enron?  He's got a storage development group or some damn thing I'm going to look him up and see what the heck he thinks he's doing.  DF  
Yea, but what are they going to do with all that salt!  Merrilee's ditching
us that week, so I'll be in Houston.  Any day would work for me and yes -
bring the sticks.  We've got a new greg norman course out on Katy.
Re:  ENA El Paso deal.  The trade press is having a heyday with the 
"anticompetitive" angle.  Lets talk.  DF
Enron-El Paso Deal Could Mute Competition to CA
Fearing an end to pipeline competition in California, the state's 
regulators and Indicated
Shippers have called on FERC to summarily reject the three 
transportation agreements by
Approval of these agreements would give Enron Corp., parent of 
Transwestern Pipeline
But "what's even worse," he told NGI, is the revenue-sharing provision 
in the contracts. It
stipulates that "after Enron makes $35 million off of these contracts, 
it has to share the
proceeds with El Paso for 25% of anything beyond $35 million. So 
effectively, Enron and
El Paso have become partners in how high they can jack up the 
transportation rate
differential between the California border and the Southwest producing 
basins 
The two pipeline companies "that have for decades competed with each 
other in carrying
Southwest supplies to California are now partners. We think that's 
anticompetitive, and
there's no way FERC should approve it," Morris said. He recalled the 
basis differential
between the San Juan Basin spot price and the California border shot up 
by 17% during
1998, the first year during which Dynegy controlled the El Paso capacity 
into California.
This situation could worsen under Enron, he believes. 
"At first blush the El Paso-Enron contracts [do] not appear to contain 
the same
anticompetitive features of the El Paso-Dynegy contracts," Indicated 
Shippers noted, but
a "closer review and analysis" reveals the anticompetitive effects of 
the revenue-sharing
provision (RSP) in El Paso-Enron contracts "are not only similar" to 
those of the hotly
contested reservation-reduction mechanism (RRM) in the El Paso-Dynegy 
case, "but are
increased......due to the fact that the contracts are with a marketing 
affiliate of El Paso's
primary interstate pipeline competitor," Transwestern. 
Both the RRM and RSP "operate to provide a disincentive for El Paso and 
its competitors
to compete against each other, or to take any other action that will act 
to drive down the
basis differential that defines the market value of the capacity Indicated Shippers told
FERC in a protest filed on Wednesday [RP97-287-041]. The group includes 
producers
Amoco Production, Burlington Resources Oil and Gas, Marathon Oil, and 
Phillips
Petroleum, and two marketers - Amoco Energy Trading and Phillips Gas 
Marketing. 
FERC "should reject the tariff filing immediately. The Commission erred 
in allowing the
El Paso-Dynegy contracts to remain intact for their two-year term after 
finding that the
contracts were anticompetitive. This issue is pending in the [D.C. Court 
of Appeals].
That same error should not be repeated here," the producers and 
marketers said. 
The CPUC's attempt to block the Enron-El Paso contracts at the outset is 
a little bit
unusual for the agency, Morris said, but it learned its lesson following 
Dynegy. "When the
Dynegy situation first hit, we asked for FERC to investigate the matter. 
We thought
FERC did a very inadequate job then.....This time around we're asking 
for FERC to
summarily reject it. It's hard for an agency like ours to take such a 
strong stand right at
the beginning, but we've learned too much from two years of suffering 
under the Dynegy
situation. And this is even worse 
In the event the Commission should reject California's request, the CPUC 
has asked that
an "anti-hoarding condition" be included in the contracts, which would 
require Enron to
release unused capacity into the short-term market at a price higher 
than what it's paying
El Paso for the capacity. "They must make a little profit," Morris 
noted. "We're confident
Enron can't use the entire 1.2 Bcf/d of capacity.....so there's going to 
be unused
capacity 
The agency also wants FERC to clarify that the primary delivery point 
for the Block II
portion of the capacity (579MMcf/d) is PG&E-Topock in keeping with the 
terms of the
1996 settlement between El Paso and its customers. Morris said he agreed 
fully with
Amoco, Burlington Resources and Southern California Gas (SoCalGas which accused
El Paso of violating the 1996 agreement by allowing Dynegy to use 
SoCalGas-Topock as
a primary delivery point for the Block II capacity last summer. They 
contend the alleged
violation is included in the Enron contracts. 
He also noted the CPUC will challenge the ability of Enron to call back 
Block II capacity
after it already had been recalled by El Paso shippers to serve Pacific 
Gas and Electric
(PG&E) customers in northern California. Last July, FERC granted Dynegy 
the right to
do this under its contracts with El Paso. But Morris contends the 
decision violates the
1996 settlement under which PG&E paid $54 million to preserve the right 
of the pipeline's
shippers to recall the Block II capacity to serve end-users in its 
service territory. 
The CPUC also intends to challenge the Commission's decision that would 
enable Enron
to "just sit on the capacity," thereby withholding idle Block II 
capacity from the market.
Indicated Shippers also contend the Enron contracts violate the Block II 
capacity
provisions of the 1996 rate case, as well as "exacerbate" the primary 
firm delivery point
capacity-allocation issues that are pending before FERC now. 
The CPUC accused El Paso of "deliberately" filing the Enron contracts at 
FERC just
before the holidays to avoid controversy. The pipeline "is trying to 
sneak one of the most
controversial things ever past FERC right before Christmas so that 
protests would be
minimized," said Morris. "They did this with the Dynegy contracts two 
years ago. They
have a pattern of filing right at the last minute, making it harder for 
people to protest and
harder for FERC to stop it from going into effect 
news report may not
be republished or redistributed, in whole or in part, in any form, without 
prior written consent
of Intelligence Press, Inc.
No way!  Joining up with Russell???  That's interesting, I thought he had 
"hung 'em up" as they say.  I want the full scoop.  DF
Did you know XA and Clark are gone on Friday?  Going out with Russell and
Gatewood to start a new development company.  Didn't need Cook and I. Pure
devco-money promote.  More details when we visit in a few weeks.
Following is one of the documents I got on Friday.  the other will follow 
shortly.  I think Maria forwarded this already, but you ought to make sure 
she got it. Thanks. DF
Shelley Corman
05/05/2000 11:31 AM
here'[s the second installment.  Thanks DF
Shelley Corman
05/05/2000 04:17 PM
FYI.  Attached is a copy of the Project Why status presentation that will be 
made next week at Stan's May 9 staff meeting.  The purpose of the 
presentation was to present a list of brainstorming ideas from an Apr. 16 
offsite session to GPG management & get some preliminary feedback on the 
kinds of ideas they would like to see proceed.  It was never meant to be a 
definitive plan for implementing those ideas.  I always envisioned the 
individual commercial groups picking up on which ideas they liked and wanted 
to implement & developing their own detailed plans for implementing Shelley Corman
05/05/2000 04:10 PM
Attached is a current draft of the Project Why Presentation 
The first set of slides includes the overview, an explanation that the 
presentation focueses in on only a few of the ideas, the electronic 
contracting presentation, the team 2 real time invoice vision, and team 3's 
auction thoughts.
Next in the package would be team 3's knowledge call center concept
Last but not least would be the Team 4 Internet/Intranet concept
Pls print up a full copy for Mike and I.  Thanks DF
Shelley Corman
05/05/2000 04:17 PM
FYI.  Attached is a copy of the Project Why status presentation that will be 
made next week at Stan's May 9 staff meeting.  The purpose of the 
presentation was to present a list of brainstorming ideas from an Apr. 16 
offsite session to GPG management & get some preliminary feedback on the 
kinds of ideas they would like to see proceed.  It was never meant to be a 
definitive plan for implementing those ideas.  I always envisioned the 
individual commercial groups picking up on which ideas they liked and wanted 
to implement & developing their own detailed plans for implementing Shelley Corman
05/05/2000 04:10 PM
Attached is a current draft of the Project Why Presentation 
The first set of slides includes the overview, an explanation that the 
presentation focueses in on only a few of the ideas, the electronic 
contracting presentation, the team 2 real time invoice vision, and team 3's 
auction thoughts.
Next in the package would be team 3's knowledge call center concept
Last but not least would be the Team 4 Internet/Intranet concept
I'd like you to be involved in this from the legal side.  Shelley, please 
keep Lee in the loop on this matter Gracias.  DF
Shelley Corman
05/07/2000 10:08 PM
Michele Winckowski, Keith Petersen, James Harvey & I met last week to discuss 
compliance with Order 639, the new OCS reporting requirements.  NNG has 5 
NGA-exempt facilities that are subject to the new reporting rules and will 
therefore be subject to Section 330.2.  While these facilities are NGA-exempt 
gathering, they continue to be included in NNG's transmission rates for rate 
purposes and remain eligible points for TI agreements and alternate firm While these points are currently listed as available points and on the 
all-points exhibits of TI agreements, these points are not currently being 
used.  Michele and Keith have voiced concerns about having to perform 
separate OCS reports for these facilities.
Section 330.2(a) requires a report that includes maps and a list of 
affiliates.   Section 330.2(b) requires a description of transactions contract number, receipt/delivery point, rates etc 
We discussed two possible compliance strategies.  First, NNG could seek a 
waiver, asking that since the facilities remain in transmission rates and 
valid points on jurisdictional contracts, NNG asks that it be allowed to 
include these points in its NGA reports.   Alternatively, NNG could file the 
maps and list of affiliates, but with regard to transactions, simply file a 
statement that these points, while listed as valid on all TI and FT 
agreements have not been used in some time 
I have read and re-read Order 639 to understand the date an initial report 
would be due.   The rule sets out some of the most confusing effective date 
language that I have ever read. Generally, reports are due on the 1st of each 
quarter regarding the status of transactions on the first day of the previous 
quarter.  On Page 47, the Commission purports to give more time for the 
initial submissions.  Initial reports will be "based on conditions on the 
first day of the full calendar quarter that begins after the effective date 
of thise rule, with initial reports due on the first business day after close 
of the quarter."  What I make of this is that NNG's first report would be due 
October 1, 2000 (based on the quarter commencing July 1).
We may want to considering seeking a waiver on or before July 1 (i.e. before 
the reporting period commences 
Sorry--I'm not able to do it Monday afternoon.  Would breakfast on Tuesday be 
a viable alternative for Mark?  DF
Sandra Evans @ ECT on 05/08/2000 12:18:16 PM
Hello - please can the lunch with Frank and Mark be on the Monday 15th may  
-   12.30 to 1.30
Please can you confirm this time
Many thanks - Sandra
pls print for Mike and Me.  thanks (Maria probably needs one to)  df
Shelley Corman
05/08/2000 12:58 PM
Attached is the revised draft of the presentation for Stan's 1/2 day staff 
meeting tomorrow.
Roger that--lid on.  I'm in KC today.  What a lovely city.  I can see why you 
guys decided not to move.  DF
Yes way.  Going after one final (big) - El Paso - type promote.  Its a good
story that should hang together.  Note however,  their departure has not
formally been announced internal or external yet.  Please keep a lid on for
a week or two.  Thanks.
Great--please sign me up!  Martha--I think my schedule is OK.  Please let me 
know if I need to move anything.  Thanks.  DF
The May ET&S Operations Field Trip is scheduled for May 24 at Gallup, New 
Mexico.   Mike Nelson, Bill Cordes and Steve Harris will be traveling to 
Gallup that morning, and returning later the same day.
On behalf of Mike, I am inviting you to accompany them on this trip.    The 
day's agenda will include an employee meeting, lunch and an opportunity to 
see the new Gallup Compressor Station.
Let me know if you are interested 
Judy   (x7601)
The whole thing also bugs me on an intuitive level, but I'm not sure it is a 
legal conflict of interest.  The Northern cases he is involved in are not 
really  "GISB matters."  There are certainly issues like the 637 compliance 
issue that involve GISB standards, however.  GISB is a freestanding entitity 
and his representation does not equate to representation of Enron so he could 
claim that his only client interest to worry about is GISB itself.  As long 
as he does not take positions in Northern cases that are inconsistent with 
what GISB wants, he's technically OK.  I suspect he'd argue that his work in 
the Northern docket is completely consistent with GISB's objective of 
achieving world domination.  This was my from the hip analysis when Jay first 
showed up in our cases, so I may have missed something.  For example, I'm not 
really clear on GISB's structure.  Can we argue that it is not a real stand 
alone entity but rather  a "front" for a cooperative group of companies that 
includes Enron?  If so, we might have a real conflict.  Thanks. DF
Shelley Corman
05/09/2000 09:12 AM
I was impressed that NDG filed revised comments in RM98-10 correcting their 
earlier mis-statements that GISB had ratified imbalance netting and trading 
standards.  The revised 2 page NDG filing states that GISB has not yet 
ratified the standards.
Then I noticed who signed the pleading -- Jay Costan.  I guess he ought to 
know, as he is GISB general counsel!
Does anyone else find this to be a conflict of interest for him to be GISB 
general counsel & then be counsel of a customer taking a position against a 
pipeline in a GISB matter.  I like Jay a lot, but I'm thinking of clarifying 
our understanding of his outside representation while he is GISB general 
counsel.
Thanks for the opportunity.  I'm V.P. and General Counsel of Enron 
Transportation and Storage, and its operating companies, Northern Natural Gas 
Co. and Transwestern Pipeline Co.  I'm stationed in Omaha, Nebraska.  I 
practiced law in D.C. for 12 years before FERC and other state and federal 
regulatory agencies and the courts.  As for objectives, I'd like to see the 
group facilitate dialogue and work toward consistency on regulatory strategy, 
as well as serve as a forum for sharing practical "best practices" experience 
Enron people have gained around the world.  I look forward to meeting you DF  
Harry Kingerski@EES
01/04/2000 09:25 AM
Drew - I talked to Mike Moran this morning and he suggested you for 
participation in this corporate working group (see below).  Very glad to have 
you.  Other group members are from  various parts of Public Affairs, both 
U.S. and International.  Mike also said you may want to have Maria Pavlou 
participate, which I leave up to you.  The perspective from the pipeline 
group will be a great addition to our effort.
Please see the note below and respond at your earliest convenience.  Thanks 
very much.
Harry Kingerski
12/29/99 11:20 AM
Sent by: Judy Pearson
One of Steve Kean's newly formed Working Groups is for "Rates & Tariffs".  I 
have been asked to lead this group.  For those of you who don't know me, I am 
in Houston in the U.S./Canada Government Affairs group, in a section called 
"Rates/Regulatory Services."  Our working group will have about a dozen or so 
people from various parts of Public Affairs.  You have been 
selected/volunteered to participate in this effort by your group leaders 
The Working Group members are:
Ray Alvarez
Sergio Assad
Roy Boston
Mike Grimes
Kyran Hanks
Rita Hartfield
Nancy Hetrick
Tom Hoatson
Paul Kaufman
Valeria Lima
Bob Neustaedter
Having this group will give us a great opportunity to identify needs related 
to rate and tariff issues across many business lines and countries, share 
resources, problems and solutions, and generally improve the cohesiveness of 
Steve's organization   One of our first tasks will be to think through and 
concretely specify what we expect to accomplish as a group.   We do not have 
a specific product mandate per se - it will be up to us to figure it out and 
deliver it.   Some possibilities are - identifying rates and tariffs policy 
positions, developing policies where none now exist, but are needed, 
identifying rates and tariff resources available to the group, and acquiring 
resources needed by the group. 
As a preliminary matter, could you e-mail me your group name, position, 
location, phone, e-mail address, and "area of expertise".  We will assemble 
this information in a roster to be distributed to the group.
Early in January, we will be in touch to check availability and schedule an 
initial meeting.  Please be as flexible as possible.  In some cases, we are 
many time zones apart and it will be difficult to match everyone's desired 
time. 
As a second preliminary matter, please give some thought to and e-mail me 
what you think a group like this should accomplish.  Remember, the roster 
above has some of the world's leading authorities on rates and tariffs!   We 
will compile both the complete roster and your ideas on group goals and 
distribute them to everybody prior to our first actual meeting.   At that 
first meeting, we will talk through expectations of us and of each other, and 
the proposed goals Please have your inputs to me by January 7.  I look forward to working with 
you 
pls put on my calendar.  thanks.df
TOPIC(S): Flex Services
DATE: Tuesday, May 23
LOCATION: Rm 646 (Library)/we will call Steve in his office X5659
TIME: 1:00-4:00 pm
For questions, please call John X7440.
What a tangled mess.  please call and splain what's going on here.  Thanks. DF
Please note that if TW eventually decides to file for a tariff change to 
allow cash in lieu of in-kind fuel retention that Rod would like to see our 
proposed accounting methodology included in the filing Rod Hayslett
05/10/2000 10:25 AM
If FERC is going to tell us the accounting or specifically approve our 
proposed accounting then I have no issues.     I do not want to have a tariff 
change with our interpretation of accounting requirements for it, without 
that specific approval.   So I guess we need to specifically ask for approval 
of the accounting.
See responses below.
Rod Hayslett
05/10/2000 06:38 AM
Some simple questions?
As I indicated this morning, it's not that I "want" to classify these credits 
as revenues in order to achieve any commercial, regulatory, overhead 
allocation or tax objectives, but if all other factors are considered equal 
believe that revenue treatment is the most appropriate decision from  both 
GAAP and FERC USofA standpoints 
FERC USofA
In the "Shipper Supplied Gas" section of Order 581 the Commission concluded 
that "it is not appropriate to mandate revenue recognition for gas provided 
by shippers for compressor fuel and other pipeline system use and used to 
provide transportation services.  Instead, each pipeline will have the 
discretion to determine whether it will recognize revenue for these 
transactions in its accounting records...Pipelines electing to recognize 
shipper provided gas as revenue must also recognize an equal amount of 
purchased gas expense.  Pipelines would credit the appropriate transportation 
revenue account (Accounts 489.1 through 489.4) and record an equal amount in 
Account 805, Other Gas Purchases."    We have chosen not to recognize 
revenue, but we do want to track our transactions, so we debit and credit 
different subaccounts of acct 805.  The over-retained volumes on TW are 
debited to acct 805 and credited to acct 495 Other Revenues (also in 
accordance with Order 581. However, for internal reporting we map the 495 
credit to cost of transport (expense).    Sounds reasonable to me.    Will 
you be able to continue that in SAP? Yes.  We'll be using statistical orders 
in lieu of subaccounts.
While the Commission agreed that pipelines would not be required to recognize 
shipper provided gas on its books, it did require those who chose to do so to 
record it as transportation revenue, not as a credit to fuel or gas purchase 
expense.
GAAP
Revenues.  Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No. 6 defines revenues 
as inflows or other enhancements of assets of an entity or settlements of its 
liabilities (or a combination of both) from delivering or purchasing goods, 
rendering services, or other activities that constitute the entity's ongoing 
major or central operations.
In the TW proposal the cash inflows are the result of a fuel charge factor in 
the transportation tariff.  TW's ongoing major or central operation is the 
rendering of natural gas transportation services to shippers pursuant to its 
tariff.  Therefore  the credits resulting from the assessment of the fuel 
charge constitute transportation revenues.    I don't think there is a 
limitation with respect to cash received in lieu of gas.  When gas is 
retained we can debit and credit 805 and it's a wash.  When we receive cash 
we have to charge a balance sheet account (Cash) and credit an income 
statement account.  We can't opt out of recording an earnings creating 
transaction.   What is the argument that this cash does not just take the 
place of Gas you would have received and should track the normal accounting 
for gas?  The cash alone cannot take the place of a retained volume; the cash 
together with a gas purchase is the volumetric equivalent of a volume 
retained.   Under this proposal we would charge gas purchase expense when the 
cash is used to buy gas that would replace the volumes not retained in 
kind.   I am concerned that what you are proposing may not work as well after 
the next rate case (since I don't believe it likely we will be allowed to 
continue to collect the windfall) and we may be setting ourselves up for 
restatements.    But I guess it really won't matter, because whatever we do 
FERC will have specifically ordered us to account for it that way, isn't that 
right?  There is nothing about our current or proposed accounting that would 
have to be changed as the result of a future rate case that changes the 
volumetric retention factors.  However, if a tracker is imposed, then we 
would have additional entries to make, similar to those we now make on NNG In any event, the  imbalance cashout  approach described below  would result 
in the recording of fuel retention entries  (debit and credit account 805 exactly the same as we now record for volumes  retained.  It would merely 
result in the additional entry to resolve the imbalance by debiting cash and 
crediting the imbalance receivable from the shipper 
Expenses.  Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts No. 5 speaks to the 
recognition of expenses and losses:  "Further guidance for recognition of 
expenses and losses is intended to recognize consumption (using up) of 
economic benefits...during a period.  Expenses...are generally recognized 
when an entity's economic benefits are used up in delivering or producing 
goods, rendering service, or other activities that constitute its ongoing 
major or central operations 
In the TW proposal natural gas volumes are consumed in the operation of 
compressor engines to render natural gas transportation service to 
shippers...the ongoing major or central operation of the company.  Receiving 
cash from shippers in accordance with the Tariff's fuel charge does not 
reduce the consumption of natural gas volumes in rendering transportation 
service, Instead it provides economic assets (cash) to the company to pay for 
the gas volumes that have to be acquired to run the compressors.  Therefore 
the proceeds from the fuel charge represent transportation revenues for the 
company, not a fuel or gas purchase expense reduction.     I recently 
changes to allow shippers to pay cash for fuel use rather than to provide 
in-kind volumes, FERC looks at the situation as being analogous to cashing 
out an imbalance, where the imbalance was created by the shipper not 
delivering the fuel retention volumes.  If we followed FERC's lead here we 
would record the fuel retention entries with a debit and credit to Account 
805, then credit the cash receipt from the shipper as a reduction of its 
imbalance.  Any gain or loss on the cash-out would be credited to Acct 495 
(gain) or charged to Acct 813 (loss), just like any other gain or loss on 
resolution of an imbalance 
I think the cashout approach will probably meet the objective of not bloating 
reported margins...at least if the tariff language is consistent with this 
concept.  If you prefer this cashout approach to my original proposal to 
record fee revenue, then I will go ahead and re-draft the accounting memo 
along those lines.  Any final determination of the appropriate accounting, 
though, would have to be made after the language in the tariff revision is 
finalized. However, if the cashout approach is your preference, then I expect 
that we could work with Rates to make sure that the tariff language doesn't 
conflict with the cashout approach.
Shall I re-draft and recirculate the memo using the cashout approach 
Rod Hayslett
05/08/2000 06:32 AM
I guess I'd like to understand the reason for wanting to call them 
revenue 
I don't disagree that there are frequently numerous ways to account for 
things--and some ways are better than others for tax, regulatory, financing 
and other purposes.  From an historical perspective before Order 636 we 
didn't seem to have any difficulty recording the proceeds from the PGA 
tracker portion of the tariff as transportation revenue.  Under the proposed 
circumstances, we are charging a fee based on average fuel retention 
percentages that are set somewhat higher than actual consumption and there is 
no requirement for a true-up.  In this circumstance, even though we may call 
it a fuel reimbursement factor, it seems to be more characteristic of revenue 
than expense credit 
That having been said, if it's deemed to be advantageous to the company to 
account for these cash proceeds as an expense credit, I could support 
crediting the proceeds to a/c 805 similar to our accounting for volumetric 
fuel retention.  If that's the path you'd like us to follow, I'll amend the 
draft memo accordingly.  Please confirm.
Rod Hayslett
05/05/2000 06:58 AM
My first blush problems are 2.     1) This is really reimbursement for an 
item that is designated an expense - compressor fuel and so I don't know why 
you want to show it as revenue.     2)   Having a stat order will not help 
the income statement presentation of revenues, a lower percentage of costs 
being recovered from demand charges, a major factor if we decide to make TW 
really stand on its own.
What is the reason for wanting to bloat the revenue in the income 
statement?     Explain the logic for showing a revenue item for the contra of 
an item that has been determined to be an expense  
If we go with the transport revenue approach, we would for sure set up a 
separate SAP statistical order to accumulate the fuel reimbursement fee 
separately from the other revenue components.  If you think this approach is 
distortive from a reporting trend perspective, we could classify these 
revenues as "other gas revenues" on our GAAP statements--similar to the way 
we've classified excess fuel retention revenue in TW's 1999 GAAP statements 
Rod Hayslett
05/04/2000 02:41 PM
I would think at a minimum we would like to have some kind of a tracking 
account (nojn-FERC)  for accounting purposes to be able to tell the earnigs 
impact of the transactions.      I have a problem with recording the revenue 
in a plain transportation revenue account since it will skew the percentage 
of transport revenues collected from demand charges  which is an important 
piece for the financial world.   Ultimately I guess FERC will tell us how to 
account for it.
From what we have so far been able to learn about the referenced proposal, 
and after discussions with Dan Fancler, I prepared the attached draft of an 
accounting memorandum for your consideration 
Please advise if you have additional facts or ideas to be considered.
By copy of this memo I'm asking Jerry Moore for excise tax advice as to 
whether TW would risk incurring excise tax if we record gas sales to the 
shippers and then retain the volumes for fuel.
Shoot.  Due to a conflict on Monday, I'm now scheduled to arrive in Houston 
on Tuesday at 10 am.  I return to Omaha at 8 PM  on Wednesday.  If there is 
anything on Mark's schedule consistent with those constraints, please let me 
know.  Thanks. DF
Sandra Evans @ ECT on 05/11/2000 11:59:17 AM
Mark has asked me to email you, to find out a suitable time to meet him.
He is pretty booked up for both days, but asked, either 05/15/00 for dinner, 
or early 05/16/00 for breakfast.
Can you let myself, or Sandra (who will be back tomorrow) know so that we can 
schedule it for him.
Thank you
Sharna 
cool.  Thanks. DF
Jim Talcott
05/11/2000 10:55 AM
FYI. jrt
fyi
I met with Ray and Polly Pettingill last night and we made a decision on the 
scoreboard.  A 27' model made by the Fair-Play company.  The quote is 
$12,360.00 delivered and it has all the options they need.  If we buy it 
there is 7% tax, if we donate the money to the school there is no tax. The 
only item preventing us from placing the order is how to word the memorial Polly is going to visit with the kids and get their thoughts.  Also the 
Pettingill's have asked for discussion at Monday nights school board meeting 
on a proposal to name the football field Dan Reedy Field.  If this goes 
through the memorial panel may say " Welcome To Dan Reedy Memorial Field As soon as they make this decision we'll finalize the art work which takes 
about a week then 4-5 additional weeks for delivery.
The athletic director is not a real fireball, so Ray is working directly 
with the school superintendent.  I spoke with the superintendent last night 
and stated we would like to donate the money to them for the purchase of the 
scoreboard.  He is cautious in agreeing to anything without knowing more 
details.  Ray was to drop off the materials collected from the scoreboard 
company today, 5/10 so he can get up to speed prior to Monday's board 
meeting.  I'll visit with him again next week.
As I stated after our last meeting, Ray is very interested in performing the 
installation.  Also the Waterloo employees are aware of this and they to want 
to take part in the installation.  I informed Ray last night that we don't 
have a problem with him doing it so that is the plan. One recommendation I 
wish to make is, the cost savings on the installation is $2100, can dedicate 
$1000 from Tom's budget to cover incidentals during installation.  I can 
oversee and purchase these items on my purchasing card.  I don't think Ray 
will be capable of getting all material donated. This way would be much 
easier than donating the extra money to the school and then trying to work 
with the school to pay for these items. 
(P.S.  I have communicated the plans to-date to Lana Reedy, so she is in the 
loop.)
Brian
I'm in.  df
Please advise if you will or will not attend.  Thank you.
Date:  Tuesday, May 16
Time:  10:00 - 12:00
Location: To Be Determined
Re:    Discussion of Regulatory Issues regarding ENA's Gas Storage 
Development Project
I'm OK with the language, but I want to make sure everyone is OK on the 
concept.  When we left this (unless there have been subsequent conversations 
with ECS that I wasn't a part of) we rejected Courtney's proposal to reduce 
our up front payment by $500,000.  He was to come back and propose a monthly 
quantity of gas to be paid over the term of the contract that would equate to 
the $500,000, but I don't recall that we agreed to it.  Did we intend to 
leave the issue open for more horsetrading on the amount of a haircut ECS 
should take or were we content to cover ECS at 100 cents on the dollar?  I am 
advised that the Btu number in the letter would allow ECS to get the full 
$500,000 of up front value 
Rod and Steve--this one is up to you and I think its totally a question of 
whether we want to argue for some more $$ because I can't think of any other 
open issue with ECS on this or any other deals that we might be able to 
trade.    DF
Please take a look at this and let me know whether it accurately reflects 
what you discussed with ECS.  I'm reviewing it now and will let you know my 
comments soon.  They want to sign this up tomorrow Gerald Nemec@ECT
05/11/2000 03:35 PM
Susan, Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the 
amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC. Please review and let me know.
pls print.  thanks. dF
David Foti
05/11/2000 08:05 PM
Rosemary,
Please forward to the Hubbard meeting participants.  It may be good to remind 
them that it is best printed in color.  Also, if you make a change and save 
it before you print, there is a risk of the font change as we saw earlier.
Thanks 
Dave
pls print.  thanks. df
Jan Cobden
05/12/2000 10:06 AM
Please see attached memo from Lou Soldano.  Thank you.
pls print.  thanks df
Team
I have summarized in the margins of our DRAFT deal structure the "high level" 
issues that Gail Tholen, Jin and I discussed on Thursday.   These are 
preliminary guidelines and as our deal evolves and our partner's desires 
change, we will have to potentially address completely different accounting, 
regulatory and tax issues.     We hope to touch on some of the issues that 
this structure may raise from a Regulatory perspective with Drew Fossom when 
we meet next Tuesday at 10:00AM 
Please comment and advise as you see fit.
Thanks
-John
pls print for my Tues. am mtg in Houston.  thanks df
Gail Tholen@ECT
05/12/2000 01:24 PM
I just wanted to clarify a few points mentioned in this diagram 
1.  The reason that gain recognition may be precluded under the equity sell 
down if Enron maintains a guarantee is because guarantees are considered 
"continuing involvement" under FAS 66 : Sale of Real Estate.  We would 
essentially own an interest in an asset which is considered real estate (per 
accounting rules). By maintaining a guarantee, Enron has not given up all of 
the risks and rewards of ownership and therefore true sale treatment would be 
precluded.
2.  The lease versus executory contract  debate is centered around the nature 
of the offtake agreement coupled with our involvement in the project Involvement that requires us to take operational risk coupled with taking 
capacity leans toward a lease.  However, each deal is different and there 
isn't a bright line test for determining lease vs. executory; although, it 
certainly looks better if our offtake is minimal.  As well, LD language 
should not only be present but should be significant or market based.  In 
addition, the contract should not mention the storage facility, only that 
capacity will be provided.  Determining whether we are in a lease versus and 
executory contract is based on a preponderance of the evidence (more facts 
pointing toward executory contract versus lease).
3.  In the General Notes section, you mention the Trust being funded by all 
debt and contribution to the project being considered equity.  I'm unsure 
where this conclusion was reached.  This is not something I believe we fully 
discussed.  Whether of not it can be funded by all debt is something I will 
have to digest and get back to you about.   How much money is coming in 
through the investment trust?  From the diagram is looks like Enron ownership 
would be 30% instead of 12% if that piece is considered debt.  30% ownership 
does not necessarily lead to consolidation of Project Co. LLC 
4.  Two more items of interest that we did not discuss are our Affiliate 
Rules and FAS 98 Sale Leaseback.  Under our affiliate rules, if the capacity 
contract is deemed an executory contract and qualifies for MTM Accounting, we 
can only mark the portion of the contract we do not own.  So long as we 
maintain a 12% interest, we could probably only MTM 88% of the contract However, there is debate in this area depending on our level of "control Affiliate rules normally cover greater than 20% ownership investments unless 
we exert significant influence.  I believe we will be in control of the 
structure.  This will require more discussion later.
-FAS 98 Sale Leaseback is not a good place to be but is something to keep in 
mind.  However, we can be proactive and work toward keeping ourselves out 
lease land and structure this as and executory contract.
Per my request, please allow me sometime to digest this structure and consult 
with my colleagues.  I will be in touch.
Team
I have summarized in the margins of our DRAFT deal structure the "high level" 
issues that Gail Tholen, Jin and I discussed on Thursday.   These are 
preliminary guidelines and as our deal evolves and our partner's desires 
change, we will have to potentially address completely different accounting, 
regulatory and tax issues.     We hope to touch on some of the issues that 
this structure may raise from a Regulatory perspective with Drew Fossom when 
we meet next Tuesday at 10:00AM 
Please comment and advise as you see fit.
Thanks
-John
I think you have a conflict for that one, but I understand you are available 
for the March 14-5 one!  DF
P.S. If it's OK with you I will plan to attend the Energy Seminar on Feb. 
10-11 (see 2d half of Lorna's e-mail)
Lorna Brennan
01/04/2000 10:25 AM
Marathon and Phillips Join Protest
Two more shippers have joined Amoco and Burlington Resources in their
joint protest against El Paso?s decision to sell to Enron 1.2 Bcf of excess
capacity from the San Juan Basin to California. Marathon and Phillips have
joined in the protest, attacking the entire deal as anti-competitive. The
protesters hope FERC will force El Paso to begin again with capacity
assignments. Amoco and Burlington had already protested the deal two weeks
ago at FERC, when they claimed the sale would violate El Paso?s rate case
settlement and tariff. The shippers argue that El Paso was trying to sell
part of that primary firm capacity at delivery points other than
PG&E/Topock), which the settlement prohibits. The settlement was intended to
protect PG&E and allow it to access service. If this capacity is delivered at
other points such as SoCal/Topock, it could add to the glut at that point,
the protesters argued. El Paso and Enron stand to gain if the basis
differential between the San Juan Basin and California remains large.
Marathon and Phillips say that Enron and El Paso can manipulate that basis
differential because between them and their affiliates they control all the
excess capacity from the San Juan Basin to California.
______________________________________________________________________
Energy Seminars
New 2000 Dates!
San Francisco
February 10-11
Miami Beach
February 29-March 1
Houston
March 14-15
Stay after for the Houston Energy Expo!
Denver
April 12-13
Come early for GasMart/Power 2000!
Houston
May 9-10
Other seminars include:
*  Gas Contracts from A to Z: Level 100 & 202
*  Natural Gas
*  Electricity 101
*  Retail Energy Marketing 101
*  Gas Processing Contracts & Negotiations
*  Basis Trading & Hedging in Electric Power
*  Basis Trading & Hedging with Natural Gas
*  Petroleum Products Hedging & Risk Management
*  And more
Seminars are available for in-house sessions also!
For More Information:
Visit at <A HREF m Call 281.362.7979
email:registrar@energyseminars.com
______________________________________________________________________
Speculators Reduce Long Ratio
Speculators have reduced the size of their bets on rising NYMEX crude oil
futures during the two weeks ending last year. Speculator long positions now
outnumber short positions by 1.4 to 1 compared with a ratio of 2.9 to 1 two
weeks earlier and 3.8 to 1 four weeks earlier. Prices peaked at a
post-Gulf-War high of $27.15 a barrel November 22nd and ended the year at
$25.60. Long positions in crude oil futures on the NYMEX held by hedge funds
and large speculators were 44,233 on December 28th, little changed from
44,693 on December 14th, according to the CFTC. Speculator short positions
doubled, though, to 31,868 from 15,364. Speculators also became less bullish
about both gasoline and heating oil as their short positions increased much
more than the long positions did during the two-week period. The ratio of
longs to shorts in gasoline fell to about 3-to-2 from 20-to-1. For natural
gas, speculators increased their overall bet that gas prices would fall. They
had placed bets for rising gas prices from April until mid-November, when a
lack of severe cold weather demand pulled prices down from a two-year high.
The following table shows the changes in speculator positions for crude oil,
heating oil, gasoline and natural gas futures.
Contract    Date    Long            Short       L - S
Crude       12/28   44,233          31,868      12,365
Crude       12/14   44,693          15,364      29,329
HO          12/28   13,632          11,146       2,486
HO          12/14   9,717           4,372        5,345
Gasoline    12/28   13,115      7,950        5,165
Gasoline    12/14   11,908        585           11,323
NG          12/28   14,879        24,355        (9,476)
NG          12/14   12,779        19,925       (7,146)
_____________________________________________________________
FOR TIMELY INSIGHTS INTO NORTH AMERICAN GAS MARKET ISSUES
From One of North America?s Leading Energy Consultants
What We Offer:
Comprehensive advice on critical North American gas industry issues and
developments unbiased opinions on complex natural gas industry issues,
informed by an understanding of your business challenges early reporting on
important trends, strong competitive intelligence clearly written, focused
research.
Ziff Energy?s North American Gas Strategies Retainer Service - Join other
producers, pipelines, marketers, LDCs, and end-users from Canada and the U.S.
who are our retainer clients.
As a Retainer Client You Receive:
Bi-annual executive briefings customized to focus on your issues insightful
and high quality research reports - at least one report per month access to
senior consultants.
Custom Consulting:
Our experienced staff in Calgary and Houston understand the current strategic
issues that are affecting the North American gas industry today.  Our
strategic gas consulting features strong objective analysis, and our
significant industry experience.  Ziff Energy performs consulting work in a
variety of areas including markets, transportation, supply, storage and
mid-stream.  We have the experience and the capability to integrate these
areas to address your needs.
In business since 1982, Ziff Energy has grown to become one of North
America?s leading energy consultants.  With our large U.S. producer and
pipeline client base, Ziff Energy offers strong supply intelligence on the
U.S. Gulf of Mexico and onshore U.S. gas basins.  With 50+ staff in our
Calgary and Houston offices, we are available to meet your strategic
information needs.
For more information about Ziff Energy?s Retainer Service
and consulting areas where we can be of assistance, contact Jim Oosterbaan,
V.P. Gas Services at (403) 234-4279 or joosterbaan@ziffenergy.com.
/A>
______________________________________________________________________
Statoil Sells E&P Business to Equitable
Equitable Resources, has acquired Statoil Energy?s Appalachian Basin Gas
Exploration and Production subsidiaries, Eastern States Exploration Company
and Eastern States Oil and Gas for $630 million. The transaction is expected
to close in February. The sale includes natural gas reserves totaling
approximately 1.1 Tcf, 6,500 production wells, and 4,000 miles of pipeline
network in Kentucky, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio. Sale of the
exploration and production business is the first step in The Statoil Group?s
overall plan of complete divestment of Statoil Energy. Statoil Energy?s
remaining businesses, power generation, energy marketing and trading,  will
be offered for sale in a separate process starting later this month. The
divestment plan is part of Statoil?s overall restructuring program to
concentrate on its core business activities: exploration and production in
Norway and other selected areas of the world; the European natural gas and
energy business; crude oil trading, refining and marketing; and
petrochemicals. Equitable?s market capitalization is $1.1 billion.
______________________________________________________________________
TAGE
The Austin Group Energy
Executive Search Consultants
pj@austingrp.com -  <A HREF Phone (281) 497-8595  -   Fax (281) 597-0099
______________________________________________________________________
EPRI Launches Customized Technical Support Services Subsidiary
A new subsidiary of the Electric Power Research Institute will offer
customized technical support services to both members and non-members of its
research program. EPRIsolutions is a for-profit subsidiary created to hasten
the application of EPRI technologies already developed through decades of
collaborative research. EPRIsolutions will work directly with our customers
to select, install and support the EPRI technologies most suitable for their
particular needs. Many of the services offered will be performed by the staff
of EPRI?s Technology Application Centers located throughout the US. For
example, the Engineering and Test Centers in Lenox, Mass. and Haslet, Tex.
can provide audits of utility power delivery systems to identify weaknesses
before they lead to outages. The Maintenance and Diagnostics Center in
Charlotte, N.C. can help customers save on the cost of operating and
maintaining their fossil-fired power plants. As an example of how such
integrated services will be offered, EPRIsolutions can help customers adapt
and install the powerful, sophisticated software packages now available for
load forecasting, environmental risk assessment, and retail market
management. In some cases, EPRIsolutions will go one step further by acting
as an application service provider for companies that want to outsource
data-intensive operations. The first such ASP activity will be on-line
monitoring and diagnosis of water chemistry for several nuclear power plants.
EPRIsolutions is being formed through the merger of two existing
subsidiaries, EPRICSG and EPRIGEN, which were created to allow EPRI to
conduct proprietary R&D on behalf of individual funders, who would retain
rights to the intellectual property involved. In addition to continuing this
activity, EPRIsolutions takes on the function of providing customized
technology application and consulting services. Such private-benefit work
lies beyond the scope of EPRI's tax-exempt, collaborative research mission
and thus requires the use of a taxable subsidiary.
______________________________________________________________________
HEAD?S UP? PRICES DOWN!
Natural gas prices have fallen to $2.40/MMBtu from $3.20/MMBtu just last
month. Storage injections still outweigh storage withdrawals. Where will
prices go? Depends on the weather. If it is warm in Houston and New York City
over the Thanksgiving holidays, will prices continue to head south? Under
those conditions, they have since 1993. Call it ?Rader?s Stupid Frozen Turkey
Theory? or call it storage fundamentals, but be prepared in case this silly
theory comes true one more year. For an in-depth, wellhead to burnertip study
of the natural gas industry, following is the winter schedule for the
original Natural Gas 101? training courses. Or call to set up an in-house
course at your convenience.
NATURAL GAS 1010 Schedule
2nd Week Jan - Houston, TX
Early Feb -         Call for Exact dates
Early Mar -         Houston, TX
April 19 -          New Orleans, LA
Speaking at EEI National Accounts
Natural Gas 101 is a registered trademark of Rader Energy Consultants.
Contact: Linda K. Rader, Rader Energy Consultants
P.O. Box 27391, Houston, TX 77227-7391
(713) 621-0808 or (713) 993-9325, ext. 161
natgas101@att.net
______________________________________________________________________
Oxy and EOG Swap Properties
Occidental Petroleum and EOG Resources have exchanged oil and natural gas
fields to cut costs and boost production. Oxy received fields in California
that produce about 12 MMcf per day and mineral rights to more than 700,000
acres of land in the state. It also received properties in the western Gulf
that produce 26 MMcfe per day, adjacent to fields Oxy already owns. EOG
which produce 33 MMcf per day and 3,000 barrels of oil a day. It also
acquired exploration rights on 312,000 acres in the Oklahoma panhandle.
_____________________________________________________________________
Houston Energy Expo              GasMart/Power2000
Are you planning to attend the Houston Energy Expo or GasMart/Power2000?
Today?s hot issues: Deregulation, Gridlock, Gas Supply & Power Demand,
Merchant Plants, Fossil Fuels, Mergers and Aquisitions.  Are you reacting to
the changes throughout your industry?  Or, are you acting strategically &
decisively through integration of goals and objectives?  We offer innovative
experiences, transformations and integrated marketing solutions for your next
tradeshow.
For a free "Tradeshow Timeline & Exhibit Staffing Strategy Guide"
call, fax or e-mail us today.
Attn: Brent P. Sells
Mail to: bsells@o-group.com
Phone: 800-725-8347 Ext. 121
Fax: 713-462-8347
25 years Domestically and Internationally
For more information regarding the Houston Energy Expo,
please visit the NESA website at <A HREF org For more information about attending, exhibiting, advertising, or sponsorship
at GasMart/Power2000, please visit our website at <A
HREF ______________________________________________________________________
Calpine Buys Reserves from Vintage
Calpine has acquired 90 Bcf of natural gas reserves from Vintage
Petroleum for $71.5 million, becoming the largest gas producer in
California?s Sacramento Valley. Calpine bought the remaining 58% interest in
the Rio Vista field that it did not already own, along with some exploration
rights. It received the 42%  stake when it acquired Sheridan Energy last
November for $128 million. Calpine plans to purchasing natural gas fields and
pipelines so it can provide fuel for its natural gas powered generators at
lower costs. Calpine plans to expand its electric generation businesses in
California, Texas, Arizona and Nevada along with the Southeast and Northeast.
It operates power plants that can generate 3,400 MW.
.
Callon Natural Gas Blowout
Callon Petroleum had a natural gas blowout while drilling a test well in
the Gulf of Mexico and a fire is burning from a portion of the well. There
were no injuries at the  at South Marsh Island Block 261 well, about 60 miles
south of Lafayette, Louisiana. The fire is burning from a portion of the well
casing about 20 feet above sea level. Wild Well Control, a well-blowout
specialty company, is making preparations to bring the well under control.
Please Welcome Our Advertisers by Visiting These Websites!
<A HREF <A HREF <A HREF  /A>
Financial Summary
The TSE 300 rose 7.68 points to 8413.75
The CRB Index is 204.27
The US Dollar retreated 1.65 points to 100..29
The Dow lost 140.23 points to 11356.89
The S&P 500 decreased 14.08 points to 1455.17
The Nasdaq was up 61.40 points to 4130.71
February NYMEX Crude Oil is 25.60
Canadian-U.S. Exchange fell .0074 to 1.4433
Enerfax Daily is the North America's gas and power information source. It
is sent to you free of charge. Enerfax Daily may be copied and redistributed
in its entirety to all interested energy professionals. Please call
281/583-7937,  or e-mail us at enerfax1@aol.com with the e-mail addresses of
other energy professionals that would like to be added to Enerfax Daily's
growing distribution list of thousands of energy professionals in the U.S.
and Canada, or to be removed.  The information contained herein was obtained
from sources which Enerfax Daily believes to be reliable, but does not
guarantee its accuracy.
Your support of our advertisers is greatly appreciated and will keep
Enerfax Daily free. Thank you. Your comments are welcome.
pls print for Bill meeting.  thanks df
Julia White
05/12/2000 05:40 PM
Attached below is a proposed timeline for activities and deadlines for 
completion of such activities associated with the upcoming TW auction on 
EnronOnline. The timeline is set in order to meet the July 1 deadline for 
implementation. We have tried to structure the activities and deadlines so 
that it can be adapted to other GPG auctions as well. I appreciate everyone's 
help in advance in meeting these dates which I certainly realize are tight 
but are necessary in order to meet the July target. The key activities which 
are critical for completion for the week of May 15 are as follows:
1.Webtext for TW Auction----Finalized by Monday May 15 (to be handed off to 
EOL for auction site design 2.Draft Customer Letter announcing auction out for internal comments by 
Wednesday May 17.
In addition, a GPG distribution list for review of certain activities (i.e customer letter, internal employee announcement, press release) has been 
included. We will  update this timeline once a week. If you have questions, 
please call.
THANKS for everyone's help in moving us along so quickly so far!!! We will be 
able to meet the July goal 
Julia
Thank you,
Tammy  
No problem with the plan to send a demand letter to El Paso on the 
measurement issue.  Please include me on distribution for the draft Thanks,  DF
How about Thursday or Friday, June 1 or 2 for a round of golf?  I'm in HOU 
all wk and the end of the wk looks pretty light.  I'd be happy to venture out 
west to your Katy/San Antonio nick of the woods if you guys are available Hill, are you gonna be in Houston around then?  If so, can you sneak the 
clubs past your wife?  Please advise.  DF  
PS:  I met with Paul Bieniawski and his new storage group today.  Do you guys 
know how he parted terms with the Frogs 
Thanks for the offer!  Lets see when we get this event scheduled and I may be 
able to take you up on it.  Looks like you Utilicorp guys need to get 
coordinated or I may have to play golf twice.  That would be brutal.  DF
afternoon of June 1 works great with me.  I've "inked" you in.  Drewski,
plan to stay at the house that evening as well.  same for you David Hill if
you can make it.
no, but would love to here the story.
I enjoyed meeting with you guys and your team this morning.  Our crack 
certificate people have already responded to my request, as you'll see 
below.  As you get deeper into the process, talking with Michele and her 
colleagues may be useful for you as they have been through it all before with 
FERC on storage projects.  Let me know if I can be of further help.  Thanks 
for the quick help, Michele.  DF 
Attached are a list of the exhibits for a certificate application and the 
environmental requirements (this document is the redline for the new 
environmental regulations under Order No. 603, 603A, & 603B). Within this 
document is the minimum checklist requirements for the environmental report I included everything because ultimately we must provide everything --not 
just the minimum.   If this is too much or not enough let me know.   Also, 
the definition of an affected landowner on new or expansion of the boundaries 
of an existing storage facility includes both surface and subsurface owners 
for landowner notification requirements (such requirements are not included 
in the attached documents).  thanks MW
Do we have anything off the shelf that we could send to some guys at ENA that 
are trying to understand the 7(c) process?  They asked me for something like 
a "checklist" of what you'd have to put in a cert. app. to build and operate 
a new storage project.  Any ideas would be appreciated.  DF
I got a call from Tino Monaldo today passing on the results of Dennis 
Langley's meeting with DOE in Albuquerque.  DOE indicated that their current 
PNM rate is "5.3 cents, exclusive of the demand charge."  Tino's consultant 
claims that factoring in the demand charge yields an effective rate of 
approximately 7 cents/KWh.  Assuming we need to come in at 10% less than the 
current rate, our bogey is 6.3 cents/KWh.  This is at the high end of the 
range we hoped they'd be in.
Additionally, DOE indicated that they need "redundancy" and don't want to 
rely on PNM for back up power.  They want a multiple turbine facility--i.e more smaller turbines instead of fewer large turbines.  The new pipeline will 
need to be split connected to El Paso and TW in order to access diverse 
supplies and guard against supply failure.  They have not asked for fuel oil 
backup 
I know this is starting to look like the project that won't go away, but the 
power price number looks very promising to me.  I think its worth scrubbing 
down the model we've used to replace the generic capital cost and O&M 
assumptions with more specific assumptions related to the specific turbine 
configuration we'd be using 
If this price is really as favorable as I think, can we make another run at 
the ENA people and Federal Solutions guys to see if they have any interest DF 
If you guys are just going to squabble like a couple of old ladies I'm not 
sure I want to play golf with you!  By the way, Hill, your excuse is lame.  DF
There you go!  Always telling me what to do.
Pat:  Cal me when you have a few minutes.
I couldn't open the document, but that's OK as I will have no problem with 
whatever form and content you include, as long as they don't build in any 
links to porno sites or similar undesirable places.  Thanks. DF
Attached is the proposal by the corporate IT group on the new enron.com 
website.  They have not stated how many sites they are going to modify, or 
how "deep" they are going to go on their revisions....other than to say they 
will not be revising each companies individual websites.  I am viewing the 
presentation today to see the slides for the first time.  Please review the 
slides and let me know if you have any comments on the format, content, etc. 
If I hear more details, I will forward to you.
Thanks.
If we are still talking about 6-1, any time after 1 should work for me, as 
I've got a meeting that ends at 11:30 downtown.  How long does it take to 
drive to Katy at noon???  About 3 hours?  DF
That's the Norman course. Why don't you make a tee time.
Pat
I met with Ms Caplan yesterday and had a good discussion.  I was pretty 
impressed with her.  The only down side is that her inability to sit for the 
Texas bar is a hangup for a lawyer position.   I suggested that she also look 
into getting her license in New York or D.C. as I think those jurisdictions 
are less reluctant to allow non-U.S. lawyers to sit for the bar than Texas 
is.  I'll talk to Mike Moran, Dot McCoppin, Britt Davis and Shelley Corman 
regaring possible positions in GPG.  Have you thought about Steve Kean's 
group?  They might be able to use someone like Emma.  I plan to write her in 
a couple of weeks to follow up with any additional leads I've found.  Enjoyed 
shootin the shit with you, as always!  DF 
Please take a look at this response.  I'm reviewing Mike's draft answers from 
last week and would like to forward to Britt and Barrett all the input we 
have by noon or so.  Thanks. DF
Ann Smith
12/13/99 10:05 AM
Lou, I agree with your legal analysis.  Susan confirmed for me that the TW 
tariff has no specific PCB limit and I think your analysis is accurate on how 
FERC or the courts would react to the  "toxic substances" language that is in 
there.  Please go ahead and get back to Bill and report your conclusions, 
with my endorsement if that adds any value (perhaps the value of another neck 
in the noose).  Also, it is worrysome that PG&E has an argument that any 
dollars they spend on Southwest must be reimbursed by TW under our 
agreement.  They might feel free to pour money on Southwest to keep them 
happy, even if Southwest doesn't put much pressure on PG&E and as a customer 
relationship strategy , in the belief that it is Enron money they are playing 
with.  Can we do anything to keep PG&E honest on this 
Given all of the above,  is it our strategy to continue to manage this 
Southwest Gas problem as best we can as part of the broader PG&E problem 
12/30/99 11:23 AM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
12/30/99 11:23 AM
12/30/99 11:23 AM
Bill raises some good questions.  I've been struggling with the "legal duty" 
question to SW Gas since we do not have a contract with SW - even PG&E does 
not have a contract with SW - PG&E's contract is with SoCal.   Without the 
contractual duty or a tariff requirement ( I don't believe our gas quality 
section would prohibit PCBs - even should they reach level that is regulated 
by the State of California or the EPA ) that sends us back to common law 
duties/causes of action - such as trespass, nuisance, and ordinary 
negligence.  Since PCBs are authorized by the EPA in natural gas pipelines at 
virtually any level as long as certain actions are taken I don't place much 
stock in the common law duties although the EPA's position would not be 
dispositive - merely heavily persuasive.  Other than some type of weak third 
party beneficiary claim is there anything here 
I generally agree with the plan going forward, but before we finalize a SW 
Gas strategy, I want to know what our legal duties are to SW Gas if they find 
high PCB's. Is there an EPA requirement? Were any commitments made by TW to 
SW Gas in past years? Would they go after PG&E and, if so, would that fall 
under or commitment to PG&E to cover costs? Keep me in the loop and let's 
make sure we don't get any press on this until all facts are known and a 
communication plan is in place.
Bill
FYI
Once E&C has developed plans to contain PCB's on the PG&E system, we will 
have to get approval for new 2000 Work Orders. I'm just guessing, but we will 
likely incur expenses of $2 to $3 million. This will be for decon work, for 
filter/separators on their system at customer taps, and probably some big 
filter/separators downstream on their A & B Lines. I'll work to find the from within the 2000 approved Capital limits.
12/29/99 07:03 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
12/29/99 07:03 PM
12/29/99 07:03 PM
The following is an overview of the discussions that took place today and 
some excellent work by David and our field lads this evening:
Counsel for PG&E contacted Soldano to relay sampling results from last Friday 
testing on the line to SW Gas (five results- all in ug/100cm2) and all from 
internal surfaces on the equipment and short segment of pipe immediately 
upstream of the SW Gas line - ND, 2.4, 1,7, 5.7,2.5)  and to let TW know that 
PG&E and SW personnel would be conducting further sampling today on the SW 
system not far from the Topock C/S.  He was primarily calling to see how TW 
would respond to two questions that had not yet been posed but which may well 
come up soon - 1.) If SW Gas should request compensation/reimbursement for 
issues associated with PCBs what would be TW's response? and 2.) Would TW be 
interested in ensuring that PG&E and TW speak with as common a voice as 
possible and if so, how that might be accomplished.   Neither question was 
answered but PG&E was assured that TW would continue to work as closely as 
possible with PG&E to resolve any issues.  Possible joint phone conferences 
and meetings with SW were discussed including meeting tied to the planned 
meeting in Las Vegas on the 12th.  PG&E also stated that they were ordering a 
small PECO F/S for the SW Gas take off line which they expected to be in the 
$20,000 to $30,000 range
Our internal discussion afterwards suggested that we wait to see the 
analytical results of today's testing (probably due back on Tuesday of next 
week) before committing to any costs coverage issues and that Kevin Hyatt and 
Lorraine Lindberg would follow-up with Rod Boschee on Thursday on the "one 
voice" issue.  A meeting with SW Gas sometime around the 12th would likely be 
as quick a meeting as SW Gas could prepare for and it would be best if we had 
the sample results back before a meeting was scheduled.
David Roensch and the field crew were able to participate in the sampling 
event on the SW Gas system.  They tested some domestic meters which appeared 
in mint condition.  There were no liquids and from appearances alone, PCBs 
may not be present.  SW Gas had their environmental specialist on location 
and the entire SW Gas crew was reported in high spirits and quite friendly 
about the entire situation.
At the suggestion of Robert Jones (you remember him--one of the growing 
legion of ex-GPG HR representatives), I interviewed a lady named Emma Caplan 
yesterday.  She is the wife of a guy that Enron Networks brought over to 
Houston from London.  She is a "Solicitor" in the English legal system, and 
got her law degree at the University of Wales.  She has not taken an American 
bar exam but may be able to take DC or New York.  For some reason related to 
practice of foreign lawyers in TX, she can't take the TX bar until she has 
gotten a US law degree.  This person is very bright, personable, and 
enthusiastic.  She is extremely interested in working for Enron, either as a 
lawyer once she gets her license squared away, or in a paralegal or analyst 
position until then. I left a copy of her resume with Emily, and I'd ask that 
she please forward it to each of you.  If any of you have need for such an 
individual or have ideas she should pursue within Enron (or outside Enron please call Robert or myself.  Thanks.  DF 
Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online 
deal.  Cell 402-630-8461 or home 402-572-8595.  I'm in tomorrow around 7:45 Gracias.  DF 
this guy  cracks me up 
05/19/2000 08:29 AM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
05/19/2000 08:29 AM
05/19/2000 08:29 AM
Well, if she's "very bright, personable, and enthusiastic" she certainly 
won't fit in with us 
I'll follow up with mike and shelly on the person we were thiniking of 
splitting for the summer - that may already be a done deal, if not it may 
make sense to do something more permanent but we will need to look at 
budget 
i could probably use some part time help with Bret Reich exiled to Phase IV 
but i should have a licensed lawyer for that.
At the suggestion of Robert Jones (you remember him--one of the growing 
legion of ex-GPG HR representatives), I interviewed a lady named Emma Caplan 
yesterday.  She is the wife of a guy that Enron Networks brought over to 
Houston from London.  She is a "Solicitor" in the English legal system, and 
got her law degree at the University of Wales.  She has not taken an American 
bar exam but may be able to take DC or New York.  For some reason related to 
practice of foreign lawyers in TX, she can't take the TX bar until she has 
gotten a US law degree.  This person is very bright, personable, and 
enthusiastic.  She is extremely interested in working for Enron, either as a 
lawyer once she gets her license squared away, or in a paralegal or analyst 
position until then. I left a copy of her resume with Emily, and I'd ask that 
she please forward it to each of you.  If any of you have need for such an 
individual or have ideas she should pursue within Enron (or outside Enron please call Robert or myself.  Thanks.  DF 
I wouldn't miss it!  DF
Steve & Julia, Your attendance is also requested, we plan to include a 
discussion of TW accounting of imbalance price risk.
Drew, we have previously discussed this with you and you are welcome, All 
hand-outs will be Attorney Client Privilege so we may need a lawyer. 
Dan
Virginia O'Neill
05/18/2000 04:43 PM
Meeting Confirmation:
Topic:  SLA Examples & Discussion
Date:  Tuesday, May 30
Time:  4:00-5:00 PM
Location: VCR (Hou-49C2, Oma-7C2)
Another Tino-gram.  DOE disclosed to Team Tino that they pay a $7.06/mo 
demand charge per KW in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge.  Tino didn't 
know whether that was per KW of monthly demand, per KW of non-coincident peak 
usage, or what.  The PNM tariff for govt. service is priced at $7.16/KW of 
"demand above 10,000kw during peak period"  (peak period is daytime) so I 
assume that is how it is calculated.  If that is the tariff ("Schedule 
4000B") under which DOE really takes service, this is interesting because 
that is not a very big discount off of the stated rate.  It is also 
interesting that DOE is paying $.053/kwh for energy since the Schedule 4000B 
energy rate is $.05072/kwh (maybe the difference is surcharges or something Tino's consultant has figured out that the demand charge equates to an 
incremental $.011 in addition to the $.053/kwh energy charge, for a total 
delivered PNM rate to DOE of $.064/kwh.  This is not as good as the 7 cent 
number Tino threw around earlier in the week, but its still not terrible.  If 
the bogey is a 10% reduction to the current rate, our number to beat is 
$.0576/kwh.  Tino promised us copies of DOE's actual energy bills to confirm 
these numbers.  That would be great and solves the due diligence problem you 
and I talked about yesterday, Kevin 
Tino also passed along a rumor he heard from the Isleta's consultant that the 
Cobisa Belen project is dead.  Do we know anything about this Interesting.  I'm waiting to hear back from Bill Votaw to line up a due 
diligence call to Tino's government contracts lawyers in DC to confirm 
whether the "sole source" strategy is legit.  Kevin, I'll let you know when 
this is scheduled in case you want to be on the call.  Thanks.  DF 
pls get me scheduled on this.  thanks. df
05/19/2000 10:20 AM
D J Smith
I have not received your response as to which Orientation you will be able to 
attend next week.  Please let me know as soon as possible your preferred 
date/time.  If you are unable to attend one of these sessions, please let me 
know and I will make arrangements with you to do an individual session for 
you 
I second that--thanks a lot!!  DF
Martha Benner
05/19/2000 04:14 PM
Want to thank you so much for all your help in obtaining the satellite phone 
for our usage.  It was a very short notice and you were able to come through 
and with no hesitation on your parts.  It is so nice to have good people to 
work with and you were so helpful and professional during the whole 
situation.  I was a novice at this phone thing and you were helpful ever step 
of the way.
Again, thank you.
Martha Benner
I saw in the press that N.M. has delayed electric open access until Jan 1, 02 
for residentials and small commercials and to July 1, 02 for large 
industrials.  That increases the likelihood that the Pueblo project will have 
to dump power in the wholesale market at 4 Corners for a while before retail 
markets start to open up.  One more thing to factor in.
I'm expecting to hook up with Bill Votaw of Enron Federal Solutions today to 
talk about Langley's "sole source" procurement strategy with DOE.  I hope to 
get Votaw on the phone with Langley's D.C. govt. contracts lawyers to discuss 
their theory.  We should be in a better position to raise a flag if the sole 
source strategy is really a high risk approach.  I'm not sure where that 
would leave us because the only other approach I can think of is to steer DOE 
into opening the power plant up for bids.  Langley does not appear interested 
in trying to win an open bid for the power plant, although frankly we would 
probably have about as good a chance as anyone of winning.
Once we clear up the government contracts issues (if ever) it seems to me 
that it would be time to expand the team to include Federal Solutions 
(potentially, if they see an angle to help them with their Kirtland 
outsourcing strategy) and ENA.  The ENA involvement would be particularly 
important so we could get a line of specific turbine availability and the 
specifications/economics that would result.  I'm probably engaging in wishful 
thinking again, but my hope is that the economics on a specific turbine/heat 
exchanger configuration work out a little better than the generic economics 
from the model that James ran.   If we think this thing is a potentially 
viable deal after I talk to Votaw and the Langley DC team, we need to grab 
Bill Cordes and discuss whether we go to ENA "from the bottom up," or through 
Stan "from the top down" to get hooked into a deal team over there.  Kevin, I 
still intend to hook you into the Votaw-DC call if you are available Thanks. DF
I'll be in Houston so no need to dial me in!  DF
A  Direct Report's meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, May 31 at  10:30 
a.m., instead of June 13 as originally scheduled.  Please mark your calendars.
Drew:  Michael will call and conference you in as usual.
DJ, Drew was scheduled to attend May 25th @ 2 p.m. but will not be able 
attend as he has an important conference call.  Carmen
Carmen--please print these up for me.  thanks. DF
Sarabeth Smith
01/04/2000 03:51 PM
Attached is the first draft for your review of the findings of the Document 
Controls Investigation, which we will discuss at tomorrow's 2:30pm video 
conference.
The agenda for the meeting tomorrow is to review the findings and potential 
recommendations and decide on a course of action 
Additionally, attached is a list of the individuals interviewed during the 
course of this investigation.
If I can answer any questions before the meeting tomorrow, please call me in 
Houston at X37973 or page me at 1-800-974-6147.
Looking forward to our discussion tomorrow,
Sarabeth
Julie McCoy
12/30/99 10:45 AM
Message per Sarabeth Smith:
Meeting Confirmation:
Topic:  First Draft of Findings of the Document Controls Investigation
Date:  Wednesday, January 5, 2000
Time:  2:30 PM-3:30 PM
Location:   Omaha and Houston Video Conference Rooms
I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for 
the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and 
Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts 
team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next 
week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their 
outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he 
is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my 
old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all 
through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations 
and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a 
meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts 
counsel present and if so, who do you suggest 
On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that 
he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint 
venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my 
concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, 
including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline 
or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit 
turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron 
or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with 
money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this 
deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be 
revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF
I couldn't get the email through to Bill Gang, so lets try William.  Bill V, 
if this doesn't show Bill G as an addressee, please forward from your 
computer.  Thanks.  DF
I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for 
the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and 
Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts 
team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next 
week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their 
outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he 
is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my 
old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all 
through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations 
and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a 
meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts 
counsel present and if so, who do you suggest 
On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that 
he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint 
venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my 
concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, 
including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline 
or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit 
turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron 
or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with 
money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this 
deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be 
revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF
Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need 
to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government 
contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and 
scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw 
and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for 
Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that 
point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch 
ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd 
have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the 
ENA deal guys.  More to follow 	
I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for 
the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and 
Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts 
team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next 
week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their 
outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he 
is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my 
old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all 
through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations 
and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a 
meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts 
counsel present and if so, who do you suggest 
On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that 
he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint 
venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my 
concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, 
including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline 
or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit 
turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron 
or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with 
money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this 
deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be 
revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF
I'm on board with the low key concept and the bullets look great.  Some minor 
comments attached.  Thanks for spearheading this, Shelley.  DF
Shelley Corman
05/26/2000 02:09 PM
I'm currently scheduled to meet with Kevin Madden and other members of OMTR, 
including hopefully Mike Coleman, Rob Cupina and Alice Fernandez, next Wed. 
May 31 to give them a heads-up on GPG's upcoming use of EOL.  I also hope to 
meet with several of the Commissioners' assistants.  The timing of the 
meeting is to ensure that we get to them prior to a press release.
The approach is decidely low key.   There is a feeling that if we make a big 
deal of this with FERC, then they will ask a lot of questions about why we 
aren't filing for permission.  Hopefully, if we explain that it doesn't 
change any of our current practices, that its just a new computer tool, they 
will chalk it up as another ecommerce story 
I hope to talk about the GPG's use of EOL generally and not get deep into the 
mechanics of the specific TW auction.  The advantage of me doing the FERC 
briefing is that I can talk generally and claim that I'm not privy to the 
details of each of the pipelines possible EOL products.
Attached is a rough outline of my message points and a few Q&As that I have 
thought of thus far.  Please send me your feedback (by noon on Tues. May 30) 
and any other Q&As that you think I should be prepared for. 
For some reason the initial email didn't go through to him--I forwarded it 
separately.  Thanks.  DF
Thank you. Did you mean to leave Bill Gang off your distribution list?
Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need 
to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government 
contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and 
scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw 
and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for 
Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that 
point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch 
ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd 
have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the 
ENA deal guys.  More to follow 	
I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for 
the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and 
Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts 
team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next 
week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their 
outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he 
is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my 
old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all 
through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations 
and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a 
meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts 
counsel present and if so, who do you suggest 
On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that 
he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint 
venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my 
concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, 
including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline 
or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit 
turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron 
or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with 
money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this 
deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be 
revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF
Denise, pls print for me.  Thanks DF
Here is a first cut at a Motion in Limine for the Northern case.  I have
tried to hit the major themes, but I am sure there are issues I might have
missed.  Please let me know of any additional matters you think we might
include.
- 1WB601!.WPD
I recall that we set up a warning flag approach with market services last 
year to make sure that Sempra never "goes physical" without us manning the 
battle stations and deciding what to do.  Do you guys know who the noms would 
come in to in Market Services if Sempra ever decided to try to take their gas 
out of Cunningham and move it off system?  Care to venture a guess as to what 
that person would do if a 100,000 nom by Sempra into an IT contract for a 
haul from the Cunningham storage point to Demarc hit their desk?  Sempra 
couldn't nom the gas into a transport contract without first giving 
Kent/Sue/Morgan a physical delivery nom under the SF agreement, correct?  At 
which point we would immediately nom the SBA, correct 
These issues may be important to our closing this year's deal if TCEM can't 
come up with the corp. guarantee.  I.e., if we can retain absolute control of 
the noms, do we really have any "go physical" risk???  We need to think this 
through.  DF  
Thanks for the heads up--I'll talk to him tomorrow.  DF
Julia White
05/30/2000 04:38 PM
Drew--Mike said he would get with you about these changes he made to the 
press release below. We are close!!
Julia
Hi Julia:
Attached is the EnronOnline release reflecting some verbiage changes Dave and 
I made to satisfy  Moran's concerns with the "wholly-owned" language in the 
second paragraph. Let me know if you have any questions...Thanks!
pls send emma's resume to Lou Soldano.   Lou, please give me a call if you 
have any questions about this lady.  Thanks 
Please go ahead and do a letter--Lou is considering talking with her but 
isn't sure yet.  Thanks DF
Martha Benner
05/31/2000 02:52 PM
Will do it right now.  Do you want to wait on the letter?  Did you mention it 
in the meeting today?
Great!  i'll  .  DF
TONY PRYOR
01/04/2000 06:17 PM
Sent by: Janet Cones
Julie Gomez will present ENA's Transportation Risk Management Practices on 
Thursday, January 6th at 10:00 a.m. until no later than 11:30 a.m. in 47C2 
They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport 
they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify 
what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a 
counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee 
issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF
Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM
addition to my first reply:
Also, Sempra does not nominate to Kent/Sue/Morgan.  They nominate to Market 
Services.  Sempra's scheduler would not even think to call any one of us.  We 
would only hope their deal maker, David Otte, would be in the loop on their 
side and notify one of us if they ever decided to go physical.
Sue
pls let me know if you will be able to cover this--I'm out of pocket thanks. df (also--leave me a voice mail at x37555 on how things are going out 
in Cal 	
I have invited Glen and Mary as there is a strong possibility I won't be 
available  MK
Audrey Robertson
05/31/2000 10:21 AM
Please be informed, a meeting has been scheduled to discuss the Enron's 
Options Program on Tuesday, June 6th, 4:00 - 5:00p in the Video Conference 
Room - EB-49C2 (7C1 - Omaha).
Drew, we are aware that you will be in Austin on Tuesday and may not be able 
to participate.
Thanks in advance for marking your calendars.
adr
I agree with Susan.  df
Approved.
Christine Stokes
05/31/2000 08:35 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter to Southwest Gas 
Corporation (SWG).  SWG shall enter into a 10 year agreement  for 14,000 
Dth/d of seasonal (November through March) capacity effective November 1, 
2000.  The transport rate of $.15/Dth/d shall increase annually by 
$.005/Dth/d.  The primary path shall be from Tranwestern's  East of Thoreau 
(EOT) Area  to the SWG Interconnect located in the East of California Area Alternate receipt point rights shall be from Tranwestern's EOT Area and from 
the Bloomfield Compressor.   SWG ROFR rights shall be wiaved. In 
additionTranswestern shall propose  to retain revenues generated by capacity 
release at rates higher than the effective contract's discount rate.
(Please note that the FTS-1 Appendix A - not shown here with the discount 
letter-  specifically indicates 0 MMcf/d capacity for the April through 
October period.  Therefore, even though the $.1500/MMBtu rate in Paragraph 3 
of the discount letter does not indicate the rate is a "seasonal rate", the 
effective billing to SWG shall be seasonal.)
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.   All Officer approvals 
shall be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
This is a problem your people should be aware of because I think our usual 
practice when we want to verify ownership structure is to call the corporate 
secretary's office.  If they are behind, I don't know who we should go to in 
the future.  Maybe we need to run everything by corp. tax from now on.  Ugh DF  
Alicia Goodrow
05/31/2000 04:31 PM
The erroneous statements found in the Form 2 related to Transwestern today 
are traceable in part to the fact that the Corporate Secretary's Data Sheets 
are months behind in their accuracy.  This is not the first instance where 
serious and costly errors have been made by persons who were relying on the 
data sheets for accurate ownership information on Enron Corp. subsidiaries.
If you have any creative ideas on finding a remedy for the extremely long lag 
time between the submission of final documentation to the Corporate Secretary 
and the updating of the sheets, please let me know.  In the meantime, be 
aware that the information is not necessarily reliable.
Thanks
Alicia
OK.  DF
JANET CONES
05/31/2000 03:47 PM
I have the copy with the receipts if you want to see it when you are here in 
Houston.
Thanks.  I think I've already got things squared away with Jerry.  DF
AnnMarie Tiller
05/31/2000 05:21 PM
Drew,
I just finished leaving you a voicemail message in response to your question 
about a contact in the state tax area.   I'm not sure the voicemail system 
saved my message, however, because it didn't respond in the same manner as 
the system here.
Just in case, I thought I would leave you this e:mail message as well 
The person whose name I left you in the last message was Jerry Moore (713) 
853-1712.   Another person who might be helpful is Carol Brantz (713) 
853-7180.   I'm not sure which of these folks is more apppropriate for 
purposes of obtaining an answer to your question.   Good luck.
,
AnnMarie
Is that point the receipt point Sempra would have to use to take the base gas 
volumes away from Cunningham?  Thanks.  DF
Linda Trevino
06/01/2000 08:47 AM
If someone tries to nominate POI 61243 they will receive a message saying 
"Invalid point".  The market service rep will then notify me because they 
cannot nominate on the point.  I will then notify Jan.  Jan and I will notify 
Sue, Morgan, Kent and yourself.  Let me know if we need to change anything.
Linda
Jan and  Linda, the issue is how does anyone know for last years base gas 
deal if it has "gone physical" (if Sempra nominates the SF agreement for 
delivery).  My answer subject to your verification is that the POI that they 
have to nominate to is flagged as not available, so when they nominate Market 
Services is aware of it and is to call Kent/Sue/Morgan.  Could you fill in 
any missing details.  Thanks, Dari
They nominate the SF to market services also, in addition to any transport 
they have?  Dari, please follow up on this with market services and verify 
what the procedures are and let us all know.    Again, this may relate to a 
counterproposal we make to TCEM if they barf on the corporate guarantee 
issue, so time is of the essence.  Thanks.  DF
Sue M Neville                05/31/2000 11:14 AM
addition to my first reply:
Also, Sempra does not nominate to Kent/Sue/Morgan.  They nominate to Market 
Services.  Sempra's scheduler would not even think to call any one of us.  We 
would only hope their deal maker, David Otte, would be in the loop on their 
side and notify one of us if they ever decided to go physical.
Sue
Cool--I'm in Monday--lets talk then.  Thanks. DF
John Dushinske
06/01/2000 08:22 AM
Drew - Just wanted to follow up on our discussion on Monday about new 
services, especially hourly firm.   As we discussed
our team does not see a need to create or offer this service at this time However, we did not get a chance to discuss the merits of going forward 
anyway to act on the receptivity of FERC to these services.   Please give me 
a call or let me know when we can stop by to discuss briefly.  I would like 
Tim to participate in the discussion as well.  He is out today meeting w/
GRE and will be back on Friday.
Thanks.  John 
PS - I could give you a quick update on Hubbard at that time also.
Martha, please print up and sign for me and send.  Thanks.  Robert--this is 
what I'm sending to Emma.  Nothing definite yet, but Soldano might have 
something soon.  I didn't want to raise expectations on that yet.   DF
Martha Benner
06/01/2000 07:34 AM
See attached.  One thing on the letter I am not sure on the procedure you 
used in interviewing her in Houston.  Will check on the VFT order when people 
start arriving this AM and I will get your mail sent overnight to you.  Talk 
with you later.
Martha
Yes.  Thanks.  DF
Drew,
I will be there. Will it be in your office?
Paul
Augie Shouse of V&E is coming over here at 3 tomorrow.  Dari, I'll dial you 
in.  Kent--do you want to be involved?  Paul, could you and Ted join us at 3 
to talk about the credit/guarantee issues?  Hopefully we'll know more by then 
about where TCEM is coming from.  DF
Lets talk about this tomorrow--obviously this changes the facts somewhat.  DF 
01/05/2000 12:34 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
01/05/2000 12:34 PM
01/05/2000 12:34 PM
I am obviously not y2k complaint.   The agreement does read as Charlie 
indicated 
? 2.3  TW shall own, operate and maintain facilities. "...capable of 
delivering no less than 200,000 MMBtu of gas per day..." and PG&E facilities 
"...capable of receiving no less than 200,000 MMBtu per day 
There are also pressure obligations - a minimum delivery pressure of 600 psig 
and a maximum of 700 psig 
otherwise, there are no volume restrictions 
Michel Nelson
01/04/2000 10:09 PM
Charlie is doing some more digging, but hasn't found anything in the 
operating agreement to limit us to 250/d yet (other than the July or August 
99 letter related to '250/d limits until all PCB issues are resolved 	
Mike,
At your request I reviewed the June 27, 1995 Operating Agreement between PG&E 
and TW looking for any volume commitments and found only the following 
reference:
? 2.3  TW shall own, operate and maintain facilities. "...capable of 
delivering no less than 200,000 MMBtu of gas per day..." and PG&E facilities 
"...capable of receiving no less than 200,000 MMBtu per day 
The Operating Agreement references an Interconnect Agreement between TW and 
PG&E dated 3/16/92.  It does not appear that the Operating Agreement canceled 
or superseded the Interconnect Agreement.  I am trying to find a copy of that 
Interconnect Agreement to see if any quantity language is in it.
Vig, do we have a certificate limit regarding the quantity we can deliver to 
PG&E at Topock?
Charlie
Just Jim's would be useful.  I'll let him know by cc.  Thanks 
06/02/2000 05:48 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
06/02/2000 05:48 PM
06/02/2000 05:48 PM
martah - would you put me on the weekly distribution list 
drew - any interset in seeing my lads updates??
Do you know anyone in ROW who could give me a sense of what ROW currently is 
going for in $/ mile, in New Mexico?  Please forward this to anyone you think 
might be able to give me some insight on recent right of way procurement by 
enron or others.   Thanks.  DF 
pls print .  thanks. DF 
Here is a new and improved draft of the jury charge.  Not much in the way of
substantive changes.
- 1Q_J01!.WPD
OK.  DF
Christine Stokes
06/05/2000 02:17 PM
REVISED CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Attached is a revised non-standard discount letter for Southwest Gas 
Corporation (SWG).  SWG shall enter into a 10 year agreement for 14,000 Dth/d 
of seasonal (November through March  period) capacity from Transwestern's  
East of Thoreau (EOT) Area to the Southwest Interconnect located in the East 
of California Area.  The $.10/Dth/d transportation rate shall increase 
annually by $.005/Dth/d for the term of the agreement.  Alternate receipt 
point rights shall be from Transwestern's EOT Area and from the Bloomfield 
Compressor.  SWG ROFR rights shall be waived.
Paragragh 6 has been revised.  Transwestern is proposing the ability to 
retain any capacity release revenues which SWG may realize for capacity 
released at rates above the applicable discounted transportation rated 
provided by Transwestern to SWG.  This paragraph now stipulates that in the 
event that the FERC does not grant Transwestern the ability to retain these 
defined revenues, then this provision, provided in Paragragh 6, shall be 
deleted and the remaining contractual agreement and applicable discount 
provisions agreed upon between Shipper and Transwestern shall be kept in 
place.
Please indicate your approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  All Officer approvals 
shall be faxed to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
I'd drop the dash in "rate-bid" but otherwise am OK.  Thanks. DF
Maria Pavlou
06/06/2000 02:51 AM
We have modified the last sentence of the rate paragraph on p. 3 and have 
added another sentence as follows:  The one-part rate bid shall be inclusive 
of all applicable reservation, commodity, and surcharges, and exclusive of 
applicable fuel.  The shipper with the accepted bid will be billed the 
product of the rate-bid and the total contract quantity for the term of the 
agreement 
Pls. provide any comments to me ASAP.  Thanks, Maria
Here it is.  Thanks. DF
Wayne Kubicek  In response to your request, I have attached the form of guaranty to be
issued by Sempra Energy.   . Wayne
- NNG Guaranty.doc
Great.  Thanks to you all for your careful work and patience.  DF
Maria Pavlou
06/06/2000 11:21 AM
This language is ok with Frank and Steve.  Thanks, Maria
Maria Pavlou
06/06/2000 11:02 AM
New language:  The one-part rate bid shall be inclusive of all applicable 
reservation charges, commodity charges, and the ACA surcharge, and exclusive 
of fuel.  There are no other surcharges.  The shipper with the accepted bid 
will be billed the product of the rate-bid and the total contract quantity 
for the term of the agreement.
Two answers:  1.  Just yourselves.  Sandra has laid in an excessive quantity 
of vittles and libations.  2.  Good idea.  Tryiing to launch an effort like 
that now would be a nightmare, but after Conoco, we'll have a lot of 
organizational work anyway.  Thanks.  df
Kathy Ringblom
06/12/2000 08:54 AM
#1 - Is there anything we can bring Saturday night?
#2 - Regarding the "record retention" problem, I was thinking that when this 
Conoco case is over, that might be a good time to go through all of the boxes 
we have pulled (probably close to 150) and weed out all of the stuff we don't 
need anymore  - which in the case of many of the boxes, may be the entire 
contents - instead of sending them all back to storage.  Maybe we could 
distribute copies of each department's record retention policy, figure out a 
way for the "owner" of the boxes' contents to come into the box room, review 
them and make a decision at that time 
I don't think I gave you George Briden's number in my voice mail today.  Its 
401-934-1433.  Just out of curiosity, please let me know if they are as eager 
to move forward as George said they were.  Thanks. DF 
If that's all we need commercially, I'm fine with it.  I'd be more 
enthusiastic if we thought that their removal of the protest would clear up 
all FERC's issues and result in cancellation of the tech. conf. and prompt 
approval of the filing, but I suspect that is too much to ask for.  DF 
Phil Richardson and Sarah Tomalty of Dynegy say that they would probably 
(i.e. subject to management approval) withdraw their protest if we would 
amend our proposed tariff language to limit the quantity of capacity we can 
acquire from PNM to 20,000/day.  Their chief concern is to prevent TW from 
becoming simply a broker for another pipeline's capacity (which has never 
been our intention).  Lorraine is discussing this with Steve to see whether 
this is something we could live with.  The Commission has expressed the same 
concern in the past, so this might make them more comfortable with our 
proposal too.  Comments?  let me know 
Carmen, please print out memo and attachment.  Thanbks. DF
Virginia O'Neill
01/06/2000 08:06 AM
Bill Cordes
01/06/2000 07:47 AM
Please forward to ET&S officers.
Stanley Horton
01/05/2000 05:08 PM
Sent by: Cindy Stark
Okay...my first mistake already!   SORRY!    Here's the attachment.
We do in fact have a lot of captive markets.  I don't have a problem with S&P=20
saying that, although I wouldn't want Enron saying it too often.  In general=20
I'm OK.  Thanks. DF
=20
=09
=09
I have a little discomfort with the reference a couple of times, that our=20
customers have no options.  If used and published this could impact us on our=20
argument related to risk of market.  Drew, what do you think??  MK
=20
=09
=09
Tim Despain  received a draft copy of S&P annual review from the S&P rep.  He=20
was given the opportunity to comment on the draft.  The annual review will be=20
an S&P analysis, not an Enron release.  Dave Neubauer didn't change the=20
wording much from the original S&P draft, but his changes improved the=20
original draft.  Here's how it looked before his edits:
Northern Natural Gas Company:
=01(Northern Natural is a huge pipeline system that dominates gas deliveries in=20
Minnesota and parts of Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, and South Dakota.  The=20
system=01,s above-average business profile reflects the only moderate amount of=20
direct pipeline competition the company faces in its service area.  The=20
upper-Midwest is a particularly cold region that uses a lot of natural gas,=20
and Northern Natural=01,s customers (mainly gas utilities and municipalities)=20
have little options for other fuels.  Thus, the pipeline is in a strong=20
position to maintain existing sales and garner any new load.  Throughput=20
growth has been modest.  Although there is some ongoing recontracting risk as=20
firm transportation service contracts expire, most customers have no other=20
options other than Northern Natural.  Competition for at-risk capacity is=20
stiff, given the excess pipe capacity available on the other Midwest=20
pipelines and the new pipeline construction in the Midwest.  Northern Natural=01,
s cost structure is very competitive.  A major rate case was settled in 1999=20
that extended many firm contracts with most of its customers.
If anyone has further comments, I would suggest sending them directly to Tim=20
Despain.
Gina Taylor@EES
06/13/2000 09:45 AM
Bob,
Good Morning!
This write-up made it back to me for my reveiw.  Has Mary Kay Miller reviewed=20
this?  And what about Scott Vonderheide in Investor Relations?  I think both=20
of these groups need to sign off on this.
Gina
Deb Cappiello@
06/13/2000 08:29 AM
This is what Dave Neubauer sent to Schafer.  Just wanted to make sure you are=20
ok with that.  Please give me a call after you review.  Thanks.
Dave Neubauer
06/12/2000 05:41 PM
Here is Dave Neubauer's revised draft for NNG's section of the S&P report:
Northern Natural Gas Company:
Northern Natural is a large pipeline system that provides gas deliveries into=20
Minnesota and parts of Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, and South Dakota.  The=20
system=01,s above-average business profile reflects only a moderate amount of=20
direct pipeline competition. The upper-Midwest is a particularly cold region=20
with heavy natural gas usage. Although throughput growth has been modest,=20
many of Northern Natural=01,s customers (mainly gas utilities and=20
municipalities) do not have dual fuel capabilities.  This allows Northern=20
Natural to maintain existing sales and garner any new load. Competition for=20
at-risk capacity is stiff, given the excess pipe capacity available and under=20
construction on other Midwest pipelines. Northern has some ongoing=20
recontracting risk over the next five to seven years, but maintains a very=20
competitive cost structure.  A major rate case was settled in 1999 that=20
extended many firm contracts with most of its customers.
Great.
FYI
SETO@Dynegy.com on 06/15/2000 02:18:08 PM
(See attached file: rp00-249.now.set.doc)
This is what I plan to file today.
- rp00-249.now.set.doc
pls print with attachments.  thanks. df
John M Rose@_DEVELOPMENT
06/15/2000 06:53 PM
Bill,
Yesterday, we decided to look at two options for Pueblo; a 60 MW case and a 
140 MW case.  In order to match these outputs as closely as possible with 
available equipment, I made the following selections:
Case 1
Equipment     3 X GE LM 2500 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 22 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   67 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  73.4 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  8170 Btu/kWh (HHV)
Case 2
Equipment     3 X GE LM 6000 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 44 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   130 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  143.7 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  7900 Btu/kWh (HHV)
There is a wide fluctuation in ambient temperature in Albuquerque and I sized 
the blocks based on 95 deg F but used the annual average output at 60 deg F 
for estimating power sales.  I have attached files that show the build-up of 
the estimated EPC price for the plants. 
The required power prices are projected in a simple-minded economics file 
attached.  The projections are based on:
70% debt financing at 10% rate.
10-year project and debt life.
8500 hours per year at average output (97% capacity factor).
Gas at $4.40/MMBtu.
The results turn out pretty much as anticipated.  Even with the larger plant, 
we'd have to sell the power for over 6c/kWh.
Give me a yell when you are ready to call Golub back--he's an old Baker and 
Botts colleague of mine and I'd like to be on the call just to say hi Thanks. DF
Spoke with PNM's counsel (Jay Golub) this morning.  He recognizes that PNM 
needs to get the relevant info to FERC in some form or fashion and would like 
us to tell him who at FERC is assigned to this proceeding so that he can talk 
with them, find out what exactly they need, etc.  He said they would probably 
be willing to send FERC something in writing if it might eliminate the need 
for a technical conference.  Donna--as I've indicated in my voice mail to 
you, just let me know who Jay needs to contact, and I'll call him back Thanks.
Drew, Susan, Frank K/Steve S.   can we have Donna check next Monday after 
Dynegy has withdrawn, whether we still need the Tech Conf 
FYI
SETO@Dynegy.com on 06/15/2000 02:18:08 PM
(See attached file: rp00-249.now.set.doc)
This is what I plan to file today.
- rp00-249.now.set.doc
Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a 
pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently 
configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of 
observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" 
section of his memo:
1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a 
killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price 
someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to 
support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities 
available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by 
transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system   
2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD 
electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all 
assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell 
surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. 
restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was 
remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 
1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 
60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant 
only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that 
arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds 
some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 
30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the 
capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?
3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand 
charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output 
into the grid only when profit opportunities arose 
4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by 
signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what 
the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility 
and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit 
opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or 
would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and 
reward 
John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a 
way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the 
project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our 
information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable 
economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis 
in Steve's memo, however 
Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions DF  
Stephen Thome@ECT
06/16/2000 06:12 PM
John's proposed plant costs are consistent with what we have seen for our 
ongoing LM6000 development.   I have priced 130 MW at Four Corners  assuming 
Permian gas plus 50 cents for transport.  This also assumes $4.70 per MWh for 
O&M and an 8000 heat rate.
For an hourly 7x24 product, the intrinsic value of the gas-power swap is 
$52.5 million on a 20 year deal, well below the $108 million estimate of 
constructing the facility.  A ten year swap is worth only $42 million (NPV -66 m ).  That implies a market mid-price of $34 per MWh levelized over the 
period 
Using the ENA Power and Gas structuring model and curves, we can determine 
the following:
1.  New build gas turbines cannot compete against the New Mexico market on 
price 2.  LM6000 CCGT efficiency gain does not pay for HRSG and ST over a ten year 
period.
However:
1.  Transmission constraints could create market value in Albuquerque that 
does not exist at Four Corners.
2.  ENA's power prices typically undersell the market.
3.  Commodity pricing does not accurately value capacity or reliability in 
constrained markets.
If Enron wants to do a deal in Albuquerque, we should be selling capacity and 
reliability.  Given the number of power- critical industries in the area, we 
could look at siting several remote units at different locations in the 
city.  Numerous chip manufacturing facilities and the Kirtland base could 
support several LM6000's for power reliability that is specific to their 
installations 
I might also suggest that peaking units would have advantages over CCGT 
units.  Existing generation already provides ample baseload supply, however, 
the production of peak and intermediate energy is not necessarily well suited 
to existing units.  LM6000's have exceptionally good ramp rates that provide 
real value to a utility customer.  Not only can the HRSG/ST hinder the 
flexibility of the units, it can add substantial capital and operating 
expense with little real market benefit 
We should also explore the ability to schedule load.  If the DOE wants to 
peak for a test, would it be willing or able to schedule a test for the 
off-peak hours?  Under those circumstances, we might be able to cut them a 
break on power and provide reliability of supply 
Steve Thome
503-464-3708
John M Rose@_DEVELOPMENT
06/15/2000 06:53 PM
Bill,
Yesterday, we decided to look at two options for Pueblo; a 60 MW case and a 
140 MW case.  In order to match these outputs as closely as possible with 
available equipment, I made the following selections:
Case 1
Equipment     3 X GE LM 2500 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 22 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   67 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  73.4 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  8170 Btu/kWh (HHV)
Case 2
Equipment     3 X GE LM 6000 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 44 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   130 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  143.7 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  7900 Btu/kWh (HHV)
There is a wide fluctuation in ambient temperature in Albuquerque and I sized 
the blocks based on 95 deg F but used the annual average output at 60 deg F 
for estimating power sales.  I have attached files that show the build-up of 
the estimated EPC price for the plants. 
The required power prices are projected in a simple-minded economics file 
attached.  The projections are based on:
70% debt financing at 10% rate.
10-year project and debt life.
8500 hours per year at average output (97% capacity factor).
Gas at $4.40/MMBtu.
The results turn out pretty much as anticipated.  Even with the larger plant, 
we'd have to sell the power for over 6c/kWh.
Ha!  I appreciate the complement but I like my current job just fine--all I 
have to do is crap on a contract now and then and argue with Mary Kay all day 
long.  Piece of cake!  DF
Steven Harris
06/19/2000 10:53 AM
Excellent questions! Are you sure you don't want a job in the Commercial 
Group? You talent as a deal maker is definitely underutilized.
Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a 
pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently 
configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of 
observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" 
section of his memo:
1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a 
killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price 
someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to 
support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities 
available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by 
transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system   
2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD 
electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all 
assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell 
surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. 
restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was 
remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 
1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 
60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant 
only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that 
arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds 
some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 
30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the 
capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?
3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand 
charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output 
into the grid only when profit opportunities arose 
4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by 
signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what 
the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility 
and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit 
opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or 
would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and 
reward 
John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a 
way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the 
project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our 
information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable 
economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis 
in Steve's memo, however 
Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions DF  
Stephen Thome@ECT
06/16/2000 06:12 PM
John's proposed plant costs are consistent with what we have seen for our 
ongoing LM6000 development.   I have priced 130 MW at Four Corners  assuming 
Permian gas plus 50 cents for transport.  This also assumes $4.70 per MWh for 
O&M and an 8000 heat rate.
For an hourly 7x24 product, the intrinsic value of the gas-power swap is 
$52.5 million on a 20 year deal, well below the $108 million estimate of 
constructing the facility.  A ten year swap is worth only $42 million (NPV -66 m ).  That implies a market mid-price of $34 per MWh levelized over the 
period 
Using the ENA Power and Gas structuring model and curves, we can determine 
the following:
1.  New build gas turbines cannot compete against the New Mexico market on 
price 2.  LM6000 CCGT efficiency gain does not pay for HRSG and ST over a ten year 
period.
However:
1.  Transmission constraints could create market value in Albuquerque that 
does not exist at Four Corners.
2.  ENA's power prices typically undersell the market.
3.  Commodity pricing does not accurately value capacity or reliability in 
constrained markets.
If Enron wants to do a deal in Albuquerque, we should be selling capacity and 
reliability.  Given the number of power- critical industries in the area, we 
could look at siting several remote units at different locations in the 
city.  Numerous chip manufacturing facilities and the Kirtland base could 
support several LM6000's for power reliability that is specific to their 
installations 
I might also suggest that peaking units would have advantages over CCGT 
units.  Existing generation already provides ample baseload supply, however, 
the production of peak and intermediate energy is not necessarily well suited 
to existing units.  LM6000's have exceptionally good ramp rates that provide 
real value to a utility customer.  Not only can the HRSG/ST hinder the 
flexibility of the units, it can add substantial capital and operating 
expense with little real market benefit 
We should also explore the ability to schedule load.  If the DOE wants to 
peak for a test, would it be willing or able to schedule a test for the 
off-peak hours?  Under those circumstances, we might be able to cut them a 
break on power and provide reliability of supply 
Steve Thome
503-464-3708
John M Rose@_DEVELOPMENT
06/15/2000 06:53 PM
Bill,
Yesterday, we decided to look at two options for Pueblo; a 60 MW case and a 
140 MW case.  In order to match these outputs as closely as possible with 
available equipment, I made the following selections:
Case 1
Equipment     3 X GE LM 2500 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 22 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   67 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  73.4 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  8170 Btu/kWh (HHV)
Case 2
Equipment     3 X GE LM 6000 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 44 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   130 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  143.7 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  7900 Btu/kWh (HHV)
There is a wide fluctuation in ambient temperature in Albuquerque and I sized 
the blocks based on 95 deg F but used the annual average output at 60 deg F 
for estimating power sales.  I have attached files that show the build-up of 
the estimated EPC price for the plants. 
The required power prices are projected in a simple-minded economics file 
attached.  The projections are based on:
70% debt financing at 10% rate.
10-year project and debt life.
8500 hours per year at average output (97% capacity factor).
Gas at $4.40/MMBtu.
The results turn out pretty much as anticipated.  Even with the larger plant, 
we'd have to sell the power for over 6c/kWh.
It's against my nature, but I'm getting pretty close to giving up.  Attached 
is a draft letter to Langley punting the project.  I've tried to sugar coat 
it as much as possible so he doesn't get pissed off and automatically go to 
El Paso if he does somehow get the project built.  The letter is based on the 
assumption that we will call them first to explain where we are.   Also, I've 
assumed that we won't send Dennis any of the data from EE&CC or ENA.  I think 
we can chat generally on the phone and give them the ballpark results without 
actually sending the schedules to him.  Please give me a call so we can help 
Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.  (did you notice how I 
disappear when things start to go south?)  Talk to you soon.  DF
pls print up on letterhead and format correctly for me to send out.  thanks df
Great--Steve, what's your phone no. ?  The operator didn't have it and I'd 
like to talk for a few minutes on this.  Thanks. DF
Stephen Thome@ECT
06/20/2000 04:20 PM
Here are some peaker data points:
Two LM6000's in simple cycle configuration can be installed for between $43 m 
and $50 m, providing a total of 80 MW.  Looking at a 10 year deal, there is 
no way to recoup this value and ENA would not be willing to take the back 10 
years on its books without an offtaker.  If EES or DOE were willing to step 
up for 20 years, there might be an opportunity.   Assuming a 9700 heat rate, 
$3 per MWh O&M, and NYMEX plus $0.39 for gas, the spread option for a peaker 
at 4 Corners would be worth between $33 m and $47 m.  The first number 
represents the intrinsic value, and the second is inclusive of an option 
premium.  ENA's desk (EPMI) would pay somewhere in between.  Having just 
inquired with the desk regarding their appetite for taking positions (short 
65 MW, long 80 MW) in Albuquerque, they were luke warm.  Considering 
transmission constraints into Albuquerque, their bid offer spread might run 
the range of the extrinsic value on the 65 MW load 
Depending on site conditions (available infrastructure), a barebones LM6000 
plant could make economic sense.  The plant host would likely need to pay 
some sort of premium for generation reliability.  EES could sell fixed priced 
energy with a reliability premium to the DOE.  ENA would back-to-back the EES 
contract, managing market price risk and economically optimizing the 
peaker 
As a stand-alone market play, a peaker is marginal at best.  By receiving 
value for reliability, the project might have merit.  Based on the thin 
margins, I am skeptical that we would want to build a plant larger than the 
host's load... that is more MW than that amount on which we could expect to 
receive some sort of demand charge.  Ultimately, the demand charge needs to 
make up the shortfall between EPMI's swap value and the cost of the plant.
Steve
Thanks for the extremely helpful analysis Steve and John.  I'm getting a 
pretty clear sense that this project isn't going anywhere as it is currently 
configured.  Just to satisfy myself, though, let me throw out a couple of 
observations for the group to react to, along the lines of Steve's "However" 
section of his memo:
1.  Running this thing as a baseload unit won't work.  The fuel cost is a 
killer.  However, I keep thinking about the $200/mwh 4 Corners spot price 
someone mentioned on the phone.   Is there enough volatility at 4 Corners to 
support a peaking merchant plant?  How often are those types of opportunities 
available, and could a power plant in Alb. capture that upside by 
transporting power to 4 Corners over PNMs system   
2.  We have been assuming that the power plant should be a baseload plant Someone on the phone last week had some numbers indicating that the DOE/DOD 
electric load at Kirtland had a fairly high load factor.  I think we have all 
assumed further that the plant should run at a high load factor to sell 
surplus power into the grid (either at 4 Corners or, after N.M. elec. 
restructuring, into the Alb. area).   I just found the numbers I was 
remembering on the conf. call--1998 peak load was 63.6 mw, and total annual 
1998 consumption was 334.5 million Kwh.  By my lawyer-math, that is about a 
60% load factor for DOE.  If the DOE load is only 60% L.F., and the plant 
only generates surplus power when it can capture profit opportunities that 
arise when the market clearing price at 4 Corners or in Albuquerque exceeds 
some benchmark rate ($.05/Kwh?  $.10/Kwh?  higher?)  the plant might run at a 
30-40% load factor on an annual basis.  The question is can we reduce the 
capital cost significantly by building a peaker instead of a baseload unit?
3.  Could we get debt financing for a 140 mw plant that had a baseload demand 
charge contract for only 65 mw (i.e., DOE) but sold the rest of its output 
into the grid only when profit opportunities arose 
4.  If the answer to 3. is no, would ENA backstop the debt financing by 
signing a demand charge contract for all surplus power over and above what 
the government needs?   At what price?  Based on its knowledge of volatility 
and profit opportunities currently available at 4 Corners, and future profit 
opportunities that will be available in Albuq. is that just a dumb bet, or 
would ENA get interested if someone else (i.e., DOE) split the risk and 
reward 
John, how much of the information in your analysis could be sanitized in a 
way that we could provide it to Dennis Langley?  If we pull the plug on the 
project, I'd like to be in a position that we could let him in on some of our 
information on why the turbines we would use can't provide acceptable 
economics.  I don't expect that we'd want to disclose the swap value analysis 
in Steve's memo, however 
Thanks again, and I'd appreciate anyone's reaction to the above questions DF  
Stephen Thome@ECT
06/16/2000 06:12 PM
John's proposed plant costs are consistent with what we have seen for our 
ongoing LM6000 development.   I have priced 130 MW at Four Corners  assuming 
Permian gas plus 50 cents for transport.  This also assumes $4.70 per MWh for 
O&M and an 8000 heat rate.
For an hourly 7x24 product, the intrinsic value of the gas-power swap is 
$52.5 million on a 20 year deal, well below the $108 million estimate of 
constructing the facility.  A ten year swap is worth only $42 million (NPV -66 m ).  That implies a market mid-price of $34 per MWh levelized over the 
period 
Using the ENA Power and Gas structuring model and curves, we can determine 
the following:
1.  New build gas turbines cannot compete against the New Mexico market on 
price 2.  LM6000 CCGT efficiency gain does not pay for HRSG and ST over a ten year 
period.
However:
1.  Transmission constraints could create market value in Albuquerque that 
does not exist at Four Corners.
2.  ENA's power prices typically undersell the market.
3.  Commodity pricing does not accurately value capacity or reliability in 
constrained markets.
If Enron wants to do a deal in Albuquerque, we should be selling capacity and 
reliability.  Given the number of power- critical industries in the area, we 
could look at siting several remote units at different locations in the 
city.  Numerous chip manufacturing facilities and the Kirtland base could 
support several LM6000's for power reliability that is specific to their 
installations 
I might also suggest that peaking units would have advantages over CCGT 
units.  Existing generation already provides ample baseload supply, however, 
the production of peak and intermediate energy is not necessarily well suited 
to existing units.  LM6000's have exceptionally good ramp rates that provide 
real value to a utility customer.  Not only can the HRSG/ST hinder the 
flexibility of the units, it can add substantial capital and operating 
expense with little real market benefit 
We should also explore the ability to schedule load.  If the DOE wants to 
peak for a test, would it be willing or able to schedule a test for the 
off-peak hours?  Under those circumstances, we might be able to cut them a 
break on power and provide reliability of supply 
Steve Thome
503-464-3708
John M Rose@_DEVELOPMENT
06/15/2000 06:53 PM
Bill,
Yesterday, we decided to look at two options for Pueblo; a 60 MW case and a 
140 MW case.  In order to match these outputs as closely as possible with 
available equipment, I made the following selections:
Case 1
Equipment     3 X GE LM 2500 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 22 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   67 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  73.4 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  8170 Btu/kWh (HHV)
Case 2
Equipment     3 X GE LM 6000 Gas Turbine Generators with Heat Recovery and 1 
X 44 MW Steam Turbine Generator
Output at 95 deg F & 5000 ft   130 MW
Output at avg. conditions (60 deg F)  143.7 MW
Heat Rate at avg. conditions  7900 Btu/kWh (HHV)
There is a wide fluctuation in ambient temperature in Albuquerque and I sized 
the blocks based on 95 deg F but used the annual average output at 60 deg F 
for estimating power sales.  I have attached files that show the build-up of 
the estimated EPC price for the plants. 
The required power prices are projected in a simple-minded economics file 
attached.  The projections are based on:
70% debt financing at 10% rate.
10-year project and debt life.
8500 hours per year at average output (97% capacity factor).
Gas at $4.40/MMBtu.
The results turn out pretty much as anticipated.  Even with the larger plant, 
we'd have to sell the power for over 6c/kWh.
This is horrible.  In all my years in DC I don't remember any administration 
official (let alone a cabinet member) getting trashed this badly except maybe 
Ollie North during Iran Contra.  Tino, lets add this to the list of issues we 
need to jointly think through.  DF
Lorraine Lindberg
06/21/2000 02:24 PM
Richardson says FBI has determined drives did not leave Los Alamos
June 21, 2000 
Web posted at: 3:00 PM EDT (1900 GMT) 
By Ian Christopher McCaleb/CNN
WASHINGTON -- Two highly sensitive computer hard drives that were missing 
from the Los Alamos National Laboratories earlier this year never left the 
premises, and the FBI has uncovered no hints of espionage in the case, Energy 
Secretary Bill Richardson told a Senate committee Wednesday. 
Energy Secretary Bill Richardson  
The two hard drives, each smaller than a deck of playing cards, held vital 
nuclear weapons secrets and were stored in a secured vault at the storied New 
Mexico nuclear weapons laboratory. 
In a statement opening a lengthy and touchy hearing of Senate Armed Services 
Committee, Richardson said: "Based upon the investigation by the FBI so far, 
there is no evidence of espionage, nor is there evidence the drives have ever 
left Los Alamos 
Richardson added that the FBI seems to be on the verge of reconstructing what 
happened to the drives, saying, "Latent fingerprints were found on the scene, 
and on the external wrappings of the drives themselves 
The FBI continues to comb the "crime scene" -- a room housing a copy machine 
-- and a grand jury has been convened, Richardson said, punctuating his 
statement with a declaration that a handful of so-called Los Alamos 
"X-Division" employees have offered conflicting statements to investigators. 
The secretary speculated that the disappearance of the hard drives may have 
been an unintentional mistake by a lab employee, who feared coming forward 
when alarms were raised. 
"I will not take (disciplinary) action until I have all the facts before me he said, vowing, "I will not rest until I know what happened -- when, where, 
why and by whom 
The FBI has said the drives disappeared "at the tail-end of March of this 
year, March 28," Richardson said. Should the FBI's timeline prove correct, 
reports issued at the beginning of this week that the drives have been 
missing since January could be called into question. 
The two hard drives were discovered missing on May 7, when weapons scientists 
took an inventory of the drives stored within a vault at the laboratory's 
X-Division as a massive wildfire approached the facility. The section is 
perhaps the most sensitive area of the facility, and is where the most 
classified nuclear weapons research, design and development is undertaken. 
The scientists had been tasked with checking to assure that all of the 
division's drives were safely within the vault in the event that the lab 
would have to be evacuated. An evacuation was ordered the next day because of 
the fire threat, but no one reported the drives missing until May 31, 
sparking a massive search of the area -- and deep anger in Washington. 
The drives contain vital information on the makeup of U.S., Russian, Chinese 
and French nuclear weapons. They mysteriously reappeared last Friday in a 
room at the lab that already had been searched several times. 
Richardson taken to task early, and often
Richardson's pledge to bring accountability to bear on those responsible for 
the missing drives was met with cold stares from committee members of both 
parties. Members of the Senate have awaited the secretary's appearance for 
several days, after he last week declined an opportunity to offer Senate 
testimony, saying he wanted to wait until he had more information. 
Sen. Strom Thurmond  
The safety of weapons secrets has dogged Richardson for much of his tenure as 
Energy Secretary. During his watch, Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee was 
removed from his position amid charges of spying. He has been formally 
charged with mishandling classified information -- not espionage -- and 
awaits trial. 
Members of Congress have also raised red flags over the reported sale of 
computers once used at the Savannah River nuclear weapons facility in 
Augusta, Georgia. Those computers, two senators intimated Wednesday, may have 
once contained classified information that could have been reconstructed by 
their new owners. 
Sen. Strom Thurmond (R-South Carolina) suggested at Wednesday's hearings that 
some of the Savannah River computers may have been sold to the People's 
Republic of China. 
Sen. John Warner  
In his opening statement, Armed Services Chairman John Warner (R-Virginia) 
lined Richardson himself up for accountability, saying that although 
Richardson has worked to change the security culture at the Energy Department 
and the national laboratories, ultimately, responsibility for ongoing lapses 
rests with him. 
"Mr. Secretary," Warner said directly to Richardson, "On June 23rd of last 
year you told this committee, in this room: 'The secretary of Energy,' and I 
quote you, '...must be accountable and must be responsible" for such security 
failures. 
" ... We are holding you accountable," Warner said. "These incidents happened 
on your watch. Like the captain of a ship, you must bear full 
accountability 
Appearing at the hearing, Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Alabama), chairman of the 
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, repeated his earlier calls for 
Richardson's resignation, saying, "I think it's time for you to go 
Harsher still was the criticism leveled by Sen. Robert Byrd (D-West 
Virginia), a member of Richardson's own party, who said Richardson's pledges 
to get to the bottom of the case would not sway the opinion of the Senate, 
whose trust he had lost permanently. 
Sen. Richard Shelby  
"The horse is out of the barn," Byrd said. Referring to Richardson's refusal 
to testify last week, Byrd said, "You've waited and shown contempt of 
Congress that borders on supreme arrogance 
Speaking directly to Richardson, a one-time congressman and former Ambassador 
to the United Nations, Byrd said, "You had a bright and brilliant career, but 
you will never again receive the support of the U.S. Senate for any office 
you seek. You have squandered your treasure 
Richardson, who at times looked stunned by the tone taken by many committee 
members, sought to defend himself -- arguing that he wanted to have "all the 
facts" in hand before making a congressional appearance. He added that he had 
made vast changes in the security culture at the department and in the 
nation's weapons laboratories, and had put off a good many longtime employees 
as a consequence. 
"I've been excoriated, but if you go into the scientific and academic 
community, I am driving scientists away." He also said he has been accused of 
racism in the Wen Ho Lee case, and has had to battle members of own party who 
saw regular polygraph tests for employees as a violation of civil rights. 
Sen. James Inhofe (R-Oklahoma) suggested that the "captain of the ship" 
wasn't Richardson, but President Bill Clinton, who Inhofe said was 
responsible for a variety of security policy changes and leaks to the media 
that have led to a relaxed, careless attitude among those charged with 
overseeing the nation's weapons secrets. 
'Serious loss of control over classified information'
Also appearing before the panel was Dr. John Browne, director of the Los 
Alamos facility. 
Dr. John Browne  
Browne, while attempting to illustrate for panel members -- with charts just how difficult it is to gain access to the X-Division, admitted that his 
security operatives have lost control over how classified information is 
handled -- mainly because there is no set procedure to determine who handled 
much of the material and when. 
"This is not an environment one can easily get into," he said. 
Still, Browne said, "there is a serious loss of control over classified 
information at my laboratory," adding, perhaps for the benefit of committee 
members, that he had "no knowledge that the information has been compromised 
or tampered with. 
"From a national security perspective, these are positive indications 
Richardson was congratulated by Sen. Pete Domenici (R-New Mexico) for ceding 
all weapons security issues to a newly confirmed director of a 
semi-autonomous agency formed to assess and reformulate all security 
procedures. 
Sen. Pete Domenici  
Air Force Gen. John Gordon, confirmed by the Senate to helm the agency but 
not as yet sworn into the post, will report to Richardson, but will not be 
directed by anyone else at the Energy Department. 
The Senate had held up Gordon's confirmation for months for unspecified 
reasons, but he was unanimously confirmed last week after news of the hard 
drives' disappearance was released. 
"The best thing you could do to leave a legacy for America in terms of 
nuclear weapons is to [get this agency operational]," Domenici said, scolding 
Richardson not to engage in any "dual-hatting," and let Gordon make the 
changes he needs to make. 
Warner was less congratulatory, warning Richardson outright that he must 
honor the 1999 law creating the agency and allow it to go about its business 
unfettered. 
The panel closed its session to the public and members of the media just 
after noon on Wednesday so specifics of the case could be discussed. Domenici 
predicted earlier in the day that a closed session would yield much more in 
the way of disturbing information. 
"We could go into a closed session, and you wouldn't believe the things you'd 
hear in there," he said. "These things have to be corrected too 
When proceedings ended at mid-afternoon, Richardson told reporters he just 
wanted "to do his job" and conclude the investigation. He said the fallout 
from the security breach was "too political," adding, "I did not utter one 
partisan word in that committee 
'Conflicting statements'
Initially, Air Force Gen. Eugene Habiger, the Energy Department's top 
security officer, and Los Alamos Lab Director John Browne said in 
congressional testimony that a scientist had reported seeing the two devices 
in the vault on April 7, a month before they were found missing and seven 
weeks before senior lab officials were notified. 
Gen. Eugene Habiger  
But sources familiar with the investigation told CNN on Tuesday that this 
account has come under suspicion because of "conflicting statements" made 
during interviews and polygraph tests. 
Another individual has told investigators he went into the vault on April 27 
and would have noticed if they had been missing then, but does not recall 
actually seeing them. 
What's clear, said Goss, is that there was inadequate tracking on paper of 
the use of the two drives, which belonged to an emergency nuclear response 
team. Members of the team, known as NEST, have been the focus of the FBI 
criminal investigation. The team is trained to be ready to find and disarm a 
nuclear device on short notice. 
The disks, or drives, are designed for use in a laptop computer and are part 
of an emergency response "kit" available to team members 
All 26 individuals who had unescorted access to the vault have been given 
polygraph tests, according to Richardson. 
Browne, the lab's director, has testified that security rules for the 
tracking of items classified as secret were eased government-wide in 1992 to 
reduce the cost of handling the large amount of documents carrying this 
designation. 
In early 1993 it was extended by then-President Bush to government 
contractors such as the University of California, which runs the Los Alamos 
lab. The policy was continued by the Clinton administration. 
The President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board a year ago cited 
inadequate tracking of secret nuclear materials in a stinging rebuke of 
security at the Energy Department and its weapons labs. 
While the current Los Alamos security break likely did not involve espionage, 
"in some ways it's worse," former Sen. Warren Rudman, chairman of the 
advisory board, said in an interview. "Espionage is very hard to guard 
against. You win some and lose some. Here you've got a situation where there 
is just sloppy accountability and record keeping 
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
RELATED STORIES 
Timeline on missing Los Alamos hard drives in question(6-20-00)
Bush on Los Alamos: 'I will bring this sorry chapter to a close' (6-18-00)
Los Alamos lab director: Hard drives may have reappeared to cover 
crime(6-17-00)
Missing nuclear secrets found behind Los Alamos copy machine (6-16-00)
Senate hearing examines loss of nuclear secrets at Los Alamos lab (6-14-00)
Secret nuclear information missing from Los Alamos lab (06-12-00)
Conflicting opinions on Los Alamos fire heard on Capitol Hill(06-07-00)
EPA: Data indicates no fire-unleashed radiation at Los Alamos 
Fire moves onto Los Alamos nuclear lab property; 14,000 area residents 
evacuated 
FBI told Taiwan-born physicist he failed polygraph exam that he passed 
RELATED SITES 
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Department of Energy
House Committee on Commerce: 106th Congress
University of California, Berkeley
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Atomic Energy Act and Related Legislation
Scientific Freedom and National Security
MORE STORIES:
Please print this memo and attachment for me--I couldn't get it to print Thanks  DF
Attached please find a draft response to GPM's comments in the ENA deal Please let me have your suggestions.  Thank you.  Dari
pls print.  thanks df
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
Yeah--EMC is the best investment I ever made--I only wish I had put in 
100000k instead of 1k.  Check this email out--one of our guys got it from 
someone at one of our competitors.  Enron is known as the "evil empire" in 
the energy bidness.  DF 
C  Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 06/22/2000 
01:43 PM 	
I got this from outside the company.  Thought you might be interested.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Today Enron and Hades announced a definitive energy services agreement
said to be worth an estimated $666 Trillion.  In the deal, Enron will
provide both gas and electric commodities to Hades' facilities throughout
and under North America.  John D. Rockefeller, former CEO of energy
monopolist
Standard Oil, is now head of Hades' energy management division.  Said
Rockefeller, "Obviously Hell has significant heating demands.  While eternal
flames are a great idea in concept, they require vast and reliable fuel
resources.  Enron was the only supplier willing to make a deal with my
boss, and, as a former monopolist, I just
like the way they do business."  A spokesperson for Enron said the two
cultures were able to work easily together during negotiations.  According
to the company, "The deal fits both companies exceptionally well.  With
Hades' ability to attract and retain new customers, we see this as a
fabulous
growth opportunity for millennia to come."  According to several energy
industry insiders, Hades' high heating demand with very little need for
summer air conditioning make it a very attractive energy portfolio addition.
Hades is a multinational corporation with millions of sites worldwide
and approximately 173 quintillion customers.  The entity boasts sustained
high growth rates over the last two thousand years.  Enron is one of the
world's leading energy and communications companies.  The company owns
approximately $37 billion in energy and communications assets.  Enron
ranks in the top quarter of Fortune's "Best 100 Companies to Work For
if You Can Keep A Job There and Don't Mind Working 80 Hours A Week," and
is among the most respected corporations in America, as ranked by customers
with respect-us-or-get-curtailed clauses in their energy supply contracts.
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
I reviewed the latest draft of AA's management rep. letter and caught a few  
innaccuracies in the way AA described the deal.  I attach a revised draft of 
the letter, with a redline version to highlight for you the changes I think 
we need to make to keep it accurate.  First, AA only listed two of the four 
agreements that comprise the deal.  They apparently forgot that we had 
created a second SBA.  Additionally, at Transcanada's request, we put the 
transaction fee into a separate letter agreement this year.  You will recall 
that last year, Sempra wanted the transaction fee put right in the SBA 
Second, AA's bullet no. 4, as originally drafted, states that Northern does 
not intend to enter into an option to purchase any base gas during the term 
of the agreement.  That statement is confusing given that Article VI.B of the 
Monthly Pack Agreement includes an account balance cash out mechanism that is 
a form of purchase option.  That cash out mechanism was in Kent's bullets 
describing the deal and has been in every draft of the documents that AA 
looked at, so I assume they are OK with the mechanism and were just inartful 
in drafting bullet no. 4.   My simple fix was to leave AA's language alone 
but to add an "except for" reference at the beginning of bullet no. 4 
Third, AA's draft of bullet nos. 5 and 6 includes the somewhat ambiguous 
references to "other agreements" and "additional agreements" respectively Since AA's list of the agreements in the intro paragraph was incomplete, 
these references in bullet nos. 5 and 6 were also innacurate.  Now that I 
have made the list of agreements in the intro paragraph complete, I've 
clarified the bullets by adding the "other than those agreements referenced 
above" language to both bullets.  The couple of other changes in bullet 5 
simply clarify the meaning 
Finally, I've modified the signature blocks per conversation with Bill to 
delete MKM and myself.  I am certainly willing and able to sign this letter, 
but MKM is not up to speed on the deal and has not reviewed the agreements Getting her up to speed enough to sign the letter would take some time Additionally, Bill's thought was that MKM and I are his direct reports 
anyway, so it doesn't serve much purpose to have the subordinates sign if the 
top guy has signed 
Please give me a call if you have any questions or want to discuss these 
matters. 
fyi.  this is fine with me--pls remind me.  df
Sent by: Enron Announcements
The use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past few=20
years.  As a result the Accounts Payable department has seen a rapid increase=20
in the number of invoices and vendors.  With the higher volume, we have=20
reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle.
Although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual=20
employees, they often mail invoices directly to Accounts Payable.  At times=20
they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone.  In these=20
cases we return the invoice to the vendor.  If the employee is designated, we=20
try to track him/her down and forward the invoice.  The high level of=20
employee movement among jobs and locations at Enron has made this=20
increasingly challenging.  Either way, we end up doing something less=20
productive than paying invoices.
To maintain satisfactory response to our vendors and to reduce time necessary=20
for research, we request that employees who have pagers, cell phones, and=20
other individually billed items such as licenses, subscriptions, etc., pay=20
for them by personal check or charge card (if applicable=01*payment instructions=20
are usually indicated on the invoice) and request reimbursement through=20
employee expense reports.=20
By submitting these charges on your expense report, you can help us reduce=20
the amount of time spent researching and forwarding invoices, the number of=20
checks generated by Treasury, the number of vendors in our database, and the=20
turnaround time for payment of invoices. =20
Nice to know how highly regarded we are in the industry.  DF
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Today Enron and Hades announced a definitive energy services agreement
said to be worth an estimated $666 Trillion.  In the deal, Enron will
provide both gas and electric commodities to Hades' facilities throughout
and under North America.  John D. Rockefeller, former CEO of energy
monopolist
Standard Oil, is now head of Hades' energy management division.  Said
Rockefeller, "Obviously Hell has significant heating demands.  While eternal
flames are a great idea in concept, they require vast and reliable fuel
resources.  Enron was the only supplier willing to make a deal with my
boss, and, as a former monopolist, I just
like the way they do business."  A spokesperson for Enron said the two
cultures were able to work easily together during negotiations.  According
to the company, "The deal fits both companies exceptionally well.  With
Hades' ability to attract and retain new customers, we see this as a
fabulous
growth opportunity for millennia to come."  According to several energy
industry insiders, Hades' high heating demand with very little need for
summer air conditioning make it a very attractive energy portfolio addition.
Hades is a multinational corporation with millions of sites worldwide
and approximately 173 quintillion customers.  The entity boasts sustained
high growth rates over the last two thousand years.  Enron is one of the
world's leading energy and communications companies.  The company owns
approximately $37 billion in energy and communications assets.  Enron
ranks in the top quarter of Fortune's "Best 100 Companies to Work For
if You Can Keep A Job There and Don't Mind Working 80 Hours A Week," and
is among the most respected corporations in America, as ranked by customers
with respect-us-or-get-curtailed clauses in their energy supply contracts.
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
Hey--I thought this was pretty good!  Of course we at the evil empire are 
proud of being thought of as greedy overbearing SOBs!  DF
Cooker sent me a little "crooked-E" humor I thought you might enjoy.  Hope
your doing O.K. and not too afraid to call the next time your in Houston
because of the brain cell damage receveived the last time you visited.
I love this--even more so because it is being circulated by one of our 
competitors.  DF
Per our discussion, I've modified the letter to remove reference to the 
monthly pack agreement and made a couple of other minor changes.  I wasn't 
able to get ahold of Bill on Friday afternoon to discuss who will sign, so 
for now I've left it with signature blocks for Bill and Rod only.  I hope we 
are getting closer to the target here and look forward to discussing it with 
you further on Monday.  Thanks again for the illumination on AA's intent on 
the earlier draft.  DF
Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law 
bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and 
Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's 
gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into 
Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey 
and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good 
arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) 
deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance 
during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of 
replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should 
not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this 
matter.  DF  
A bit more detail in the bullets and a heads up call on this would have been 
a good idea.  DF 
Steve filled in the detail for me on the LG&E issue mentioned in the Law 
bullets this morning.  A valve was left open between an LG&E facility and 
Northern for an approximate 3 month period (I'm not sure how recent).  LG&E's 
gas loss data indicates that the amount of gas that inadvertently got into 
Northern was approx. 180,000 MMBtu, with a value of about $500,000.   Rockey 
and Steve have talked to LG&E and it does not appear that we have any good 
arguments for avoiding the liability.  The unexpected (and unmetered) 
deliveries from LG&E presumably reduced our lost and unaccounted for balance 
during the referenced 3 month period.  Accordingly, I assume the cost of 
replacing that gas should be accounted for in Northern's PRA and so should 
not affect earnings.   I'm not sure what the timetable is for resolving this 
matter.  DF  
Three things--first, Bill Cordes confirmed that the $200,000 O&M contribution=20
ET&S law already agreed to is the item mentioned in Bill's memo I forwarded=20
to you Friday.  In other words, he doesn't expect an incremental contribution=20
from us. =20
Second, Mike--Martha is out sick today so perhaps we can talk to the ladies=20
as a group tomorrow.  Please let me know. =20
Finally, the ethics test.  I say all 4 of us check out this thing in Belize. =20
I volunteer Eric to give the speech (my espanol not good).  =20
"OFFSHORE ASSOCIATION OF CENTRAL AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN (OACC)"=20
Dear Sir/Madam:
I'm writing  to invite you as a speaker/sponsor in respect to two
upcoming events of the Offshore Association of Central America and the
Caribbean in Belize (February 27- March 2, 2000) and the Dominican Republic
(May 5-8) and others.
The OACC is very much interested to get a presentation and participation of
yourself and is inviting you to become a speaker/sponsor.
If you are interested in participating please e mail directly to
Faithfully Yours
Diane Templeton-Gordon
Coordinator Speaker Service OACC
_______________________________________________________
Estimado Se=0For / Se=0Fora,
Por medio de la presente, le quisiera invitar como presentador /
auspisiante para dos eventos que ofrece la Asociaci?n Offshore de
Am,rica Central y del Caribe, en Belice (del 27 de febrero al 2 de
marzo, 2000) y en Rep?blica Dominicana (del 5 al 8 de mayo, 2000).  La OACC
est? muy interesada en tenerle a su lado le invita a ser
participante / ausipiciante para aquellos eventos.
Si est? interesado en participar, favor mandar un email directamente a
Atentamente,
Diane Templeton-Gordon
Coordinadora de eventos - OACC
_______________________________________________________
Cher Monsieur / Madame,
La pr,sente est pour vous inviter . participer en tant que intervenant /
parrain pour les deux prochains ,vSnements organis,s par l'Association
Offshore d'Am,rique Centrale et des Cara<bes, au Belize (27 f,vrier - 2
mars, 2000) et en R,publique Dominicaine (5 - 8 mai, 2000).  La OACC
aimerait fortement pouvoir compter votre pr,sence et vous invite .
participater / parrainer ces ,vSnements.
Si vous tes int,ress, . participer, veuillez vous communiquer?directement par courriel sorry--left you out of the distrib.  df
I need you guys to jump back into your files on the Topock issue asap.  Tony, 
I assume Lou briefed you on the situation.  I think the most recent liquids 
sample had pcbs in excess of 50 ppm.  That is well in excess of the 
contractual limit that I recall to be 1 ppm.  Our research a few months ago 
was about options to force the interconnect back open above 250 mm/d if the 
samples came back clean.  Now, the issue is, given dirty samples, what can we 
do to keep PGE from slamming the interconnect shut.  We need to complete our 
research/thinking immediately and have a spectrum of options ready to 
discuss.  Seriously, I am reviewing with Lou the option of a preemptive shut 
down of the interconnect, but that looks like an unwise strategy so far.  ALL 
ideas are worth considering.  Frank, Steve, and Maria, anything in your 
memory banks on TW or FERC jurisprudence that would prevent a Hinshaw from 
refusing to schedule transport volumes through a point even if the Hinshaw 
seemed to have clear contractual rights to refuse to schedule volumes based 
on gas quality/contamination concerns?  I don't think TW's tariff has a 
specific PCB spec.   DF 
ok.  DF
Janet Cones
06/26/2000 03:35 PM
I'd like to be at this--but I need to be back in Omaha by the evening of the 
13th.  Please get me a flight and hotel (I should arrive early PM on the 12 
the and leave in the pm on the 13th.   Thanks.df
The mock trial event will be held the evening of July 12th in Midland. Joy
and Nancy will call us back with the time and place so that we can make
appropriate arrangements. 
Excellent!  I hope Briden's project attracts fewer vultures than Dennis 
Langley's.  I need to go to Midland on the afternoon of the 12th, so could 
meet in Houston conveniently on the morning of the 12th or anytime 10 am or 
later on the 11th.  I could meet on the 10 th after 10, but less 
conveniently.  Just let Martha know what the plan is and she'll deploy me Also,  when you say they want TW to "build, own and operate the plant" you 
mean the gas pipeline facilities, not the power plant, right?  Must be 
because $20 mil. would be a pretty cheap power plant.  Thats a pretty cheap 
pipeline also for the length--about 40 miles, right?  DF 
Jeffery Fawcett
06/27/2000 04:17 PM
The project's consultant, George Briden, of Snake Hill Energy, called me 
today to say that Caithness Corp. has decided to move forward with plans for 
the Big Sandy, LLC. Project.  To refresh your memory, the project is a 
proposed IPP to be located about 40 miles south of TW's pipeline along 
Highway 93, about 2 miles outside of Wickieup, Arizona.  I've attached a 
simple bitmap below (click on it and hit "view") indicating the location of 
the project relative to Transwestern's facilities.  Ultimately, the project 
would be built for approx. 1,000 MW of generation in two phases.  Phase 1 
will burn approx. 80,000 Dth/d, and phase 2 will burn an additional 120,000 
Dth/d.  Initial indications are for the project to be in service in early 
2002, with the lateral pipeline and gas service required as early as Q2, 2001.
Caithness Corp., based in New York, is a privately held company with diverse 
interests including geothermal (renewable) electric generation facilities 
(Coso Plant) in California.  George reported that Caithness would like for 
Transwestern to build, own and operate the plant with facility costs (current 
estimate, $20.3MM) to be amortized vis-a-vis a throughput/rate commitment Caithness would also like the project to be interconnected to El Paso's 
system and the Questar Southern Trails Pipeline if that project should ever 
be completed.
Obviously, we'll have to wade throught the legal/regulatory issues 
surrounding this deal structure, as well as the requisite credit assurances With respect to the former, I think if we view this pipeline 
ownership/operation structure more as a financing mechanism with associated 
operating agreements, then we're probably OK.  With respect to the later, 
George assured me that Caithness can/will set-up a funding mechanism that 
would give Transwestern sufficient assurance of payback.
George would like to bring down a couple of representatives from Caithness to 
meet with Transwestern sometime the week of July 10.  He suggested either 
Omaha or Houston for the meeting, inasmuch as he'd like Drew Fossum to be 
present.
Drew, I'm thinking it might be easier/better to have the meeting here in 
Houston given our immediate access to maps and engineering data regarding the 
lateral pipeline.  If you concur, what day(s) do you have open that week and 
is there an opportunity for you to hop Bill's plane for either one or both 
legs of the trip down here?  I'll ask Ron Matthews and maybe one or two 
others to join us so we can cover a fairly broad base of functions in one 
sitting.
Will you get back with me as soon as you can?  Others on the distribution, if 
you can sit tight we'll get you more information as this meeting date/time 
comes together.  Thanks.
Here's the memo I mentioned.  Obviously, we have already used up all the good 
ideas and are down to the fall back plans.  DF
PRIVILEGED AND  Here's an idea:  PG&E's world has changed a bit since they executed the '97 
interconnect agreement.  Back then, I think the majority of Line 300 capacity 
was held by PG&E for the benefit of the core customers.  Some of the capacity 
was held by contract transport customers, but not that much.  (maybe 
100,000-200,000 dth out of 1.14 bcf/d??)   Now, I understand that PG&E still 
retains some line 300 capacity for the core, but a lot more of it is 
allocated out to contract transport customers.  Do you guys know how much was 
in each of those buckets then and now?  My theory is as follows:
1.  As to the capacity that it retains in its own name for the benefit of its 
core customers, PG&E has absolute discretion as to how to use the capacity They can nominate and schedule volumes at TW/Topock some days and nom. and 
schedule zero on others.  They can be totally arbitrary and not schedule 
anything for extended periods even though they are paying demand charges on 
TW and may incur costs on their gas purchase contracts in the San Juan or 
elsewhere (eventually this would get the CPUC's attention, I guess).  Even if 
there were no interconnect agreement or operating agreement with TW on the 
pcb issue, there is just not much we can do to control how PG&E dispatches 
gas supply.
2.  PG&E's transport contracts with third parties are a different story Those parties, not PG&E,  decide how much to nom. every day.  If PG&E is 
going to refuse to schedule a valid nom. from a transport customer, PG&E has 
to declare force majeure on its system or declare a capacity 
constraint-related curtailment.  PG&E has some discretion as a prudent 
operatory of its system, but not nearly as much discretion as it does as to 
its own portfolio 
3.  If 1 and 2 are correct, then the question arises:  Does PG&E have to 
declare force  majeure on its own system in order to shut us down at Topock If the amount of capacity they have in bucket no. 1 above exceeds 300 
million/d, they may be able to shut us down and continue to honor all of 
their transport contracts.  But what if PG&E's transport customers continue 
to nominate TW/Topock even though PG&E is making alternative receipt point 
capacity available for them at El Paso Topock or somewhere else?  If TW 
stands by ready to confirm those customers' noms, then I think we can force 
PG&E to declare force majeure on its own system 
4.  I'm not sure no. 3 above makes any difference for us.  At minimum, it 
focuses the attention on PG&E and not us.  Remember Erin Brockovich?  They 
will hate that.  I'm sure their spin doctors will point the finger at us, but 
once they declare force majeure, the PR damage is done.  Also, and more 
importantly, the standards applying to PG&E's declaration of force majeure 
are much more stringent than the standards under the operating agreement We will probably have a much stronger position in litigation if the issue is 
"did PG&E have adequate basis for declaring force majeure" than if the issue 
is "did TW violate the 1 ppm standard under the operating agreement 
Please let me know what we know about the capacity situation on Line 300 and 
give me any reactions to this idea.  Thanks. DF
Good point on the timetable.  If we can get to the letter of intent stage 
Caithness soon after this meeting Jeff is setting up--by mid July maybe--what 
would a realistic timetable be?  It looks from the map like the ROW would be 
all along existing hiway--not virgin territory.  If this thing is a "lateral" 
not mainline, and if we can keep project cost below the 2001 prior approval 
blanket cost limit (whatever that is--around $21 million I think) can we 
build under the blanket???  Lets talk before the meeting in Houston so we can 
have a complete reaction for the Caithness guys on cost, timetable, etc.  DF
Keith Petersen
06/28/2000 07:57 AM
Jeff, I realize you plan to bring the Certificates group in at a later date But if they want gas service by the second quarter of 2001, we are most 
likely in trouble already.  Unless there has been ROW work and environmental 
surveys completed.  From the time we get approval to move ahead on the 
project, the certificate process will take approximately one year.
Please call, if you would like to discuss further.
Keith
Please reveiw and provide preliminary certificate items and rates will follow 
up later.  MK
Jeffery Fawcett
06/27/2000 04:17 PM
The project's consultant, George Briden, of Snake Hill Energy, called me 
today to say that Caithness Corp. has decided to move forward with plans for 
the Big Sandy, LLC. Project.  To refresh your memory, the project is a 
proposed IPP to be located about 40 miles south of TW's pipeline along 
Highway 93, about 2 miles outside of Wickieup, Arizona.  I've attached a 
simple bitmap below (click on it and hit "view") indicating the location of 
the project relative to Transwestern's facilities.  Ultimately, the project 
would be built for approx. 1,000 MW of generation in two phases.  Phase 1 
will burn approx. 80,000 Dth/d, and phase 2 will burn an additional 120,000 
Dth/d.  Initial indications are for the project to be in service in early 
2002, with the lateral pipeline and gas service required as early as Q2, 2001.
Caithness Corp., based in New York, is a privately held company with diverse 
interests including geothermal (renewable) electric generation facilities 
(Coso Plant) in California.  George reported that Caithness would like for 
Transwestern to build, own and operate the plant with facility costs (current 
estimate, $20.3MM) to be amortized vis-a-vis a throughput/rate commitment Caithness would also like the project to be interconnected to El Paso's 
system and the Questar Southern Trails Pipeline if that project should ever 
be completed.
Obviously, we'll have to wade throught the legal/regulatory issues 
surrounding this deal structure, as well as the requisite credit assurances With respect to the former, I think if we view this pipeline 
ownership/operation structure more as a financing mechanism with associated 
operating agreements, then we're probably OK.  With respect to the later, 
George assured me that Caithness can/will set-up a funding mechanism that 
would give Transwestern sufficient assurance of payback.
George would like to bring down a couple of representatives from Caithness to 
meet with Transwestern sometime the week of July 10.  He suggested either 
Omaha or Houston for the meeting, inasmuch as he'd like Drew Fossum to be 
present.
Drew, I'm thinking it might be easier/better to have the meeting here in 
Houston given our immediate access to maps and engineering data regarding the 
lateral pipeline.  If you concur, what day(s) do you have open that week and 
is there an opportunity for you to hop Bill's plane for either one or both 
legs of the trip down here?  I'll ask Ron Matthews and maybe one or two 
others to join us so we can cover a fairly broad base of functions in one 
sitting.
Will you get back with me as soon as you can?  Others on the distribution, if 
you can sit tight we'll get you more information as this meeting date/time 
comes together.  Thanks.
Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to 
get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as 
early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set 
up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other.
Thank you.
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
language and a proposed form agreement.
Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
other issues 
I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
pls print.  thanks df
PRIVILEGED AND   As requested by Lou, attached for your review is a presuit litigation 
analysis memo.  Don't hesitate to call if you have further questions.
B.K.D.
Britt- great memo.  I'm sure you guys are in the course of discussing these 
very issues, but here's my two cents worth. 
1.  Once we decide on an optimal forum, the key step before filing a lawsuit 
is the assessment of our probability of success--for different reasons than 
is usually the case.  We need to weigh the chances of a favorable judgment 
against El Paso against the probability and extent of collateral damage to 
our defense (not just TW but all of GPG) in Quinque, et al 2.  I like our case a lot based on what I've seen so far--if I've got it 
right, our claim is that El Paso breached the 1990 measurement agreement by 
not calibrating the meters as required and therefore by allowing the error to 
arise and remain uncorrected for so long.  Under the NM statute, we may get 6 
years worth of recovery ( or more, I guess, if they did something to toll the 
SOL).  Under the Texas SOL, maybe less.  Do we have a good argument that the 
1% standard in the measurement agreement and the 2% standard in El Paso's 
tariff do not absolve them of conversion or breach liability?  Seems to me 
that El Paso will argue that the FERC tariff preempts our contract 
rights--but I think the law is on our side there 3.  The tricky issue then becomes whether our prosecution of the claim 
against El Paso plays into the hands of our adversaries on the Quinque mess If so, how do we quantify that risk to allow a rational balancing of the pros 
and cons.  I'm glad smart guys like you two will have to do that thinking As usual, I'll try to stay on the sidelines and nod intelligently when you 
make a recommendation.  DF 
PS:  I'm ok with the outside counsel recommendation 
Thanks Bob.  I'm out sick today (my wife made me stay home until I quit 
griping about a sore throat I can't seem to shake), but I forwarded your 
voicemail on item 3 to Kent yesterday.  I'll forward this to him as a 
reminder.  ON the other two items, I'll send you separate emails on each.  DF 
As you know we have been developing a list of possible earnings items to be 
moved out of 2nd quarter.  The list now totals $7.5MM and has been approved 
by Stan and Rod.  We're now in the "make it happen" stage.
We have 3 items that we'll need your assistance with:
Increasing the Conoco litigation reserve from $1.0mm that we now have on the 
books to a new balance of $3.0MM -- a $2MM increase.  To accomplish this we 
need a memo from you to request and support the increase.  The fact that we 
laid $3MM cash on the settlement table is good.  It you mention that it was 
$3MM plus Hobbs 12" line, then please qualify that with an indication that 
the market value of that line is de minimus.
Increasing the accrual for the Duke/Coyanosa obligation from $600,000 to 
$800,000.  I'm not sure what the basis for this increase is (continuing cost 
incurrence?), but your help in supporting the increase is solicited.
Need a copy of the SBA Transaction Fee agreement with TransCanada Energy 
Marketing so that we can accrue (and expense) the obligation in June 
(assuming it's not payable until July).  As we discussed earlier this week, 
we also need this document for AA's final review of base gas sale documents.
There is obviously a distinction between their situation and ours.  I just 
don't know what it is yet.  DF
Drew - notice the CNG filing of a non conforming service agreement because 
the agreement requires the shipper to utilize CNG for its full requirements Northern has determined that such a clause falls under the discount provision 
of "to specified quantities".    Dari
Shelley Corman
01/07/2000 06:05 PM
I did.  Just got back.  Doctor says I'm just a whiner and I should go back to 
work.  DF
Thanks for your 3 messages.  Appreciate your responsiveness.  ...and try a 
physician!
fyi--please keep me from getting disbarred.  Df
IT@dcbar.org on 06/29/2000 12:54:42 PM
Please respond to IT@dcbar.org
This is an official Bar announcement for the purpose of disseminating 
important Bar news.
The Annual Registration and Dues Statement for the 2000--2001 dues year were
recently mailed.
In accordance with the Rules and By-laws, the due and payable date is July
1, 2000.  The statements also reflect a "billing" date of May 7, 2000.
Due to a computer problem with our new software, the billing extract was
produced on May 7, 2000 but was unable to completely print until early June.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused in our members
trying to comply with the due date.
Here are the important dates regarding dues payments for this year:.
July 1   -  due and payable
August 1  - reminder notice to all unpaid members
September 1 - Final notice mailed by certified mail to all unpaid members
with a $30.00 late charge added
October 31, 2000 - Automatic suspension occurs unless dues and late charges
are post-marked by this date
You can also link to the Bars Web site:
Thanks for the update!  As for the margarita idea, I'm all over it!  Not just 
for breakfast anymore!!  DF
Kathy Ringblom
06/30/2000 09:43 AM
We won our motion yesterday to depose Conoco on the Rensvold documents 
questions so it sounds like they will also depose Steve Gilbert about the 
Imperial plant.  We're deposing the Enerfin rep today - hopefully we'll get 
him to tie the terminated contracts to the wells that were under those 
contracts (Conoco is now saying, "Well, how were they supposed to know what 
wells were tied to what contracts" - duh) and possibly when Conoco took over 
the accounting for the plant - we still haven't been able to locate an 
invoice earlier than Jan. 1990.  Anyway, HOPE YOU FEEL BETTER SOON!!!!!  Try 
a frozen margarita for a sore throat.  Works every time.
These guys don't give up.  I'll forward any information Tino gives me on 
their latest DOE strategy.  Rockey--do you have any interest in following up 
on Tino's Wichita project??  I don't know how far it is from any of our 
lines, but it may be worth a chat.  DF 
Tino Monaldo  Sorry you are feedling bad. Hope reading email doesn't hurt. I'll try and be 
brief. 
1. We have an opportunity to acquire a? 35MW? cogeneration facility in Kansas 
that is from the early 1980's and rarely used. We may want to talk about a? 
joint project. Can I borrow some expertise via a phone call fom you to your 
electric gurus to let me know what the spot market into KC and Wichita looks 
like.
2. I met with DML and we intend to propose a deal that has us charging only 
for the generation and for DOE to assumme the risk and or reward of the cost 
of gas.Before you have any conversations with Dennis or your folks give me a 
call so we can flesh this out. We have DOE meetings scheduled for 7/24-25th 
so it is a busy month. Our consultant's are reviewing the DOE data we? 
than I would have guessed.
pls print.  thanks df
Drew, I thought you would be interested in this research memo from our law 
clerk.
Brian Hensley
06/30/2000 11:05 AM
Susan,
Per your request, I have attached a brief memo concerning capacity option 
exemptions and regulations.  If you have any questions or comments you would 
like to discuss before the 3 p.m. meeting please do not hesitate to contact 
me.  If the offer still stands, I would like to attend this afternoon's 
meeting.
Brian
Ext. 37629
pls print.  thanks df
Here is a quick summary of our meeting on capacity options on TW.  Bill 
Cordes, Steve Harris, Shelley Corman, John Buchanan, Tony Pryor, and members 
of the TW Commercial Group (including Jeff Fawcett) were present.
1.  The group all agreed that while it is probably a good idea to mention 
that the options could be sold in an online format, we do not want to limit 
ourselves at this point and should probably just state that a notice will be 
posted on the TW website whenever we have options for sale.
2.  Price:  the filing needs to include a discussion of how price will be 
determined, and how capacity will be awarded.  We might also need to include 
an estimate of how much revenue options will generate in the first year.
3.  Need to add a short explanation of where TW will get the capacity if a 
shipper exercises its call option.
4.  Should frame the service as requiring an exception to current Commission 
policy on reserving capacity...not asking Commission to abandon its policy 
altogether.
5.  May need to address:  assignability of options; limitation on damages 
for nonperformance.
6.  Timeline:
- Turn around a new draft and get further comments (July 3 week)
- Get Market Services started on its analysis of the new service 
- Begin contacting customers to get their buy-in (Lorraine already has a 
producer/customer very interested in supporting our filing)
- Start the process of getting Board approval (sales of options require 
Board approval at Enron)
- Meet informally with FERC to discuss (Shelley is working on)
- Make the filing at FERC (we did not try to specify a date yet)
If you have any further comments please let me know.  I am going to try to 
get a new draft out by next Friday a.m.
Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
Drew, I am incorporating the comments of Maria, Susan and Jeff into the draft 
of the discussion of alternatives. I'm about half-way done, but ran out of 
time. I'll finish this weekend and provide to Lou for his comments before 
forwarding to you.
I guess this is good news unless they introduce the "next steps" section at 
the meeting with a slide that is titled "Step One:  Shutting Your Sorry-Ass 
Pipeline Down ONce and For All" .   Seriously, the agenda doesn't seem to 
have any flavor of escalation, which is great given the  lack of attractive 
alternatives for our team right now.  Talk to you about this tomorrow.  DF
07/05/2000 04:10 PM
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
Louis Soldano
07/05/2000 04:10 PM
07/05/2000 04:10 PM
Guys - just fyi.   Ignore the notes and see the agenda.  nothing surp[rising 
so far..
Rich,
Attached is a draft agenda for our July 13 meeting.
Most of us will be staying the night of 7/12 at the Holiday Inn in
Flagstaff.  Your directions look pretty clear but if you could send me via
e-mail or fax (415-973-6112) a map that would help keep us from getting
lost.
thanks,
rod
- twpcb41.doc
Great--please send me the current draft on Thur. AM for me to take a look 
at.  Gracias!  DF 
07/01/2000 05:30 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
07/01/2000 05:30 PM
07/01/2000 05:30 PM
Drew, I just sent the revised draft to Lou for his comments. Hope you're 
better................Tony
Drew Fossum
07/01/2000 04:02 PM
Thanks Tony--we'll discuss on Wed or Thur.  DF
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
Tony Pryor
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
06/30/2000 05:28 PM
Drew, I am incorporating the comments of Maria, Susan and Jeff into the draft 
of the discussion of alternatives. I'm about half-way done, but ran out of 
time. I'll finish this weekend and provide to Lou for his comments before 
forwarding to you.
pls print out.  thanks. df
Attached is a revised draft of TW's capacity option filing.  I thought the 
comments I received last week were very helpful, and pursuant to our 
discussion I've added language addressing rates, limitation of liability, and 
the necessary exception to Commission policy.  Some of the language will 
probably need to be expanded or changed.  I have also included a section in 
the tariff cross-referencing applicable General Terms and Conditions.  The 
letter and tariff sheets are redlined; I did not make significant changes to 
the agreement.
I have not come up with a projected filing date yet; I believe it is 
important first to plan our pre-filing communication with customers as well 
as informal discussions with FERC staff.  I will be contacting some of you to 
coordinate these efforts, and this should help us decide on a reasonable date.
Market Services:  Because this filing is still just a draft and may change 
based on what we hear from customers, I will just continue to keep you in the 
loop and will leave it up to you to decide when and with whom to meet in 
order to get the information you need.
Please let me know your substantive questions and comments on the attached 
before next Wednesday if possible 
Thank you.
Here is the info from AA.  Talk to you at 4.  Thanks. DF
Interesting.  I'll work with MKM and Maria on getting answers to AA's 
questions and comments.  I think we can eliminate the specific cross 
references between the two agreements, but is that the real problem or is AA 
going to choke on our execution of both agreements with the same party (that's a tough one to wire around, if it is their real concern).  Thanks.  DF
Heather Mueck
12/17/99 09:32 AM
George -
Stan asked that I forward our comments on to you regarding the TW Compression 
Services Agreement and the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  If you would like to 
discuss, we will be available early next week.  Thanks.
Stanley Farmer
11/29/99 12:44 PM
George Fastuca
11/24/99 09:06 AM
Stan, attached is the latest draft of the compression services agreement 
related to the TW compression monetization effort. Since you've reviewed it 
last, nothing material has changed as you can see from the red-lined version. 
We would like to file for regulatory approval soon. Pls let me know if you 
have any questions - thanks.
I'll send the updated PSA agreement in a separate Email.
Maria Pavlou
11/19/99 10:57 AM
In case you didn't have this old message.  Below is the latest draft of the 
Services Agreement.  I will also reforward to you the latest drafts/exhibits 
of the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  Thanks, Maria
Maria Pavlou
11/05/99 04:33 PM
Attached is a revised redlined draft of the above-referenced  Agreement which 
incorporates comments from regulatory and Mike Bryant with V&E.  We have 
added a new Appendix 1 to cover the Assets subject to this Agreement rather 
than refer to the Exhibit in the Purchase and Sale, as well as an exclusivity 
provision regarding use of the Assets.  We've also added a reference to the 
arbitration section in the event the oversight committee cannot agree to 
changes necessary or desirable to the assets 
I'm OK with the new version.  Thanks. DF
Christine Stokes
07/06/2000 01:04 PM
Recent negotiations with Southwest Gas Corporation have resulting in the 
deletion of two provisions  contained in the original Southwest Gas 
Corporation discount letter with was routed for Officer Approval.  Several  
minor "sentence structure" changes requested by Southwest Gas have also been 
included 
Please review the revised Discount Letter and forward any comments 
immediately to either Lorraine Lindberg (x35403) or Susan Scott (x30596 The following summarizes the changes to the original discount letter:
1.  Deletion of paragraph which waives ROFR rights.    This paragraph is not 
necessary due to FERC Order 637 rule which states that the shipper's tariff 
right to ROFR for contracts of one year or longer does not apply to 
discounted transportation contracts, only max rate contracts.
2.  Deletion of Paragraph which states Transwestern will retain any capacity 
release revenues which Shipper may acquire from releasing capacity at rates 
above the Discount Rate provided by Transwestern to Shipper.
Please note that the revised discount letter does retain the original intent 
of providing Southwest Gas a 10 year discount rate for seasonal (November 
through March period) capacity from Transwestern's East of Thoreau (EOT) Area 
to the Southwest Gas Interconnect located in the East of California Area The $.10/Dth/d transportation rate shall increase annually by $.005/Dth/d for 
the term of the agreement.  Alternate receipt points rights are in the EOT 
Area as with as within the primary path of the contract.  Southwest Gas may 
also utilize the Bloomfield Compressor on an alternate basis.
Pls get me a printout of this Mon. AM.  I couldn't open it.  Thanks. DF
Attached is a rough draft of the Motion for summary judgment on the damages
issues (Parker & Parsley/Rook/Post '94 claims).  I will be filling in the
remaining citations and gathering evidence this weekend.  Please call with
any comments you may have.
1xdw01!
- 1XDW01!.WPD
Here's a thought that didn't occur to me when I marked up the mock trial 
script.  Should we have the consultants prominantly feature "IPEC 
Busters"???  Unless we are pretty sure the judge will keep it out on 
relevance grounds, it might be useful to at least get some juror reactions to 
it.  With or without the specific IPEC Busters stuff, we probably ought to 
assume that Jad's theme will be that Northern's whole philosophy was to 
breach contracts without flinching if it served our commercial interests The vitriol from P&P and the other producers plays into that theme.  Maybe we 
ought to spice that part of the script up a bit also just so we can see how 
our response plays.  DF
Outstanding!  I'm in Houston on Thursday, flying to the big O on the 8:30 pm 
flight.  I'd love to get together for dinner around 5:00 or so if that works 
out for you guys.  Any chance of getting together with both of you?  DF  
Mark Schroeder@ECT
07/10/2000 04:24 AM
Flying in to Houston with Mary on Thursday afternoon, and back to London on 
Saturday p.m.  Any chance of seeing you, e.g., an early dinner on Thursday mcs 
pls print up.  thanks df
Here is a revised version of the Motion for Partial Summary Judgment.  I
think this one is close to final, depending on comments.  Let me have any
comments you have.  Thanks.
- 1XDW01!.WPD
I need to be in DC on Thursday next week, so any time in Denver that allows 
me to get to DC is ok.  DF
Jeffery Fawcett
07/10/2000 11:58 AM
I got a call at 10:30 a.m. from George Briden indicating that his client's 
plans were changed over the weekend and they will not be available to come to 
Houston for tomorrow's meeting.  They will be in their Denver offices all 
next week and suggested that we might meet up with them there.  Drew has 
indicated his willingness to meet with them in Denver next week Given this change in events, I'd suggest that we pack-up a small contingent 
to go to Denver and meet with them.  I'm thinking Terry or Ron, plus Steve 
Harris (if available) and myself.  I don't have any dates/times yet.  I'll 
call George and get his thoughts.  Will you EMail me back and let me know 
what days/times will work for you next week?  Thanks.
Jeffery Fawcett
06/28/2000 03:09 PM
See attached note.  I'm thinking that for a preliminary discussion with this 
[potential] customer, we should high grade the meeting as well as limit the 
number of meeting participants to no more than 5-6 from our side.  Bear in 
mind that Drew has a relationship with George Briden already and he will be 
here in Houston for this meeting.  In addition to Drew, I'd like to see 
representatives from TW Commercial, marketing services, and facility 
planning/engineering involved.  If you feel I've missed a function here that 
should be included, please advise.  Let me know your availability and/or the 
availability of your designee 
Audrey, will you secure a conference room for us on that date/time:  1:30 3:30 p.m, Tues. July 11th.   Plan on about 8 people.  Can we get a 
coffee/soft drink/snack set-up also?  Thanks.
Jeffery Fawcett
06/28/2000 02:35 PM
George,
Thanks.  Let's plan on about 1:30 p.m. CDT on July 11th here in Houston at 
Transwestern's office in the Enron Building at 1400 Smith Street.  Just check 
in at the security desk, ask for me and they'll direct you to the elevators 
leading to our (41st) floor.  I don't think we'll need the whole afternoon, 
particularly at this stage, but I'll plan on at least a couple of hours 
I'll ask a couple of reps from our engineering/operations group to join us 
and be prepared to answer questions about TW, its operation, as well as the 
estimate and underlying engineering of the lateral pipeline.  I'll forward 
this to Drew so that he can make his arrangements to join us also.
I look forward to meeting you and your client in person.  Call me if you have 
any questions.
Jeff;
We (Larry Carpenter and I) will be there afternoon of the 11th.  We have
left open the period from 1 to 5 PM.
Tell me where you want us to be.
GB
 George,
 Drew said he'd be available here in Houston either the afternoon of the
 11th or the morning of the 12th.  If you could check with your clients and
 get back to me on their availability at these date/times that would be
 great.  Thanks.