Website >
- WOP Fax1.doc
- draft prog 01.08 b.doc
Not yet.  May not be until sept 5 as ken is on vacation.  but there is a 
chance that ken will try to reach him in the meantime.  I'll let you know 
when I hear.
Sent by: Amy Fabian
Steve - Missed you in LA last week.  Thanks for working with Ken on the CFTC 
talking points.  Do you know if the call between Ken and Sen. Gramm occured 
and if there was any follow up needed.
Thanks - Chris 
the price might be a bit stiff, particularly in light of the following: I 
don't think we need the DC grass tops component.  we have an effective set of 
messages, contacts, consultants and lawyers.  Perhaps we could use Charlie as 
a fresh set of eyes on that stuff, but I think that asking him to develop 
such an effort would be duplicative of what we have done with AAE, Paxson, 
Fleischman-Hillard, Divall, etc.
I do think the other aspects of what he proposes would be useful, however, 
(and should be less resource intensive and at least a little less costly).
Richard Shapiro@EES
08/21/2000 05:12 PM
What do you think?
Kelly Goss  Please respond to kgoss@deweysquare.com
Dear Mr. Shapiro:
Attached is a memo from Charlie Baker regarding the FERC that he asked
that I forward to you. If you have any questions, please call him at
(617) 428-3412 or me at (617) 367-9929. Thank you.
Sincerely,
Kelly Goss
Dewey Square Group
- dsg e-mail to shapiro at enron 800.doc
Attached please find the edited deregulation speech.
- anti regulation speech.doc
Eric - I think the release looks fine.
Shelley -- I take it there are no affiliate issues here (or they have been 
fully vetted)?
Eric Thode
08/22/2000 11:34 AM
Attached is a draft press release regarding NBP's intent to purchase ENA's 
assets in the Powder River and Wind River Basins.  Please return all comments 
to me via e-mail by 5:00 pm on Tuesday, August 22.  If you have any 
questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Thanks.
Eric
Steve,
Attached please find the pro-regulation speech.  We have a studio reserved
between 4 and 5 PM today.  If it's possible to get comments on the speeches
before the conference call, we would really appreciate it.  I'll forward the
edited deregulation speech to you shortly.
Thanks,
Liz
- Pro-Regulation speech.doc
this is fantastic!!
This article is forwarded to you per Mark Palmer's request 
Business
Enron Plays The Pipes This old-time gas company is trading fuel for a future 
as a new-economy
superpower. Will the swap work?
Frank Gibney Jr./Houston
08/28/2000
Time Magazine
Time Inc.
38+
It's Saturday night, and the only thing between you and a movie from 
Blockbuster Video is the unpaid late fee for
last week's rental. If that sounds familiar, then you'll appreciate this: 
next year Blockbuster plans to offer up to 500
movie titles online in more than a dozen major cities around the U.S. That's 
right, video on demand (not the
frustrating no-rewind, no-pause pay-per-view offerings of today) for anyone 
with a DSL line at home. 
What's remarkable is that Blockbuster's partner happens to be an energy 
company called Enron. At a time when
so many old-economy companies seem helpless against the dizzying pace and 
technology of the digital age,
Enron is demonstrating why FORTUNE magazine keeps voting it the most 
innovative large company in America.
For years the Houston-based firm simply produced, transported and marketed 
natural gas. Then, as energy
deregulation threatened profit margins in the gas business, Enron discovered 
it could make billions by trading and
brokering packages of energy the way Midwesterners do pork bellies. Now Enron 
is moving into the
telecommunications business, with a national fiber-optic cable network and a 
floor bulging with Sun
supercomputers.
In fact, Enron may be the most interesting old-economy company around. Since 
moving its trading operations from
the phone to the Web eight months ago, the company has doubled revenues to 
more than $30 billion. Most of that
is made through trading everything from energy and paper to weather risk 
derivatives and now bandwidth--more than
800 offerings in all. Think of eBay, but instead of auctioning $5 used Baby 
Gap pajamas, the company trades
$600,000 blocks of natural gas--and pockets commensurately huge commissions. 
Boasts Enron president Jeffrey
Skilling: "In terms of dollars transacted, we're the world's largest online 
site by a factor of 10 
So far this year, that has meant $120 billion in transactions. And when 
you're running the network, all sorts of
profitable opportunities arise. Last week, when word spread that natural-gas 
prices would spike this winter, Enron's
in-house traders saw their gains surge as customers raced to lock in future 
supplies at today's prices. And Enron's
stock price? It hit $90 last week, tripling its value of a year ago. Kind of 
like an Internet play, only better. 
The market loves Enron because Skilling and CEO Kenneth Lay seem to have come 
up with a business model that
works for just about anything. They provide a service to their customers by 
packaging a supply of name your
commodity and then using the efficiency of their vast network to beat most 
prices. They arrived at this model back
in the mid-1980s almost out of desperation, when crude-oil prices had 
collapsed, natural-gas deregulation had
thrown that market into chaos, and the Peruvian government had just 
nationalized Enron's offshore properties.
Figuring they might as well leverage deregulation instead of succumbing to 
it--call it business judo-- Skilling, a
McKinsey & Co. consultant at the time, came up with a plan called the Gas 
Bank, to buy up reserves of natural
gas, then package them for sale, with various prices and conditions for 
different customers. When electricity
markets deregulated a few years ago, the company did the same. It's the 
oldest concept in business: buy low, sell
high. 
Enron also leverages its assets and expertise to provide services to big 
customers. Since 1997, companies like
Owens Corning and Chase Manhattan Bank have signed long-term, 
multibillion-dollar contracts with Enron
subsidiary Enron Energy Services (EES) that lock in their energy costs for up 
to 10 years and provide Enron with a
steady revenue stream. What's more, Enron is beginning to actively manage its 
clients' heating and cooling plants,
installing new equipment when necessary and monitoring it all over the 
Internet. 
Skilling's latest gambit is to apply the same principles he learned in the 
power and energy sectors to making Enron
a leader in the booming telecommunications business. The plan isn't to go 
head to head with established fiber-optic
carriers such as AT&T, Qwest and Williams Communications. Instead, Enron 
wants to use new switching
technology and its expertise in trading pipeline access to transform a modest 
telecom network into a powerful
arbiter of bandwidth. Enron's bet is simple: supply and demand will increase 
exponentially, turning bandwidth into a
tradable commodity, just like gas and electricity. Along the way, why not 
partner with companies such as
Blockbuster and use this new technology to offer content--like movies- -and 
blow it through existing, underutilized
pipe? "They are jump- starting an application [telecom content] with a 
potential market of $200 billion a year," says
Tom Nolle, president of the telecom consulting firm CIMI. 
Other new-economy players are also beginning to see the power merchant as a 
prize partner. IBM and AOL have
joined with Enron to form the New Power Co. (TNPC), an independent start-up 
that will offer pricing schemes and a
choice of power and gas service for residential and small-business customers. 
Enron provides the electricity; AOL
enables customers to buy it via the Web; and IBM takes care of the billing. 
"It's ludicrous that we're in the 21st
century, and you still have people jumping over fences to read meters," says 
Skilling, pointing out that the
technology exists to offer real-time pricing for gas and electricity. In 
deregulated markets, TNPC will allow
consumers to switch power companies as easily as they do phone companies. 
Despite all Wall Street's enthusiasm for Enron's bold plans, there are still 
plenty of skeptics. Critics point out that
there is barely a market today for the company's bandwidth trading exchange. 
They also stress that pushing digital
signals through pipe is a world away from routing natural gas. Although there 
is plenty of cable across the country,
carriers are not set up to mix and match access to it. "It's a very, very 
difficult concept," says Nolles. Even the
Blockbuster venture is risky: technology aside, there is also the highly 
political question of digital rights. How do
you satisfy Hollywood that its content is secure? 
But Skilling and his lieutenants are quick to counter that everyone thought 
they were crazy to try to make markets
in gas and electricity. And Enron, after all, is a company that thrives on 
entrepreneurial defiance of convention.
Many of its new ventures were started because managers simply set new ideas 
in motion without waiting for
approval from the top. Even the online operation was cobbled together in a 
mere seven months. Skilling and Lay
found out about EnronOnline only two weeks before it went live. 
Is taking risks really a part of a gas-pipeline company's culture? Just ask 
John Arnold, the 26-year-old chief of
natural-gas derivatives, who after nine hours and $1 billion in trades last 
Wednesday had this to say: "You can't turn
away for a minute or you get picked off." That has happened to too many 
traditional companies because they were
unable to find a niche in the new economy. Enron, however, has traded its way 
into a starring role, and now it
hopes it is ready for the movies. 
[BOX] 
THE PIPELINE OF PLENTY --Natural-gas production --Electric-power generation 
--Enron Online: global-trading
system for 800 commodity products; $120 billion in trades so far in 2000 
--Enron Energy Services: contracts with
institutional customers to manage all power needs at fixed, long-term prices. 
Ultimate aim is control, via the Web,
of heating, ventilation and air conditioning --Enron Broadband Services: 
trades bandwidth capacity to fill customers'
transmission needs. Offers bandwidth to content providers like Blockbuster 
and AtomFilms.com
COLOR PHOTO: GREG GIRARD--CONTACT PRESS IMAGES THE KING OF REINVENTION 
Desperate conditions
in the '80s forced Enron's president Skilling to come up with a new and 
highly adaptable business model COLOR
PHOTO: PAUL S. HOWELL--LIAISON AGENCY FOR TIME POWER MERCHANT Even as it 
trades commodities
from coal to bandwidth, Enron continues to expand its gas and electric 
production around the globe COLOR
ILLUSTRATION: ILLUSTRATION FOR TIME BY BILL SCHWARTZ
FYI.  These are the items I left Ken a voicemail about.
Carolyn Cooney@
12/15/99 12:11 PM
I just received a call from Bob O'Dell (215-569-5312) following up on the 
request from Mayor Edward Rendell regarding the upcoming Millennium 
Philadelphia's Light and Laser Show and Philadelphia 2000.  The Mayor has 
asked Enron for a $750,000 commitment.  As outlined in my December 6th memo 
-- the breakdown of the commitment was for Enron to contribute $500,000 for 
the Millennium Philadelphia's Light and Laser Show on December 31, 1999.  The 
$250,000 would be credited to Philadelphia 2000 Convention package.  The 
Mayor and Mr. Lay have spoken several weeks ago but no commitment was made at 
the time.  Will we be sponsoring the event?
Also, Bob gave us the heads up --- that Governor Tom Ridge (R-PA) will be 
calling Ken Lay this afternoon to ask Mr. Lay to be the chair/co-chair of the 
Republican Governors Association dinner that will be held in Washington, DC 
in February 2000.
Please let me know if you need additional information.
Thank you. 
Following is a link to the actual White House page with the statement from 
Clinton today.
Celeste Roberts@ECT
08/23/2000 10:06 AM
Greetings, Rice  Recruiting Team!
Each of you has been chosen to represent Enron for our Fall 2000 recruiting 
efforts at the Rice/Jones School.  As part of the team, you will be 
challenged with choosing the best candidates from Rice to join our Associate 
Program.
Our first campus event will be a tailgate party for the  Rice/University of 
Houston game, Saturday, September 2nd.  Everyone is invited to meet in the 
parking lot of Rice Stadium.  We will have tickets to the game along with 
beer and sandwiches.  The general presentation will be on Wednesday, 
September 6th, and interviews will be held on campus Thursday, October 5th and Friday, October 6th.  There are a variety of campus events planned, so I 
hope you are all able to participate.
We are planning to have a brief team meeting Tuesday, August 29th, from 9:00  
to 10:00 am in 42C1 (the Gas Control Presentation Room) to discuss the 
Associate  Program, and the fall recruiting calendar 
I look forward to seeing you all soon.
Sincerely,
Celeste Roberts
Director of Associate & Analyst Campus Recruiting
Is this someone in the analyst/associate program?
MerryKath@aol.com
08/23/2000 03:52 PM
Dear Sir and Madam.
I did not know whom to contact at Enron, so chose to contact you.  I am a 
Ph.D candidate at the University of Rhode Island.  My speciality is English 
and Business Communication.
I am contacting you because I a person I know has applied and given a 
high-end position within your company.  Please check his credentials.  He is 
presenting himself as a Brown University Graduate with an MBA from another 
college.
Please be advised, I did a reference check with Brown, and he is not a Brown 
graduate.  His name is Steven R. Hill 
I feel obliged to divulge this information to you because of the law that 
holds me responsible for knowing that someone might be purposely 
misrepresenting themselves.
Mary K. Cardinale
You probably saw the announcement that Mike Mcconnell is now CEO of Enron 
Global Markets.  EGM will be focussing on a number of new and existing 
markets (including coal, LNG, crude and products, interest rates, 
agricultural commodities, equities, weather, etc).  One of the markets Mike's 
group is actively considering is transport capacity.  I mentioned your work 
in the area.  He is anxious to see it and meet with you after he has had a 
chance to review it.
In case you had not heard, Lou Pai has done some fundraising for Franks and 
both he and his(Lou's) sister know him fairly well.  Keep it in mind if at 
some point we need to get in to see him.
Clayton:
Here are some preliminary answers to your questions (and I have copied GPG 
and Government Affairs folks as well to share this information 
1)  I am currently assessing the situation regarding pipeline safety 
legislation.  This week has been very quiet on Capitol Hill as all of the 
members are back in the states on August recess running for re-election and 
it is a big vacation week for staff...but here's what I am hearing:
As you may or may not know, we have been been very active this year trying to 
temper pipeline safety legislation that was fairly reactionary in the wake of 
last summer's liquid pipeline accident in Bellingham, WA 
SENATE:  In June, Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Slade Gorton (R-WA) led the 
charge to pass a pipeline safety bill (S. 2438) out of the Senate Commerce 
Committee, and that bill is awaiting floor action in the Senate.   Because of 
the hasty way in which S. 2438 was drafted and passed, there was a 
realization by both Republicans and Democrats in the Senate that the bill 
could not make it to the floor for a vote until some serious changes were 
made -- mostly things that were deal breakers for industry.  Enron and El 
Paso were leading the charge and we had a number of Senators backing our 
efforts to negotiate changes, including Majority Leader Trent Lott (R-MS Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-TX), John Breaux (D-LA), and Sam Brownback (R-KS From what I've learned since the accident, these Senators are not changing 
their strategy and are still asking for the same improvements.  Fortunately, 
most of the changes we were looking to make were fairly technical and not the 
types of things that would be seriously compromised by the accident Industy was already in the position of having to accept a number of things 
they never would have if not for he Bellingham incident...the El Paso 
incident just reinforces those.   The biggest potential effect I see from the 
El Paso accident is an increased effort to pass something before the Congress 
adjourns in early October.  The New Mexico Senators are already calling for a 
floor vote on the McCain/Gorton legislation, and I there will certainly be 
greater pressure on leaders to wrap up negotiations, get agreement from all 
sides on a bill, and move it unanimously through a vote on the Senate floor.
HOUSE:   The House is moving a bit more slowly, but again, I'd expect the El 
Paso situation to expedite things somewhat.  There were several bills 
introduced in the House that were not moving anywhere, including an identical 
copy of the McCain legislation introduced by Rep. Bob Franks (R-NJ).  Franks 
is now anxious to move legislation, as he is running for Senate and would 
love to take credit for helping out on an issue of national visibility Before the accident, House Tranportation Committee leaders on both the 
Democrat and Republican side were working on a "consensus" bill that they 
could introduce in early September and move quickly through the Committee and 
to the House floor.   I'm told that negotiations on that legislation are 
moving forward and a draft bill will be produced shortly.  Unlike our 
experience in the Senate, we have had significant input into the bill in 
advance, and expect something that we can live with -- and something more 
reasonable than the McCain bill.   With that said, there may be an effort to 
expand the bill in a few areas because of the El Paso accident, so we'll have 
to see what kind of hand we're dealt in the next few weeks 
Overall, I'd expect pipeline safety legislation to be given higher priority 
when Congress returns after Labor Day.  In the absence of this accident, I 
would have given it slim odds of passing in the few short weeks until 
adjournment, with appropriations bills taking up most of Congress' precious 
time.   Now there will be greater pressure to come to consensus and move 
bills through by an expedited process, so that everyone running for election 
in November can show that they've done something about this terrible 
tragedy.   With that said, there's still not that much time to get 
legislation through, so I'd say that there's still a chance it may not get 
done this year.   If I had to attach a number to it, I'd say that the El Paso 
accident improves the chances of legislation going all the way to probably 
50-60%.
2)  Gas supply to California:   I'll have to do some more checking in this 
area and get back to you.   All I've heard so far is that the safety 
questions that remain may slow the speed of restarting flow on the line, 
notwithstanding that El Paso thinks it can have things running again fairly 
quickly.   I'm sure the power crunch in California will put some 
counter-pressure on, but I just don't have good intelligence on this yet.
With all this said, I'm on vacation this week and parts of next week 
finishing up some leave I've taken for the birth of our new baby daughter, so 
I may not have an additional report for you until early to mid next week.
If you have questions, please respond by e-mail, or leave a message on my 
voice mail at 202-466-9157.
,
Jeff Keeler
Sent by: Allison Navin
Jeff Keeler in our office handles pipeline safety issues and I am copying him 
on this e-mail so that he may reply to you directly.  Also, Cynthia is out of 
the office through the end of the week but will be reachable tomorrow and 
Friday.  Thanks.
Allison
Clayton Seigle@ECT
08/22/2000 06:29 PM
Hi Cynthia:
The commercial officers here are very concerned with the El Paso pipeline 
explosion in New Mexico.  We would love to get some input from your group on 
the following questions if possible:
1.  What is the status of pipeline safety legislation on the Hill, and what 
is the outlook for action between now and the end of the year?
2.  What are people from California saying about the added pressure on gas 
supplies, and what are people from New Mexico saying about restarting the 
flow of gas while safety questions remain?
These questions come straight from the top, and any information you could 
provide would be very helpful.  Please write me back or call and let me know 
if/when you think we might be able to get some initial answers.
Thanks very much!
Clay 
I think the Qs and As look good. I wouldn't bring up the California situation 
(eliminate the second half of A25).
Eric Thode
08/22/2000 04:53 PM
Comments?
Eric Thode
08/22/2000 04:52 PM
I haven't heard from anyone yet on the Q&A document related to Project 
Stanley.  Any thoughts or comments on the attached?
Eric Thode
08/11/2000 04:31 PM
Attached are the 58 questions prepared by GPC in anticipation of a public 
release on Project Stanley.  The answers have been compiled by numerous 
individuals, including Aleck, Rob, Kevin Wellenius and me.  Please review, 
make changes and return to me at your earliest convenience.  I will compile 
everyone's corrections, additions, etc. and prepare a revised document Thanks.
If you have any questions, call me at ext. 3-9053.
Eric
I realize you have pushed these guys already, but the attached letter would 
be better if not sent at all.  It doesn't address the real underlying problem 
-- that a "reliability bill" on a stand alone basis doesn't fix the problem Instead, the letter implies that the reason for opposition is merely a 
political consideration -- ie that it may reduce Congress' appetite for 
action next year.  If possible, it would be better not to have the letter go 
out at all.
Per my first e-mail, here's MidAmerican's position letter on the stand alone 
Reliability measure.  Seems the best we can do with the utilities who have 
been supporting our position is to have them take a "no position" stance on 
the stand alone bill.
- reliabilityonly.letter.doc
Have we suggested to FERC staff that they force the ISO and PX to open the 
"blackbox" to show how they determine dispatch?  In addtion, if you are not 
on the distribution list for Belden's memo on utility behavior in California 
this summer, I will forward it to you.  It suggests some other areas FERC 
ought to be looking into.
Looks like you got this earlier.  I think it has new relevance in light of 
FERC's announced investigation.
Tim Belden@ECT
08/17/2000 09:34 AM
Here are some more thoughts:
FERC should take a hard look at why the ISO is almost always in an "inc" 
situation in real time.  Without structural incentives to go short into real 
time, I would expect the CAISO to "inc" in some hours and "dec" in others with no consistent patterns.
The IOU's have four choices for purchasing power:  PX Block Forward, PX Day 
Ahead, PX Day Of, and CAISO Ex Post.  They had ample opportunity to purchase 
lower cost power in the PX Block Forward but didn't buy enough.  That left 
them short in the Day Ahead.  They can reduce Day Ahead prices by moving some 
of their load to the Ex Post market.  Dave Parquet did an Econ 101 
presentation on this incentive at the CAISO board meeting in June.
The ISO remains primarily in "inc" mode even during the shoulder months when 
prices are lower, another indicator that the real time "inc" problem is 
driven by the load side rather than the supply side.  The IOU's continue to 
go short into the ISO Ex Post market even when the CAISO Ex Post price is 
consistently above the PX Day Ahead price.
There is evidence that the IOU's are not willing to pay above the CAISO price 
cap for energy from the PX in the Day Ahead market.  Does it matter that the 
price cap for the ISO also acts as a PX price cap?
The NOx market in California is very tight.  How has this contributed to 
higher costs and has the complete lack of available NOx credits prevented any 
generators from running?
How large was the impact of the below normal water year on the supply side The attached presentation quantifies this effect in the Northwest.  (I have a 
theory on how hydro capacity completely overstates reserve margins in the 
west from an economic perspective.  I can go into more detail if you wish.)
Friction between California PX and ISO markets and other western markets For example, why are actual flows going into the state yet prices out side of 
the state are higher?  Another example of anomylous behavior is at COB on 
8/11 and 8/12.  There was congestion from California TO the northwest those 
days in the Day Ahead market.  In real time the NW ended up being a net 
seller of about 3,000 MW from the NW TO California.
Demand Side - we really need to press on this issue because all of the 
proponents of price caps claim that as soon as the demand side is "workably 
competitive" then there is no need for price caps.  Is large-scale economic 
demand response required for a competitive market?  What if demand response 
is there, but at very high prices?  The demand response in California is a 
joke.  With 2700 MW of interuptible, why did the utilities and the CAISO only 
get around 600 MW of economic demand response.  Much of this response comes 
at $1500/MWh.  The assymetric treatment of supply side resources and demand 
side resources can be justified on environmental grounds, but not economic 
grounds.  So why this assymetric treatment?  This gets to the question of the 
fine line between "scarcity rents" which are ok, and market power which is 
not.  If power is scarce, and demand truly values it at $1500/MWh then 
shouldn't that be the price.  At what price would the rest of the 
interuptible load economically curtail?  Bottom line -- there are about 2,000 
MW of load that should be able to respond to price signals that chooses not 
to or values power at more than $1500/MWh.
Burden of proof -- what empirical measures should be used to assess market 
power?  The reports published to date have been unimpressive.  The Market 
Analysis Unit report, for example, does a bunch of handwaving and then 
concludes that there is market power.  But they never explain why.  I would 
think that proof might be something like this:  Generator X sets price y% of 
the time when loads exceed Z MWs.  Or, four generators set price 80% of the 
time when prices exceed $200/MWh.  They have all the data to be able to tell, 
yet they don't provide any empirical measures.  The only test I've heard of 
so far is the UC Energy Institute report that demonstrates that generators 
are submitting bids above their marginal cost.  The PX report states that 
supply bids are fewer and at higher prices than last year.  They fail to 
mention the fact that there are 5,000 fewer MW of hydro this year relative to 
last.
James D Steffes@EES
08/17/2000 06:18 AM
As we begin to meet with FERC Staff on the Wholesale market issues related to 
CA problems, I think that we need to put together a list of questions that 
FERC needs to be asking Western power market participants 
The following are some questions that I think are important to have FERC ask; 
I'm sure there are more.
1. Were California utilities underscheduling load into the PX day ahead 
market 2. How many MWs did the CA ISO procure during each hour during the Summer 
2000?  How does this compare with CA ISO procurement during 1999?
3. Has PG&E changed its bidding behavior associated with its Hydro facilities 
in 2000 3. Are there baseload facilities that were operated differently in 2000 than 
in 1999?
4. Were any generation plants off-line due to unplanned maintenance during 
Summer 2000?
5. How did the CA ISO demand side program work?  Why didn't more load 
participate 6. What options did SDG&E have to "hedge" its retail rates?  What were prices 
in the CAL PX block forward market on Jan 15, 2000 and May 15, 2000?
7. How high did natural gas prices go in California for generation during 
Summer 2000?
8. Were other Western power markets prices higher (year-on-year)?
9. Did the CA ISO Board face political pressure to reduce bid caps?  Is this 
appropriate for a FERC jurisdictional entity?
10. What specific details is SDG&E referring to in its Complaint on 
"unworkably competitive" CA ISO markets?  Can these be fixed "quickly"?
Please add other questions.
Jim
It's hard to formulate a position without more of the specifics, but I think 
our message should generally be:
We support providing immediate rate relief to small residential customers We believe that relief is best provided by giving San Diego the ability to 
procure power on a fixed price basis from the market.  San Diego has offers 
in front of it now; those should be evaluated and the legislature and the 
commission should give San Diego the flexibility to accept one or more of 
them.  This is sounder than running huge deferrals (deficits) to be later 
recovered from consumers.
Rate relief should be accompanied by real reform.  Rate caps have bad long 
term consequences: they cause shortages.  Combining short-medium term rate 
relief with expedited siting of new facilities will address the near term 
problem while laying the proper groundwork for a long term solution.
Bruno Gaillard@EES
08/24/2000 11:08 AM
This email reflects today's events in Sacramento. The information provided is 
subject to change because of constant flux. However it is important for us to 
provide this information for feedback and to caution as to new regulations 
that may affect some deals in the making .
Governor Davis, Assembly Women Susan Davis, and Senator Alpert had a press 
conference.
They will introduce a rate/bill stabilization plan for SDG&E and an 
expediting siting bill. There is no language as of yet. 
Although there is no specific language, the following elements may be 
included:
The stabilization plan will be applicable to residential and probably 
commercial customers in SDG&E
The bill cap may be set at $68 for residential.
The cap will be in place until the end of 2002
There will be language on expediting siting for generation plants  
Sam Wehn and Sandra McCubbin have been talking with the CEC executive 
director and several legislators about the siting portion of the bill. 
Any comments as to the bill cap proposal?
I will be out of town that day (a meeting I can't move).  Please continue to 
let me know about future meetings.
Lora Sullivan@
12/16/99 03:25 PM
Enron Task Force Member
At the call of Joe Hillings we plan to hold a meeting of the ESC Enron Task 
Force in Houston on Friday 1/14/00 from 8:00 AM until Noon.  We would like to 
have dinner at a Houston restaurant on 1/13/00 @ 7:00 PM.
If you are able to attend all or part of the meeting please advise.  Details 
on dinner and Enron Building room location to follow.
Joe Hillings
Bruno Gaillard@EES
08/24/2000 01:45 PM
Attached is the final Duque decision. It is the clean version of the draft I 
faxed on 8/21 
In case you didn't receive the final version of the decision voted out on  
Monday approving the Duque "rate stabilization plan," here it  is.? The Wood 
and Lynch dissents will be sent separately.
?
Dan
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2000 17:25:38 -0400
?
?
- Ivy.gif
- CPUC01-#77888-v-1-I0008002_Carew_Letter.DOC
In the second paragraph we should delete the "partnership" statement.  I 
think it's more effective to refer to the New Power Company's risk management 
capabilities (as provided by Enron, if necessary).  That's the basis for the 
ability to guarantee savings (not economies of scale).  I am also concerned 
that the current statement implies that Enron is taking the risk on the 
commodity price guarantees.
Peggy Mahoney@EES
08/24/2000 01:15 PM
See draft release below.  I have made some suggestions.  Let me know what you 
think by Friday at 10:00am.
Peggy 
Kathy Johnson
08/22/2000 12:56 PM
Peggy:
Attached is the first draft of an announcement that we're targeting for 
release before market opening on Monday, August 28th.
It announces our entry into the New Jersey and Pennsylvania markets (and 
guess what, we're already beginning to sign up customers as of yesterday We'd put it out on PR Newswire (nationally) as well as to all the key 
industry trades.
Please feel free to pass it along for comments to the usual crew at Enron.
Thanks!
Kathy
Mark Koenig
08/24/2000 05:31 PM
Steve and Mark - FYI.  I would prefer not to state that Pug is on our Finance 
committee, and the reference to Enron's stake being substantial.  I will call 
Diane and let her know.  I assume Jeff and Ken and Pug will get a chance to 
approve this.  MEK
Diane Bazelides@AZURIX
08/24/2000 02:22 PM
Attached are the latest documents.  We plan to issue the release at 8 a.m. 
CDT tomorrow.
Steven J Kean@EES
08/24/2000 12:28 PM
Sent by: Steven J Kean@EES
It's hard to formulate a position without more of the specifics, but I think 
our message should generally be:
We support providing immediate rate relief to small residential customers We believe that relief is best provided by giving San Diego the ability to 
procure power on a fixed price basis from the market.  San Diego has offers 
in front of it now; those should be evaluated and the legislature and the 
commission should give San Diego the flexibility to accept one or more of 
them.  This is sounder than running huge deferrals (deficits) to be later 
recovered from consumers.
Rate relief should be accompanied by real reform.  Rate caps have bad long 
term consequences: they cause shortages.  Combining short-medium term rate 
relief with expedited siting of new facilities will address the near term 
problem while laying the proper groundwork for a long term solution.
Bruno Gaillard@EES
08/24/2000 11:08 AM
This email reflects today's events in Sacramento. The information provided is 
subject to change because of constant flux. However it is important for us to 
provide this information for feedback and to caution as to new regulations 
that may affect some deals in the making .
Governor Davis, Assembly Women Susan Davis, and Senator Alpert had a press 
conference.
They will introduce a rate/bill stabilization plan for SDG&E and an 
expediting siting bill. There is no language as of yet. 
Although there is no specific language, the following elements may be 
included:
The stabilization plan will be applicable to residential and probably 
commercial customers in SDG&E
The bill cap may be set at $68 for residential.
The cap will be in place until the end of 2002
There will be language on expediting siting for generation plants  
Sam Wehn and Sandra McCubbin have been talking with the CEC executive 
director and several legislators about the siting portion of the bill. 
Any comments as to the bill cap proposal?
We don't have revised versions yet.  when we do, we will probably only want 
to put some (not all) of the documents on the intranet.
Gavin Dillingham@_DEVELOPMENT
08/24/2000 02:06 PM
Have we received the newly revised principles, facts and statements for the 
Luntz Focus Groups? I was hoping to place these on the California power issue 
database. 
Thanks,
Gavin
Elizabeth Linnell@
08/21/2000 12:41 PM
Sent by: Elizabeth Linnell@
Maureen McVicker
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Hi Steven,
Attached is the first of four documents that we have prepared for
the focus groups.  All of the exercises are works in progress and I am
sending them to you for comments. (Hopefully, we are on the right track.)
As we discussed, I am happy to fly down to Houston tomorrow so that we can
review these materials together.  If, however, you feel that we can edit the
exercises via email that's fine too. Just let me know which arrangement
makes you the most sense to you. Hope all is well.
,
Liz
- anti regulation speech.doc
Maureen McVicker
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Attached please find a sheet of facts regarding deregulation.
- Facts 2.doc
Maureen McVicker
08/21/2000 11:43 AM
Attached please find a sheet of principles.  We would like your suggestions
for 3 or 4 more.
- Principles 2.doc
Maureen McVicker
08/21/2000 11:44 AM
Attached please find a sheet of pro and con statements.
- Statements.doc
I agree that we should not be opposing rate caps for small customers and 
schools, but I think we should be pounding on the fact that market 
participants have been putting offers in front of sdge and that allowing the 
market to provide this solution is superior to legislated caps that require 
the creation of huge deferrals (and more problems in the future).
Can we make that argument work?
Mona L Petrochko
08/24/2000 09:45 PM
I attended Cmmr. Wood's two-day hearing on Wholesale Markets, which concluded 
today (8/24) in San Diego.  Three Commissioner's were present (Wood, Lynch 
and Neeper) with Duque and Bilas participating by phone.  Administrative Law 
Judge Wetzel was present and a transcript was taken.  The quasi-legislative 
hearing was the beginning of a record developed for the investigation into 
the workings of wholesale/retail markets.  This session focused on Wholesale 
markets.  There will be subsequent sessions on retail issues, market 
structure and other related issues in the future.  My conclusion from this 
session is that Wood is looking for support for increasing regulatory 
intervention in the market.
Dan Larcamp, Director of the Office of markets, Tariffs and Rates, FERC, was 
present.  He relayed FERC's concern of this matter and a desire to hold 
hearings in San Diego.  He also relayed that Hoecker held a press conference 
announcing the opening of a 206 investigative proceeding into the operation 
of the wholesale markets in California, which carried with it refund 
authority.
The format of the hearing was to respond to pre-filed questions developed by 
Wood/Lynch.  Each member of the panel would respond to the questions and any 
questions posed by the Commissioners, the Judge or the CPUC Attorney.  No 
questions were posed by members of the audience.  Yesterday's panel of 
academics were comprised of:
1.  Dr. Timothy Duane-UC Berkley
2.  Dr. William Hogan-Harvard
3.  Dr. Frank Wolak-Stanford (ISO Market Surveillance Committee)
4.  David Marcus-Energy Consultant for the Coaltion of Utility Employees
5.  Dr. Gene Coyle
6.  Dr. Jean-Michel Glachant, Universite Paris I Pantheon Sorbonne
The panel was asked to speak as individuals and not on behalf of any 
institutions they may represent.  While the purpose of the panel seemed to be 
to determine that market power was being exercised and that prices were too 
high and therefore not just and reasonable, the panelist stopped short of 
blaming generators and market participants in behaving illegally.  The 
concensus generally was that market power did exist at various times, but the 
mere existence did not constitute bad behavior.  None, with the exception of 
Dr. Wolak who is in the process of doing a study using recent data as part of 
his role for the Market Surveillance Committee, had done a study.  There was 
some discussion, though not much, of the monopsony power of the utilities.  I 
think ultimately the group conceded that scarcity of supply amplified 
concerns about the exercise of market power, as even the increase in gas 
costs did not fully explain the recent spikes.  Wolak believes that encourage 
utilities to enter into forward purchases will reduce the exercise of 
real-time market power. 
Hogan seemed to be there with Sempra's interests in mind.  He continued to 
promote expansion of the ISO's abilities to dispatch load as well as maintain 
system reliability.  There was alot of discussion about forward purchase 
ability for utilities so as to be less subject to volatile market prices The concerns were also discussed about the appropriateness of a distribution 
utility making purchasing decisions on behalf of its customers.  This 
included discussion of separation of these functions and the default provider 
role 
Most everyone agreed that rolling back to a regulated market was not feasible 
without raising other major and serious concerns, however there seemed to be 
support for some interim measures where cost-of-service regulation may be a 
good idea and that was during peak periods.  All agreed that a demand 
response, and price signals, are important in the long-run, although not to 
the extent currently experienced in San Diego.
Today's panel included representatives from SDG&E, SCE and PG&E, TURN, UCAN 
and ORA 
While yesterday's panel maintained objectivity as to whether or not 
generators were exercising market power to the detriment of the system, 
today's panel made no bones about the generators being to blame.
SCE/PG&E indicated their need for relief for recovery of market costs in 
excess of the rate freeze.  SDG&E was still on the hot seat for their 
inaction in hedging any of their supply.  SDG&E brought up their failed PBR 
proposal and ORA and UCAN thought that that may be one way to incent the 
utility to be more responsible with their purchases.
UCAN discussed the Governor's direction and the potential for putting rate 
caps into affect for residential and small commercial.  He mentioned that C&I 
customers are experience difficulties as well 
TURN raised the need for cost-based bid caps and cost-based peaking 
contracts.  Mike Florio, TURN, urged against any further divestitute of 
assets and alleged market concentration on those assets that had been 
divested.  In fact, TURN urged the Commission to seek legislation to clarify 
the Commission's authority to order retention of assets.
Neeper urged that part of the solution should be changing the current 
requirement to use the PX as the only authorized exchange, although TURN 
disagreed 
Bruno Gaillard
08/24/2000 06:09 PM
Siting related bills
1. Good new - The Williamson Act passed the Senate 34-1, It should be heard 
at the assembly Saturday or Monday if it is not redirected to a Committee 
hearing.
2. There was a long meeting with Ducheny with   to AB 970. The enviro's 
boycotted, they want to draft a bill with Keeley. Labor was obstructionist they wanted to gut all the expediting siting  language with   to all 
facilities except for the peaking plants 
Rate Cap related bills
1. The Edison Language on Rate Stabilization may not go anywhere. Edison has 
not found an author because of the efforts of Enron and others lobbying 
against it. Furthermore there are signs that Gov. Davis opposes it.
2. The Governor's office has issued a proposed language for a rate cap bill. 
The language however is not available as of yet. It may be released today or 
tomorrow. SDG&E has shown concerns over the content of the bill. They seem to 
think that it is worse than initially proposed by the Governor in his press 
release. 
The bill includes retroactive rate caps through 6/1/00. 
The rate cap could reflect Wood's rate cap proposal (6.5 cts cap on the 
energy component
The bill does not specify who or how the costs associated with the cap will 
be recovered. (The reasoning is that UDCs will be more cautious in their 
procurement if there is uncertainty on who is responsible for the costs.)
All of this is speculative. We hope to see the actual language soon.
3. Enron has been working with the Republican leadership to promote a rate 
cap proposal similar to the amended language we have proposed for AB2290.
The bill focuses only on SDG&E customers and our major principals are the 
following. 
The Interim Rate Cap should be limited to residential and small commercial 
customers, plus specific institutions that have a significant public role, 
such as schools and hospitals The Interim Rate Cap should be limited to the period ending December 31, 2001.
The Interim Rate Cap must be structured so that any undercollection is 
eventually recovered from the same customers who benefit from the lower rates 
provided by the rate cap 
Christopher F Calger@ECT
08/24/2000 06:04 PM
Steve,
SDG&E came out with the attached RFP for fixed price power.  They are 
requesting proposals for several standard blocks through 12/03.  Responses 
are due August 30.  ENA/EPMI will be prepared to respond, if appropriate.  In 
the meantime, we continue to price the full requirements residential 
structure and await any news from the governor's office/legislature.  I can 
be reached at 503-464-3735.
,
Chris
Christopher F Calger@ECT
08/24/2000 06:04 PM
Steve,
SDG&E came out with the attached RFP for fixed price power.  They are 
requesting proposals for several standard blocks through 12/03.  Responses 
are due August 30.  ENA/EPMI will be prepared to respond, if appropriate.  In 
the meantime, we continue to price the full requirements residential 
structure and await any news from the governor's office/legislature.  I can 
be reached at 503-464-3735.
,
Chris
calendar
Joseph Alamo @ EES
08/24/2000 06:00 PM
On behalf of Enron Host Bruno Gaillard, please consider this an invitation to 
participate 
in a conference call regarding California legislative and regulatory 
updates.  You may join the call on:
Date:    Friday,  August 25, 2000
Time:    1:00 PM PDT/3:00 PM CDT/4:00 PM EDT
Call-in Number:  1-877-233-7845
Pass Code:   126069
Host Code (Bruno only): 494209
Thanks in advance for your participation.
Joseph Alamo
Sr. Administrative Assistant
Government Affairs - The Americas
San Francisco CA 
Rosie -- please check Ken's calendar.  This would be a great one to do if we 
can squeeze it in.
Nick -- congrats on what looks like a great new opportunity to make 
progress.  I am in all week and would love to talk to you and Joe.  If we 
can't otherwise make schedules work, call me at home after hours Houston time 
(713-621-6550).
Nicholas O'Day
08/27/2000 10:49 PM
Nicholas O'Day
08/28/2000 12:28 PM
Steve,
Over the last month the Japanese regulators and Government have come to the 
realization that the electricity deregulation initiatives implemented in 
March of this year have not stimulated competition in the manner in which 
they had expected. MITI and the Government are currently examining why the 
initiatives implemented in March are falling short of expectations and 
looking to move the 2003 review forward to next year. There are currently two 
multi party committees looking at the energy sector. The ruling Liberal 
Democratic Party also has one committee looking at energy. In addition, MITI 
is in the process of forming a new advisory group comprising academics to 
consider the next stage of deregulation. 
As you are aware, we have been working the regulatory aspects through MITI 
and the US Government for some time now with a degree of success - in fact, 
the majority of our 12 month goals have been achieved. Recently, with the 
addition of Kimura, we have increased our level of contact with senior 
political figures in Japan.
Both MITI and the USG continue to seek Enron's views on issues relating to 
the current deregulation process and the way Enron wants to see electricity 
deregulation. We have recently addressed the parliamentary Deregulation 
Committee which reports to the Prime Minister and regularly provide 
educational presentations to MITI on issues relevant to deregulation. 
Further, senior political figures are now recognizing that Enron can assist 
in the deregulation process in a positive way.
What we appear to have in Japan in the electricity sector is a reasonably 
clean slate and the opportunity to have a major say in how things should be 
structured in the future.
Ken Lay's links with the Republican Presidential campaign has received media 
attention in Japan and it is believed in Government circles here that he will 
receive a cabinet position if Gov. Bush is elected. As a result, Mr Lay 
currently carries a great deal of weight in senior Government circles in 
Japan. In the period prior to the Presidential election, we have an ideal 
opportunity to get our message across at the highest levels of the Japanese 
Government through Mr Lay.
A meeting between Mr Lay and Prime Minister and other senior Government 
members would significantly increase Enron's profile in Japan and assist in 
conveying our vision for the next phase of deregulation.
If Mr Lay were to visit Japan, possibly in late October or early November, we 
would also look at coordinating the Tokyo office opening with the visit and 
arrange a number of high level commercial meetings. Prime Minister Mori and 
the US Ambassador have already expressed an interest in attending the office 
opening. 
Both Joe Hirl and I would like to speak with you further about the above. 
When would be a convenient time?
kind 
fyi
Gary Fitch@ on 12/16/99 09:55:24 AM
Fred, below is the report from my chief of Maintenance regarding the Black 
Mesa aircraft.
In a nut shell, after reviewing this information, I feel it would be 
appropriate to contract for this service.  The liabilities associated with it 
are not worth it when you consider it can be done, probably less than you are 
paying now, by a local provider and receive the same results We would be more than happy to provide you with an approximate value for the 
aircraft and get you in touch with a broker to sell the TU206G If you plan on continuing this operation with the Mesa owned aircraft, I 
suggest you put the responsibility in the hands of an aviation contractor who 
will be ultimately responsible to Mesa, not only with the upkeep of the 
aircraft, services/reports desired on patrol, but also the contracting of 
flight crews.
If you desire, we will locate a contractor in Arizona to review the 
operation.  I would expect the cost not to exceed $2,000-$3,000 at the most Please call if you have any other questions or if you desire any additional 
help Keith Jones
12/16/99 08:58 AM
Gary,
I spoke with a Mr. Sil Perla, pipeline patrol manager for Black Mesa Pipeline 
Co., Tele 520-774-5076.  As follows:
Aircraft:    1977 Cessna TU206G "Turbo Stationaire" Six place single engine 
high wing aircraft
Hours:    ACTT 3270 Engine Time since new 350 hrs  PropTime since overhaul 
1725.0 hrs (O/H date unknown)
Insp Program:   50/100 hr inspections and Annual Inspections.  Approximately 
two 100 hr inspections per year average.  Last Annual inspection completed July 1999.
1) No maintenance performed "in-house".  All maintenance performed at Arizona 
Aircraftsman Inc., Presscott, Arizona.  This facility is a Certified Repair 
Sation and a Cessna factory authorized service center.
2) Maintenance is scheduled by the pilots.  Mr. Perla doesn't appear to get 
envolved in the scheduling of maintenance.  I spoke with Mr. John Aderholt at 
Arizona Aircraftsman, Inc. and he said that the pilots schedule and deliver 
the aircraft for maintenance.  I asked how AD's and SB's were tracked and he 
seemed to feel that they weren't.  The only time AD's/SB's were checked was 
when the aircraft was in the maintenance facility.  Mr. Perla said he was not 
familiar with Airworthiness Directives (AD's) and more or less confirmed 
this.  Mr. AderholtArizona Aircraftsman said the aircraft was in very good 
condition and that it was a low time aircraft.  He said they did very 
thorough inspections and that Black Mesa usually didn't have a problem with 
any needed repairs.
3) The aircraft is used twice a month and flies a 546 mile trip at 300 feet 
above ground level, VFR day only.  The aircraft averages 20 - 40 hours per  
month.  Mr. Aderholt mentioned that the aircraft had flown 50 hours since the 
Annual inspection in July this year.  They occasionally will have a passenger 
but he said this is rare.  If someone wants to fly along the patrol the 
aircraft will stop and drop someone off at a plant, etc., but again this is 
rare.
4) He uses "rental pilots" for the patrols.  Currently he only has two he 
uses.  One has over 2000 multi/single time and the other has over 23000 hours 
in a little of everything.  The main "go-to" pilot is a gentleman named Rick 
Olsen; he's the 2000 + hr guy.  Mr. Perla said they both qualify for 
insurance purposes.
5) The pilots will review the maintenance logs for currency and accuracy and 
the repair invoices for discrepancies and action taken.  Mr. Perla didn't 
seem to get envolved in this.  I further confirmed this through Arizona 
Aircraftsman; that Mr. Perla definately does not get envolved in the 
maintenance of the aircraft.  He leaves it strictly to the pilots.  There are 
only two repetative AD's on the airplane, both due each 100 hrs.
Summary: Mr. Perla said he has been with Black Mesa for two or three years 
and that he was fairly new at this.  My impression is that he doesn't get 
envolved with the particulars of aviation and therefore doesn't really have 
much input as far as the actual operation and maintenance of the aircraft is 
concerned.  The aircraft itself is probably in very good condition and is a 
very reliable workhorse that can endure its fair share of rough usage Although the aircraft is a simple and durable single engine aircraft; and its 
operation is relatively easy.  I believe it would be prudent to conduct a 
thorough review of the aircraft and records.  And establish a stable base of 
operations that is familiar with the legalities, and safe operation of a 
single engine aircraft.  In my opinion it appears that no one is paying 
attention to the details!
A few items in particular are:
a) The prop overhaul date is unkown.  The factory recommends an overhaul each 
five years.
b) No one is responsible for AD's and SB's.  Apparently they do not go to Mr. 
Perla, but to some other office.
c) Other details like ELT battery dates, operation in accordance with FAR's 
etc. may not be monitered adequately.
d) Mr. Perla mentioned that he is going to have some interior work and 
avionics upgrades next year.  Assuming his limited knowledge of aviation, 
what  assurances do we have of a legal and safe installation.
Bill MacDonald  August 25, 2000
Dear Subscriber:
Compensation Resource Group, Inc.,   would like to=20
thank you for taking an interest in our 2000 Survey of Current Trends - A=20
survey of Executive Benefits for the Fortune 1000. We would like to let you=20
know that a full color PDF version of the seventh annual survey has been=20
posted to CRG=01,s Publications web page To download a free copy of the Survey:
1. Go to  
2. Type in your E-Mail address and click Login.
3. If you have not previously registered with us, you will be asked to fill=20
out the short registration form.  Once you complete the form, click "SUBMIT".
Then you can download and print.
Once again we would like to thank you for your continued interest.
=20
Sincerely,
William L. MacDonald
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
=20
Gavin Dillingham@_DEVELOPMENT
08/25/2000 05:16 PM
Mass. To Join N.Y., Calif In Market-based Elec Rates 
Add Mona Petrochko, peggy mahoney and Rob Bradley
Gavin Dillingham@_DEVELOPMENT
08/25/2000 04:55 PM
We have developed an intranet site/database for information tracking purposes 
for the California Power Issue. The intranet site will be placed on the 
home.enron.com webpage by Tuesday morning for all Enron employees to access. 
However, today, this comprehensive database is available to you for your 
California Power Issue needs. 
The database has been populated with the latest information that I have 
California Power Issues, National Power Issues and Secured Documents. It has 
then been broken down further into subcategories.
The secured documents sections will only be accessible to those that are 
receiving this e-mail. Please let me know if you believe others should have 
access to this information. The secured document section contains all the 
information that I have received that Luntz Consulting has helped us develop, 
i.e. principals, statements, speeches and facts, as well as, talking points 
and other statements developed internally. These documents can be easily 
switched to open access to all Enron employees if you believe that these 
documents should not be restricted.
To access the intranet site you must be logged on to the network and then go 
to this link:     (It is best 
if you copy this link and paste it in your internet Explorer or Netscape 
browser.)
Once you are at this site you will  be able to access all articles and 
information that I have collected/received concerning the California Power 
Issue. You can navigate the site by using the links on the left hand side of 
the screen. While navigating this site, keep in mind that the actual 
interface will be changed before we go live on Tuesday morning. 
To access the secured documents, click on secured documents and type in your 
user name, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network, and then 
type in your password, which is the same as if you are logging onto the 
network. However, if you have difficulties entering this site, you will need 
to change your Lotus internet password. Which is very simple to do and which 
you will need to do regardless if you decide to use this site or not, it is 
all part of the current computer migration. To change your internet password, 
go to this link  and then hit the edit person key. Go to the last field that 
says internet password and type in whatever password you would like, 
preferably your current network login password. (In the internet password 
section you will see a bunch of numbers and letters, delete those and enter 
your new network password 
There are still some bugs that will be worked out by Tuesday, but I thought 
since this is such a fast moving issue it was best to get this tool out so it 
could be used when needed. If you have any questions, please call me at 
713-853-4382.
Thanks,
Gavin 
Please send to the distribution list
Didn't know if you saw this column in today's LA Times, but he makes some
good arguments 
   JAMES FLANIGAN: Simple Steps May Ease Self-Inflicted
 Electricity Woes
   Los Angeles Times -- August 25, 2000  [Return to Headlines]