Hi John,
Thanks for your call the other day.  The team is currently focused on getting 
the funding approved, as you can see from the attached.  Also, we have had 
some discussions with Fuel Cells about the contract to purchase the 
equipment.  I expect to forward a draft to you soon for a sanity check.  It 
may be a Connecticut law contract due to the State's involvement.  The next 
big item will be the project development agreement.  The tax credit 
monetization is still on the horizon, and if the funding approval is granted, 
we will want to talk about your sense of how that might work.
Again, thanks for checking  in.
Kay
Heather Kroll@ECT
11/13/2000 09:42 AM
Attached you will find a redlined version reflecting changes made since the 
last version we provided you all.  Also attached are a "clean" version 
incorporating the changes, a motion for protective order, exhibits and 
pre-filed testimony.
If you have any questions, please contact Sandra at 240-6071.
Cheryl L. Levick
Murtha Cullina LLP
185 Asylum Street, 29th Floor
Hartford, CT 06103
(860) 240-6000 x2072
clevick@murthalaw.com
This message originates from the law firm of Murtha Cullina LLP.  The 
information contained in this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be 
a confidential attorney-client communication or may otherwise be privileged 
and confidential.  If the reader of this message, regardless of the address 
or routing, is not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you 
have received this transmittal in error and any review, use, distribution, 
dissemination or copying is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this 
message in error, please delete this e-mail and all files transmitted with it 
from your system and immediately notify Murtha Cullina LLP by sending a reply 
e-mail to the sender of this message.  Thank you.
clevick@murthalaw.com
- Hartford_506961_1.DOC
- Hartford_506961_2.DOC
- Hartford_507618_1.XLS
- Hartford_506308_1.DOC
- Hartford_506399_1.DOC
- Hartford_506792_1.DOC
- FUELCELL2.JPG
- FUELCELL1.JPG
Here's how it is shaping up:
We have a fence appointment for noon, the Wednesday before Thanksgiving That is the first opening, but there is always a chance of a cancellation. 
Just in case there is an earlier opening, the utility people will be out 
tomorrow. Therefore, we need to have BOTH dogs put up tomorrow, and the gate 
open.
We have a noon appointment with John Foster THIS Wednesday.  There is a $20 
consulting fee.  This is the same day Michael's class sings in chapel at 115, 
so this isn't too bad.  I have a 130 staff meeting, but maybe I can miss it The work will NOT be done that day, as far as I know.
If we have  a hope of leaving town the week of Thanksgiving, we need a 
reservation at the kennel.  Do we have one yet?  I would say we might want 
one Fri and Sat night. Also, we might want to consider boarding Jack this 
week for a couple of days, so we don't have to do the crate trip.  We should 
be ok Saturday-Wednesday, since I'm planning on being home, and Paige will be 
home on Tuesday.
Kay
Hi Peter,
Do you have a new ETA yet?  I need to manage expectations on this end.
Thanks,
Kay
I should have the revised agreement to you by 11 AM CST.  I had hoped to
have it to you earlier, but we have experienced some technical
difficulties as a result of the conversion of our system over the
weekend.
Hi Geneva,
The instruction sheet mentions a gift bag.  Do I pick this up at drop off?
Thanks,
Kay
Peter,
If I can get the clean version, I'm happy to run a blackline here.  Maybe 
getting out of your system would help!
Thanks,
Kay
Our IT folks in Houston are still trying to run the blackline.  I was
told it would only be a few more minutes.
Blackline to follow.
Kay
Sorry for the delay.  Here is the most recent draft of the GE Turbine
Agreement.  I will send the blackline shortly (I hope).
- Gas Turbine Purchase Agreement.DOC
No problem.
Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT
FYI, Debbie advised me that the Canadian group has asked that she interface 
on the turbine acquisition. Please make sure, as best you can, that the 
appropriate persons are involved in the negotiations with Peoples and ABB. I 
don't have a preference as to who is doing what, just want to make sure we're 
all coordinated.
Thanks,
Ben
Rusty,
Let's meet at your convenience.  We need to identify some of the tripping 
points and critical path items, especially since our goal (I assume) will be 
to keep equipment, EPC contracts, land (?), etc off Enron's balance sheet 
while things are developing.  Talking through the process should help.
Kay
Rusty Stevens
06/28/2000 10:51 AM
Attached is a proposal that was shared with PERC last week.  We are now 
awaiting PERC's response.  I am assuming that they will agree to the terms 
since their alternative is to lose $ on the units at resale with no 
opportunity for recapture 
I wanted to give you a "heads-up" since the timing will be is tight once I 
get the green light to proceed with legal docs.  Please let me know what 
documents we will need and how you suggest we expedite the process (LOI or 
otherwise).
Calumet Project Participation (with ABB's):
ENA has verbally told them we will not participate in Calumet and the LLC 
term to get to execution has expired.
Upon release by Laura/Ben - need to send them formal notice under the PDA 
that we are withdrawing our notice of interest to participate in Calumet.
Going Forward:
We need to put the general terms in the proposal into a formal document Letter of Intent authorizing us to take control of the development/site sales 
process at our expense - if they the deal unwinds we get reimbursed for our 
direct costs spent to further perfect/sell their sites.
Assess PERC's legal position with ABB (was it fraud or gross negligence that 
ABB failed to mention this problem they've known about for 10 years Authorization/indemnification from PERC to negotiate with ABB to grant 
contract concessions that will benefit Enron Canada as subsequent owner.
Enron Canada will likely be involved as lead negotiater with ABB - who in 
legal will work with ENA/Enron Canada on this ?
Timing Enron Canada - To meet their 2001 schedule we need to have legal 
authorization to engage ABB by early-July.
"Pitch Book" - In its current form includes Calumet/Torrence we need 
authorization from PERC - Bruce is expecting to begin circulation by week of 
July 10th.
EPC contractors -  They bid Calumet using ABB, and we want them to re-bid for 
LM 6000's.  Need authorization from PERC (July 14th or sooner) with cost 
coverage provisions, since the EPC contractors are likely to want to charge 
us $50-$100k to re-bid the deal. 
Here's the blacklined version.
Kay
Here is the blackline showing changes made from version 5.  Again, I
apologize for the delay.  As you can see, the blackline has deleted
certain section headings and internal section cites. I will have IT
debug version 6, so this shouldn't affect any future blacklines.
Most recent (but not final) Turbopark/GE contract.  More to come 
Kay
Sorry for the delay.  Here is the most recent draft of the GE Turbine
Agreement.  I will send the blackline shortly (I hope).
- Gas Turbine Purchase Agreement.DOC
ABB WestLB agreement.
Kay
Hi Paul,
This will need the same facilities agreement treatment as the GE contract we 
are working on.
Thanks,
Kay
Kay:
Attached is the final version:
Kay Mann
11/13/2000 02:05 PM
Here's the blacklined version.
Kay
Here is the blackline showing changes made from version 5.  Again, I
apologize for the delay.  As you can see, the blackline has deleted
certain section headings and internal section cites. I will have IT
debug version 6, so this shouldn't affect any future blacklines.
Print job.
Here is the blackline showing changes made from version 5.  Again, I
apologize for the delay.  As you can see, the blackline has deleted
certain section headings and internal section cites. I will have IT
debug version 6, so this shouldn't affect any future blacklines.
Greetings,
I'm working with Sheila Tweed and others at ENA and EECC in developing a more 
standardized contract with GE for equipment purchases.  The goal is to 
develop a more efficient contracting process, and to avoid negotiating the 
same  points repeatedly, with varying results among business units.  Sheila 
has suggested that I drop you a line to see if this is something you might 
find interesting and/or helpful.
You now have my email address, and my phone number is 713 345 7566.  Please 
let me know your thoughts about participating in the process.
Thank you,
Kay
Thanks!
Sorry the bags came in but they were wrong and we had to order from NewYork 
and they will arrive in 2 weeks.  I will email everyone when they can pick up 
their bags and labels.
Kay Mann
11/13/2000 01:12 PM
Hi Geneva,
The instruction sheet mentions a gift bag.  Do I pick this up at drop off?
Thanks,
Kay
Not today.  Let's get feedback from GE today.  Plus, the document has a lot 
of formatting glitches and it looks terrible 
Does that work?
Kay
Kay - are we at the point that Lisa Alfaro should look at this and at least 
be able to tell Brett and the Elektrobolt team the terms?
R.
Hi Peter,
When do you  think we will have a pretty compared document?
Thanks,
Kay
Scott,
Here are letters to Westinghouse, as revised to reflect our comments.
Kay
For your reading pleasure 
Lisa,
Thank you for the timely comments.
Credit support.  On the issue of credit support for a project company 
partially owned by Enron, ABB has some concerns even when Enron still holds 
an equity interest due to some late payment problems they had in the past 
with an Enron project company.  Also, the ABB and GE payment schedules are 
different, with GE being more front end loaded. For example, GE will have 
ready to ship; by the time the last 6 units are ready to ship, they will have 
ABB unit until delivery (15%) and acceptance (10%) of that particular unit.
Effective date.  The typical reason for an earlier effective date is to 
capture any work which ABB may have chosen to do during the option period in 
order to hold their guaranteed completion dates.  In the GE contract we 
addressed the issue in section 30.3, stating that it governs all work 
performed pursuant to the agreement in principle. It is fine with me to make 
the effective date a current one.
Price change. I will confirm why the prices changed $78,000 from the latest 
option agreement. I suspect there were changes in the specifications since 
the data sheets have changed 
Hope this was helpful.
Kay
Here are my comments:
Assignment Language:
in (i) "WestLB" should be changed to "Purchaser"
in (ii) - although this is a business point I think it is important to 
question: why should we provide credit support to the JV/partnership/llc when 
we are required to keep a min. 19.5% interest?  This is not a GE requirement 
and it is a doubling up of Enron-type support which will make the venture 
much more expensive to finance.
Purchase Agreement:
Def. of Business Day:  let's add New York since this is where WestLB funds 
from.
2.1(B):  It should be "Agent's" person to approve change orders, not 
"Purchaser's"
2.2:  "Purchaser" should be used rather than "WestLB" since it is not as 
limiting.
7.1:  Why is the Effective Date backdated to the date of the first option 
agreement execution date?
Exhibit N - Purchase Amount Reconciliation:  The total amount of the three 
purchase amounts is $78M less than the same amounts detailed in the latest 
Option Agreement.  I'd like to understand why this is, especially in light of 
the Effective Date in 7.1, to insure that AA won't determine that the Option 
Premiums paid were somehow a deposit or credit toward the purchase price of 
the transformers.
, Lisa
Matthew Berry@ECT
07/05/2000 02:43 PM
Gentlemen,
I've made some changes to the assignment language of the ABB contract. The 
language is not identical to the LM 6000 language, but is substantially the 
same, and in some respects better.  Please let me know if you have any 
substantive comments:
I am also attaching the current draft of the contract.  It is being revised 
to incorporate delivery dates and to clarify the scope to include 
installation obligations of ABB (haul and install).  Also, in the fourth line 
of the first paragraph, the word "Purchaser" will be added to the 
parenthetical, after "WestLB". Any other changes should be very minor or 
technical.
We are trying to get this finished this week.  Please let me know if you have 
any questions or comments.
Kay
Attached is the latest ABB agreement for your review:
I got lots done Saturday, but I can't remember what!  You know how that 
goes.  I bought a few Christmas presents, which felt good.  I went to the 
grocery store and spent lots of time without rushing.  That felt decadent.
We didn't get hit too badly.  Jack ran off during the worst part of the 
storm, scaring Neil and I horribly.  A  neighbor brought him back.  We are 
having an electronic fence installed soon, so I hope that will help 
I'm glad Michael got to see Uncle Bob.  He was very impressed that his name 
was so close to Uncle Bobby's 
I'm guessing that we may come down for a day or two next week.  Sorry I can't 
get organized.
Hope you are enjoying better weather today!
Love,
Kay
Bill and Rita McCall  Hi Sweetheart. Dad and I wanted you to know we missed you but enjoyed both
your boys.Just sorry the weather was not better. Micheal was on his very
best behavior[Neil also]. Uncle Bob was so glad to see them. After they
left he was sorry he had not taken a picture of them. We enjoyed their
visit. They left to go home this morning. Did you get any shopping done
this week end? Did you have a bad storm at your house last night? We just
had rain. Let us know your plans for the holidays when you can see Paige's
plans. We understand. Love you,Mother
I thought I had sent it out on Friday, but I had just saved it as a draft Must have been the full moon.
Kay
Hi Heather, Jeff and Ozzie,
The only issue I have with the testimony is the statement that the units are 
"extremely quiet".  At this point FCE will only guaranty 60dba, which some 
folks might not consider to be extremely quiet depending on how close a 
facility is to their house.  You may have determined that the noise level 
will be some number less than 60 dba so that the guaranty level does not 
reflect the expected noise level 
Kay
dbennett@technip.com on 11/13/2000 04:00:33 PM
Sorry you two, I almost forgot you Donna Bennett
11/13/2000 03:58 PM
We're having a small get together Wednesday, November 15 at Champs (located
in the Uptown Park shopping center, near McCormick & Schmick at the corner
of 610 and Post Oak).  I'm sure there's a lot of us who didn't get to say
good-bye so, stop by for a drink and wish Dewey good luck in his new
adventure.
Need a sitter.  I'm working on it!  Any idea what time it starts?
Kay
Andrea Dowlen  Kay - will I see ya there?
Andrea
dbennett@technip.com wrote:
 Subject:  Dewey McLain