Collin,
I understand that you have been talking to the EOL people about being able to pull information from the databases
I have talked to Franky about upgrading the macro we use but would like to talk to you about other options that there
might be. Swing by when you have a minute to talk
Dutch
Thanks again for the golf balls , they were put to use this weekend
I am always bid for golf stuff just let me know
dq
Kay 
No go on the laon for both the current lot and the new house I told my dad to drop the price to 198,500 
this would pay off the debt and get that taken care of but no profit
At this point we need to talk about the money that we would loose if we go forward but do not sell the lot 
it should be the cost of the upgrades at this point
lets talk later , i know this is what you were worried about so i want to talk with you before going forward
Love 
dq
PS I really enjoyed you this weekend
I have the mid on deal as 2.915
Curve adjust -0.065
my offer is 2.87
let me know if you need anything else
Dutch,
This is the same volume I got a quote from you last week -EEX - Bobwest VPP unwind.
I need your offer on the indicated volume.
Please provide the quote as of Friday night's close (not a current quote).  I think last time you said just use $.02 above mid.
Eric
Public Sub ReloadData()
Dim ODBCstring As String
Dim ws As Workspace, db As Database
Dim rs As Recordset
Dim curProd, oldProd As String
Dim sql, strWhere, strOrderBy, strWhereTmp, tmp As String
Dim RowOffset As Integer
Dim totalrow, tmpCount, i As Integer
Dim today As String
'Dim next_date As String
Dim userid As String
Dim password As String
Sheet1.Range("EOLReloading").Value = "RELOADING EOL"
Application.Calculation = xlCalculationManual
userid = "gasplasma"
password = "gasplasma"
' ODBC connection string and database connection
ODBCstring = "ODBC;DSN=EOLPROD;UID=" & userid & ";PWD=" & password
Set ws = DBEngine.CreateWorkspace("EOL", "", "", dbUseODBC)
Set db = ws.OpenDatabase("", , , ODBCstring)
db.QueryTimeout = 600
If Err.Number          Sheet1.Range("EOLReloading").ClearContents
Application.Calculation = xlCalculationAutomatic
MsgBox "Fail to login to the database"
Exit Sub
End If
' get the total row that is used
totalrow = Sheets("EOL").UsedRange.Rows.Count
'clear the old contents
'ClearData "EOL", "Product", totalrow
'ClearData "EOL", "Net_Qty", totalrow
Sheets("EOL").Range("A5:E500").ClearContents
Sheets("EOL").Range("gdt").ClearContents
sql = "select REF_PERIOD_ENGLISH_SHORT_DESC,BUY_SELL_CD,reference_period_end_dtm,sum(transaction_qty) " & _
" from eol.TRADING_TRANSACTIONS " & _
" WHERE TO_CHAR(transaction_dtm,'DD-MON-YYYY') = TO_CHAR(SYSDATE,'DD-MON-YYYY') and ref_period_english_short_desc like 'US Gas Swap%Nymex%' " & _
" GROUP BY REF_PERIOD_ENGLISH_SHORT_DESC,BUY_SELL_CD,reference_period_end_dtm " & _
" order by reference_period_end_dtm,BUY_SELL_CD "
Set rs = db.OpenRecordset(sql, dbOpenSnapshot)
RowOffset = 1
Worksheets("EOL").Range("gdt").Value = "Generated on: " + Format(Date, "mm/dd/yy") + " " + Format(Time, "hh:mm:ss AMPM")
individuality at all costs. Death is bearable only if we are guaranteed
a life after death containing all the characteristics of our individual
human life.
You can see how this would affect the way we go about living our
lives and making choices about who we are and what are we to do. Those
were the questions that shaped, by the way, what became our Bible.
After every great cultural upheaval the community of people raised the
questions: Who are we and what are we to do?
e.e. cummings once wrote, "To be yourself in a world that is doing
its best to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle
any human being can fight, and never stop fighting."
I love the story of the Pentecostal man who wandered into, let us
say, a Methodist church. During the sermon, the visitor got so excited
that whenever the preacher made a point, the Pentecostal man would
scream out, "Praise God!" or "Hallelujah!" or "Amen!" The ushers were
so distraught about the Pentecostal's behavior that the head usher went
down the aisle and whispered to him: "You'll have to keep quiet? The
pastor's right in the middle of the sermon!" The Pentecostal man said,
"Keep quiet? How can I keep quiet? I've got the Holy Spirit!" To which
the usher said, "Well, you didn't get it in this church!"
The Pentecostal man made a theological error that many of us make.
You see, he didn't have the Holy Spirit; the Holy Spirit had him! And
that's the problem with much of our theology. We wish he had the Holy
Spirit. There's a part of us that wishes we could keep the Holy Spirit
in the nice, neat, tidy confines of our categories and barriers. We'd
like to put God in a box.
Get this: Nobody has the Holy Spirit; the Holy Spirit always has us
and, given our Western orientation, that scares us so that we resist
and repress and deny until we are spiritual dead as doornails. We want
a God in a box like we want everything else in our lives predictable
and controllable. We want a religion that is safe. A journey that is
predictable. There is no true spiritual journey that is that way.
We modern people have been victimized by own modernity. Of course,
we've benefited - we have the sciences, technology, modern medicine,
even emphases on human rights come from our modern approach to things.
But it has had two deeply destructive effects on our religious and
spiritual life.
For one thing it has made people skeptical about spiritual reality.
If God can't be proved by modern means, then God must not be.
Second, modernity has led us to be preoccupied with factuality -
with scientifically verifiable and historically reliable facts. Modern
Western culture is the only culture in human history that has
identified truth with factuality. We are, as Marcus Borg calls us,
"fact fundamentalists." If a statement isn't scientifically or
historically factual, it isn't true. These two things are serious
mistakes and deadly to the journey inward.
Let me point out that both liberals and conservatives can be fact
fundamentalists. Liberals try to rescue a few facts from the fire.
Conservatives say the Bible must be factually true in order to be true
at all. This is why they emphasize the literal and historical
factuality of biblical texts. They both agree - facts are what matters.
If I had a magic wand that worked, one of the things I would do is
to get both liberals and conservatives alike to see how modern both of
these positions are.
What we've got when it comes to having faith today for most people
is whether they can believe "iffy" things or not. That, to most people,
is what Christianity has become. It is as if what God wants most from
us is believing highly problematic statements to be factually true.
And, if you can't believe them, then you don't "have faith" and
probably aren't a Christian.
Listen carefully: Faith has to do with your relation to God, to
Self. Not whether you believe the Bible to be true or not.
I'm going to come back to this in the weeks ahead.
Let me see if I can give you an example. One of the questions that
has persistently come up in the discussion group has to do with what
Jesus' view on violence might be. This has been raised since the events
of 9/11. What would Jesus have us do? Does professing to be Christian
mean trying to live as Christ might live? And if so, why aren't we
doing what he asks us to do?
First of all, I confess I have not a clue what Jesus would do in
response to 9/11. My hunch is not much. His interest was not in that
sort of thing. Besides, he had little political power.
If we went to him and asked, I think he would probably tell a story.
He might tell the story of the Good Iranian Terrorist. That's what the
parable of the Good Samaritan sounded like to the people of his time.
"Who are you he might ask?" Then tell a story to us as we stand
there with our mouths open and scratching our heads.
Maybe he would tell a story like this:
One day a rabbi, in a frenzy of religious passion, rushed in before
the ark, fell to his knees, and started beating his breast, crying,
"I'm nobody! I'm nobody!" The cantor of the synagogue, impressed by
this example of spiritual humility, joined the rabbi on his knees. "I'm
nobody!  I'm nobody!" The custodian, watching from the corner, couldn't
restrain himself, either. He joined the other two on his knees, calling
out, "I'm nobody! I'm nobody!" At which point the rabbi, nudging the
cantor with his elbow, pointed at the custodian and said, "Look who
thinks he's nobody!"
I'll tell you something that might be misunderstood. I think that
one of the numbers that organized religion has done on us is to
convince us that we are supposed to be like Jesus. What God is
interested in is saving human beings. That being the case what we must
do is be human. The Christian conspiracy, I'm going to call it, against
being human is to convince us that what we are supposed to do is be
like Jesus.
A couple of years ago there was a popular slogan: WWJD. The goal was
to ask before doing any and everything, "What would Jesus do?"
If Jesus were here today, would he have worked for Enron? Would he
have been on the board of directors? If Jesus were here today, would he
go to church? Which one? The image that I had of Jesus when I grew up
was that Jesus would not go to movies on Sunday but he would go
swimming because we had a lot of water in our town. Would he be a
Republican or a Democrat? Would he be involved in the political
process?
The one thing that Jesus Christ was about was love and he did this
by the extravagant way that he lived his life. He wasn't married; he
didn't hold down a job; he didn't have to raise kids. The Roman church
has it that Jesus was such a guy that not only did he not have a sexual
dimension, neither did his mother.
What Jesus was about - and still is - is Love. The extravagant way
that Jesus lived his life was to communicate the overwhelming love that
God has for us. Boundless love. Inexpressible love. It is like God
comes down and puts arms around us and says, "This is how much I love
you. Now love yourself like that." This was the thing that marked the
ministry of Jesus. So Soren Kierkegaard writes, "To will to be that
self which one truly is, is the opposite of despair."
How do you do that? Well, to be the self you truly are is to have a
particular history and it is to aspire to go beyond the limitations of
that history and it is to be frustrated when you realize you can't. To
accept this humanness means to be passionate about our aspirations and
compassionate about our limitations. It is like you get up from where
you're sitting and come up here and stand beside me physically and look
at the person who is seated in the chair where you are and you have
compassion for that person. It is that kind of acceptance.
We are not to be like Jesus. We are to be Christ-like. There is a
world of difference.
Jesus went around kicking self-esteem into people. All of the
stories that you find in the New Testament are like that. Look at the
stories of his ministry. If a man can restore sight to a blind man, he
gives that person a new lease on life, a new self-confidence. If a man
can absolve a prostitute's guilt in lasting forgiveness, he gives her
the gift of self-respect. The crippled, the insane, the leper, the tax
collector, the beggar - a motley assortment of humanity desperately in
need of self-esteem and he extended it to them.
The same dynamic was at work even when he was chasing the
moneychangers out of the temple. It may be temporarily embarrassing to
be kicked out of your accustomed place of business, but it has been
known to lead to self-respect. The message is: You're made for
something better than this. You are loved by God. This self-compassion
is foundational for the abundant life and I'm sure that the response
Jesus would have us make to the terrorist situation as well as the rest
of life is this kind of love.
He would tell a story. One of his central teachings was: You shall
know the Truth and the Truth shall set you free. (But first it's going
to mess with your life and upset you!) So, let me tell you a story
about Truth to ponder. This story is from the Ethiopian culture.
Long ago, Fire, Water, Truth, and Falsehood lived together in one
large house. Although all were polite toward each other, they kept
their distance. Truth and Falsehood sat on opposite sides of the room.
Fire constantly leapt out of Water's path.
One day they went hunting together. They found a large number of
cattle and began driving them home to their village. "Let us share
these cattle equally," said Truth as they traveled across the
grasslands. "This is the fair way to divine our captives."
No one disagreed with Truth except Falsehood. Falsehood wanted more
than an equal share but kept quiet about it for the moment. As the four
hunters traveled back to the Village, Falsehood went secretly to Water
and whispered, "You are more powerful than Fire. Destroy Fire and then
there will be more cattle for each of us!"
Water flowed over Fire, bubbling and steaming until Fire was gone.
Water meandered along, cheerfully thinking about more cattle for
itself.
Falsehood, meanwhile, whispered to Truth. "Look! See for yourself!
Water has killed Fire! Let us leave Water, who has cruelly destroyed
our warmhearted friend. We must take the cattle high in the mountains
to graze."
As Truth and Falsehood traveled up the mountain, Water tried to
follow. But the mountain was too steep; And Water could not flow
upwards. Water washed down upon itself, splashing and swirling around
rocks as it tumbled down the slope. Look and see! Water is still
tumbling down the mountainside to this day.
Truth and Falsehood arrived at the mountaintop. Falsehood turned to
Truth and said in a loud voice, "I am more powerful than you! You will
be my servant. I am your master. All the cattle belong to me!"
Truth rose up and spoke out, "I will not be your servant!"
They battled and battled. Finally they brought the argument to Wind
to decide who was the master.
Wind didn't know. Wind blew all over the world to ask people whether
Truth or Falsehood was more powerful. Some people said, "A single word
of Falsehood can completely destroy Truth." Others insisted, "Like a
small candle in the dark, Truth can change every situation."
Wind finally returned to the mountain and said, "I have seen that
Falsehood is very powerful. But it can rule only where Truth has
stopped struggling to be heard."
And it has been that way ever since.
I think what Jesus would do if we asked him what we are to do is
that he would likely tell a story. And then he would remind us that we
ourselves are telling a story with our lives. After saying that,
perhaps he would ask, "Is the story you are telling with your life the
truth?"
No matter where you go this week, no matter what happens, remember
this: You are carrying precious cargo. Watch your step.
Ordinary Life is a gathering that provides an opportunity to develop an
enlightened heart and an awakened mind to the reality of the present
moment.
The gathering meets on Sunday mornings at 9:45 am in Fondren Hall at
St. Paul's UMC - 5501 South Main, Houston, Texas and is taught by Dr.
Bill Kerley. If you would like more information -
Contact
Bill Kerley -
E-Mail - Bill@bkspeaks.com
Web - www.bkspeaks.com
Voice - 713-663-7771
Fax - 713-663-6418
Mail - 6300 West Loop South, Suite 480 Bellaire, TX  77401
You can add someone you know would be interested in receiving these on-
line newsletters by sending that information to -
Bill@bkspeaks.com
I'll make sure they are added immediately!
Or, they can subscribe themselves by sending an e-mail directly to
Ordinarylife-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
You can unsubscribe to this newsletter by sending an e-mail to
ordinarylife-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com
reproduced and printed elsewhere as long as it is not changed in any
way and credit is given to this source.
Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to  
Hi Jeff, 
Yes, this interconnect will be managed by our E&C group.  Earl Chanley will be the project coordinator 
Thanks for your quick reply.
Kim.
I got your phone message earlier this evening.  I am looking forward to meeting and working with you also.  The agreement looks fine to me.  I am assuming this project will be managed by E&C, is that correct?  If that is the case I have no comments on the payment plan.  Thanks for keeping me in the loop.
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.  I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.  It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.  Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.  You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.  If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.  Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.   Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language 
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.  If you have any comments, please let me know.  After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
Thanks, 
Kim    713-853-3098
Earl,
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).  As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.  Our in-service date is May 1.  If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.  Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.  I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.  It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.  Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.  You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.  If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.  Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.   Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language 
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.  If you have any comments, please let me know.  After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
Thanks, 
Kim    713-853-3098
Are you back in the office yet?
We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston.  Ticket price was $1,183 per ticket. 
Paul and Judy are on board.  Can you and Tom join us?  Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.
Please call me, let's discuss.
Thanks, Kim  X33098
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.  I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks 
Kim.
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates. 
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers. Do you think we need to do more?
Thanks: John Buchanan
Yes, thanks.  I was aware.  I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email. The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044. I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation, TK was also made aware.
John Buchanan
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.  I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks 
Kim.
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates. 
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers. Do you think we need to do more?
Thanks: John Buchanan
Here it is.  K.
See the attached spreadsheet.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Jan,
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.  Are you comfortable with the difference?  Any thoughts?  No hurry, I was just wondering.
Thanks, Kim.
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report.
Note:
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $180.9m.  The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $165.9m.
This difference is mainly due to the following:
$10.0m   -   negotiated rates reserve(Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy) - $collected
$ 2.7m   -    SoCal rate issue - $not collected
$ 1.8m   -    additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $collected
Revenues for these customers were adjusted according 
Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.
Please call me at x36709 if there are questions
thanks,
richard
Kyle,
Sorry for not sending this yesterday.  Monday's are always tough.  Please review and let me know what you think.  Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday.  As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.  It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.  If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume.
See you Sunday.
Tom 
Thomas W. Daugherty
Vice President for Spiritual Care
Methodist Health Care System
6565 Fannin Street, D-200
Houston, Texas 77030-2707
Office: 713-793-1429
Page: 281-735-5919
Cell: 713-819-2784
Fax: 713-790-2605
Mansoor,
Let's discuss 
Kim.
Kim
The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain. Since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other). These are the vendors of instrumentation required for the interconnect. Questar may be able to purchase material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery. (From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most. We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone. Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered. Not the usual mode of operations. 
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design). Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP. 
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be June 15, 2002. 
If you have questions or issues, please let me know.
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Earl,
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).  As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.  Our in-service date is May 1.  If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.  Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.  I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.  It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.  Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.  You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.  If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.  Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.   Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language 
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.  If you have any comments, please let me know.  After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
Thanks, 
Kim    713-853-3098
Lorraine,
Would you please have a conversation with KMI about Randy's concern of KMI shutting in the Gray I/C w/o notifying us and the problems it would cause at P-3.  Also, keep Darrell, Market Services and, of course, Randy, plugged into the status.
Thanks, Kim.
I've just been included in some discussion about this interconnect.  Apparently Kinder-Morgan wants to put a control valve downstream of our measurement point.  They want to do this to have some control of deliveries off TW onto their system.  They have some concern about over-deliveries.  I understand that this happened on a couple of occassions in the past (possibly due to a malfunction with our valve).  They assure us that this control valve is only to provide them with the protection against over delivery.
It would be set to flow at a rate equal to their nomination, I guess As I said, they intend to set this valve downstream of measurement, on their pipe.  Since it will be installed on their pipe, I don't think there's much we can do about it.
However, we were wondering if there can be some wording or agreement formalized that says they would not shut this point in before contacting our field personnel and/or gas control.  I don't think this is their intention, but if they did shut in without notification, it would cause problems at our P-3 station.
We've tried to talk them out of this installation, but they seem adamant to proceed.
I wasn't sure who to contact about this.  Could you let me know if this is a major concern with marketing and scheduling?
Thanks
Bullets, please.
Thanks, Kim.
FYI: As you know, the CPUC had requested that TW provide copies of the responses to the earlier El Paso data request. We provided those copies to the CPUC yesterday. 
Audrey,
Would you please email me the final bullets from last week.  I don't necessarily go look for the final copy since I am the one who combines all the bullets.
Thanks, Kim. 
Lindy,
Could you tell me how many of the operating agreements below you have a copy of?  Tiny is trying to complete his files.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, I wasn't waiting on you.  You had provided me with a contact last year I just misplaced my note.  (Feel like we are running a race with the Devil lately and he is gaining ground.. Ha!    It's so busy 
The Operating Agreements I know that are no longer on file include:  (This is really kind of embarassing as I know these Operating Agreements were on file when I was on the Bloomfield Team.  Someone must have discarded them...)  Anyhow,
Amaco LaPlata
Northwest Pipeline - La Plata
WFS - LaPlata
Red Cedar both La Plata and Ignacio
WFS LaMaquina
WFS Milagro - Blanco Hub
TransColorado - Blanco Hub
Burlington - Blanco Hub
NTUA - San Juan 
Citizens if there have been updates in the last five years. - Flagstaff and Kingman TBS's
I hope this is not to much trouble...   My priority for now lies with Amaco/La Plata... No hurry on any of the others..  Thank you so much
Tiny,
Thank you so much for the reminder, sometimes I think my brain has slipped away.  Do you need all of the San Juan and West of Thoreau contracts?  If you know you have some of them, which ones do you have, I'll send you the rest.
My apologies,
Kim.
Kim, last year you provided me with a name/contact in your group that could help me obtain Operating Agreements for customers/interconnects in our area which we curretnly do not have on file.  Unfortunately, I procrastinated with all the happenings towards the end of the year and lost the name..  Could you please send me the name so that I can proceed with the plans of setting up a Regional master file with those agreements.. Thanks
Audrey,
Here they are.  Thanks, Kim.
Audrey,
As a matter of practice, would you automatically email me the final bullets document after Steve approves?  I will then save it in my word file and use it to start the next weeks bullets.
Thanks, Kim 
Great, Thanks!  Kim.
Shirley, please keep me posted on Krishna's new baby.  Thanks, K.
Kim,
Thanks. I shall ask Shirley to schedule a lunch in 2-3 weeks for me and Krishna with you.
Krishna is about to become a Daddy again in a few days; the end
of August should work for him.
Vince
Vince,
I'm so glad that you can recommend him for our commercial job.  He has some skill sets that our department is shy on.  In fact, I am bringing him back for my boss, Steve Harris, to interview.  I too, think that he would be a good fit 
By the way, Krishna and Seksan have been very helpful in coordinating some technical analysis of California prices.  We appreciate the support and certainly enjoy working with your group.  Perhaps you, Krishna and I can book a lunch together in mid to late August and catch up on the business issues 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
I met Paul Y'barbo today (I have known him for ages)
and he mentioned an interview with you. 
He is a very bright and capable individual and he would
be a good fit to your group. 
Vince
P.S.  He looks better without the pony tail.
Jodi and Gaylen,
Please see the list below.  Would you please look at what timeframe you could get the equipment listed below.  Our preliminary investigation suggests that we may not be able to obtain the equipment quick enough to meet a May in-service date.  If your engineering department has any questions about this list, please feel free to have them call Earl Chanley at the number below.  And, of course, if you have any questions of me, please feel free to call me at (713) 853-3098.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
In a effort to expedite the materials for Questar I/C, can Questar look at what their time frame for getting the following material is to see if it would assist in getting the interconnect in service sooner.
If they have any questions on material, have them call me. 
1) 10" UltraSonic meter with Gallagher flow conditioner, tubes and calibrated. flow one direction.
2) Denials single stream chromatograph, Model 2350, with test gas, Heater box for test gas, and controls.
3) Bristol 3330 EFM with panel box std. 
4) MECO H20 Monitor
5) Building with heat/ac, general gas monitor, breaker with shunt, prewired. 10X10 Explosion proof
6) 12" full opening W X W hot tap valve 600# - Cooper valves are preferred vendor by material management on all valves.
7) 3 - 8" full opening ball valves 600#
8) 2 - 10" full opening ball valves with operators 600#
9) Rosemont's smart transmitters for pressure, diff and temp.
10) 8" Becker flow control valve 600#
We are checking delivery on the items currently, but if they can expiate, it would help.
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Bill 
Please check out the changes in blue.  The changes in red are from Questar.
Thanks, Kim.
Lynn,
I would like for you to review a draft of the proposed TW/Questar OBA in the Blanco Hub (the Interconnect Agreement is in the process of being signed and it is not built yet).  Sorry about all the "red-lines", but I think it makes it easier to see where we have made all of our changes.  FYI, the red changes are changes proposed by Questar, the blue changes are proposed by TW.  Please let me know if you have any thoughts on this agreement.
Thanks, Kim.
Mansoor,
I did receive the signed I/C Agreement from Questar late on Friday.  I am currently routing it for approval for TW's signature.  If putting a hold on this meter would help improve the in-service date, I would definitely recommend it.  Would you please provide me your thoughts.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Instromat will have a 10" ultra sonic meter and calibrations ready by the end of March. I have not seen the approved PA. If this is a go, I can put a hold on this meter for Delivery to the Questar facility. Please let me know if Marketing would like to proceed on this. 
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Richard,
We are proceeding ahead with a new I/C with Questar up in the Blanco Hub, here is the proposed OBA that we have been working on.  Please review and let me know if you have any concerns 
Thanks, Kim.
Earl,
Thanks for the note.  Mansoor and I have talked and we would definitely like you to put a hold on this meter.  I will keep you posted on Questar's response to the list of equipment that you provided us last week as to how quickly they could receive any of this equipemnt.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
If don't foresee a problem with the agreement let's tell Earl to go head. This will expedite the in -service date.
Mansoor
Mansoor,
I did receive the signed I/C Agreement from Questar late on Friday.  I am currently routing it for approval for TW's signature.  If putting a hold on this meter would help improve the in-service date, I would definitely recommend it.  Would you please provide me your thoughts.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Instromat will have a 10" ultra sonic meter and calibrations ready by the end of March. I have not seen the approved PA. If this is a go, I can put a hold on this meter for Delivery to the Questar facility. Please let me know if Marketing would like to proceed on this. 
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Jennifer, 
I will be on vacation for this meeting.
Thanks, Kim.
You are hereby notified that the meeting of the Board of Directors of Enron Federal Credit Union will be held on Tuesday, February 19, 2001 at 5:00 P.M. the Fannin Room at the  Doubletree Allen Center, has been reserved for your use.
We would appreciate your support in making our meetings as efficient and as productive as they can be. 
If you will not be attending; or 
If you will not be able to arrive at the start of the meeting at 5:00 p.m.; or 
If you would like to join the meeting by conference call, 
Please RSVP to Jennifer Jordan by, returning an email or by phone. 
Please note: If you would like to invite a guest to the board meeting, please notify Jack McAdoo at x3-6249 prior to the meeting for the schedule considerations.
Thank you, 
Jennifer D. Jordan 
(713) 853-7554 
Jodi,
Here is another draft of the OBA.  Please review the changes I made with Gaylen and let me know your thoughts.  By the way, I did receive your signed I/C agreements on Friday afternoon.  We are routing internally for signature.
Thanks, Kim.
Linda, you are so welcome!  I leave for vacation Wed., but when I get back, I'll call you.  I want to see your new digs!
Have a great week!
Thanks, Kim.
I just wanted say thanks for lunch the other day and as well of the ears.  It was great seeing you ya'll.  It's very busy over here today, give me a call and let me know when you would like to come over this week.  I will be taken Thursday afternoon off.
This is my number telephone 713-287-1046 and e-mail address linda.wehring@dynegy.com Thanks a Million for everything!
Linda
Richard, I will be out of the office on vacation beginning Wed, Feb 13 and returning Monday, February 25.  Please include all the TW dealmakers on any updates that you may have on invoices.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
I spoke to Richard Hanagriff this after noon and invoices are do today Feb. 11th. Richard will have a payment information some time this afternoon after 5 PM. 
Richard will send an update by 9:00 AM Tuesday the 12th and will include you on the distribution list. I will get daily updates on the A/R. 
John Buchanan
Kirk,
How about talking at 10:30am CST on Friday, August 10?  My day is pretty flexible, so if another time works better for you, please let me know 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim-
Thanks for your message.
Let's look at Thurs or Friday of next week.
Hearings went good...next meeting on 8/20.
Should get vote following that meeting, then goes to ACC commissioners
for final vote by 9/18/01.
Stay tuned.
Thanks
Kirk
"Watson, Kimberly" wrote:
 
 Hi Kirk,
 
 I got your "out of the office" message the other day when I emailed you,
 so I knew you would be busy when you got back in the office.  My
 schedule is a little hectic tomorrow, my afternoon looks a little better
 than the morning.  Next week looks wide open.  Would you mind waiting
 until next week?  I just want to make sure we are not holding you up.
 Let me know your preference.
 
 By the way, how did your testimony go on Big Sandy?
 
 Thanks, Kim.
 
Lindy, 
Michael sent me this draft today, but I think that you should review these slides since I know that you have been working on this.  Let's discuss in the morning.  Tuesday is my last day before I leave on vacation.
Thanks, Kim.
Attached is a draft presentation for credit agencies regarding TW.  Please take a look at it and provide me with your comments.  In particular, I have designated some pages that I think you can help me with, see below.  Please feel free to comment on the rest of the presentation too.
Thanks,
Michael
Jim Saunders and Gary Zahn - 26
Kim Watson - 6, 17, 19, 24
Gary,
Henry did fax me some of the literature, but the quality of the fax is such that it is hard to read.  I am meeting with Jack tomorrow at 10:30, how about I stop by and see you.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
Henry said he provided you with the requested information.  I wanted to follow-up and see if you had any questions or if we can be of further service.  I will be happy to expedite a Visa Platinum card for you.  Please let me know.
Thanks,
Gary
Henry,
While I am out, would you please do a comparison for Kim.  She is one of our directors.
Please call me if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Gary
Gary,
We just received this information regarding our new corporate expense card.  I'm not sure I see any benefits by getting one of the new Wright Travel Cards vs. using the EFCU.  Would you please look this over and let me know your thoughts.  If I choose to stay with the EFCU, I would probably like to get  a different card from the current EFCU Master Card so that I can keep my business and personal charges separate 
Can you provide me your thoughts?
Thanks, Kim.
TW Commercial Team, please complete the attached application as soon as possible and forward to me.  I will compile all applications and submit to Kim for approval.
Kim, I will forward your application to Steve for approval.
Thanks guys 
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
I am pleased to announce completion of negotiations with Wright Express to provide a travel and entertainment program for Enron Operations Services Company.   Travel and entertainment cards will be provided to any individual employed by the pipeline companies, who is required to travel on company business.   Each employee will be required to complete the attached application and agreement form, secure management approval and fax to Mary Ann Johnson at (713) 345-3479.   The T&E card will be mailed directly to the applicant. 
Implementation
Employees may use the T&E cards for domestic and international business travel.  Monthly, each employee will be required to complete an expense report utilizing the XMS system, if expenses are incurred.    .    Approved business travel expenses will be reimbursed to the employee via direct deposit or check, depending on how your payroll is currently processed.  Personal use of the card is discouraged.
The Wright Express travel and entertainment card has contingent liability, whereas, the employee's personal credit may be evaluated if:
*	Outstanding balances exceeding $3,500 or delinquent payments beyond 25 days past the due date.
*	A monthly line of credit for business travel exceeding $3,500.
Employees who are required to travel on Company business and expect to exceed the monthly $3,500 spending limit, may request a higher limit.  If you routinely require a spending limit exceeding $3,500 per month, please check the box under "Company Information" on the attached application form.  Your request will be submitted to Enron Operations Service Management and Wright Express for approval.  You will be notified of approval or denial concerning your request.
All travel and entertainment MasterCard accounts are due each month to Wright Express.  Failure, by the employee to pay Wright Express each month, submit expense reports or submit receipts may trigger card cancellation.
Procedure
The travel and entertainment procedure can be found on the ETS website at   will be responsible to review this procedure and comply with all requirements.  Following receipt of the signed, approved application and employee agreement form, employees should expect to receive a T&E credit card within ten to fifteen working days, but no later than March 15, 2002.
Card Activation:
Upon receipt of the travel and entertainment card, you will be required to follow the instructions on the sticker using the activation call-in number.  Following activation, you may immediately begin to use your T&E card.
Rewards Program
Wright Express travel card holders may participate in a rewards program, which is outlined in an attached document.  All fees charged by Wright Express for the rewards program is the employee's personal responsibility. 
Please address all questions concerning the travel and entertainment program to Bruce Martin 713-345-1833, Cheri Sublet 713-345-3475, Mary Ann Johnson 713-345-3479 or Morris Brassfield 713-646-7006.
Application		Agreement		Procedure		     Rewards	
Paul,
FYI, Kim.
FYI 
Jerry-
Just a follow up.
I have not rec'd the license we discussed last week and am concerned as we have been doing some email changes and I wanted to make sure I care for this prior to some travel later this week.
many Thanks
Paula 
Lorraine and Paul,
Please coordinate with each other and provide Steve an update by noon tomorrow (Wednesday) as to where your conversations stand with your customers on flipping these deals from Index to fixed rates.  He has a meeting with Stan at 2:00pm and will be asked about these I'm sure 
Also, Paul, would you please provide Steve any additional thoughts ( like we discussed yesterday) with respect to how and what things are included in our VaR 
Many thanks, Kim. 
fyi
NNG marketing should not be doing this anymore should they?  Can I get a copy of the two calculations and have someone walk me through them today.  Can we not get resolution on the problem we seem to have here?    Steve Harris will be in this meeting as well to discuss how TW is going to handle the I to I deals going forward 
As a note for the  "cc" list above: the TW VaR has decreased (From over $1million to $600,000) for unexplained 
reasons and is believed to be related to the volatility calculation which is done by NNG Marketing using SAS
(Statistical Analysis Software) as input into Caminus.  We have talked to Richard Riehm in Marketing and he
is looking into the problem but is not sure what's causing these unusual swings.  The Daily Risk report has not been 	distributed for the last few days pending resolution of this calculation problem but the correct VaR is still believed
to be over the ETS VaR limit.
We are scheduled to meet with Stan tomorrow, at his request of Vince, to discuss the TW VaR.  I know Tracy
and Vince has had some discussions related to the VaR calculation and that Tracy has discussed TW Marketing's
plans to reduce the VaR.  I'm assuming Tracy will "facilitate" the meeting tomorrow and I suggest we use the last 
VaR calculation 	we believe to be correct for discussion purposes which was as of February 4 data (Total VaR - $1.152mm).
I think that the problem with the TW VaR is how the volatility is being calculated on the San Juan indices for the months of November 2002 through March 2003.  This is not a Caminus issue, but an issue of how the volatility is being calculated outside Caminus.  It sounded as though Jose will not work on any issue related to Caminus, but I think this issue is outside of Caminus
Comments?
FYI, Kim.
Lisa, Steve Harris suggested I share with you our concerns on the subject of "Shared Drives".  We had some problems on last week with deleted files on the TW_NNG Shared Drive -"S".  The Help Desk has resolved these problems, but in the process, we noticed that some of the files on the shared drive were still being viewed and updated by NNG's personnel over in Dynegy's offices 
Our concerns are such that some files should be viewed only by ETS, specifically TW.   Would you please check on this concern as soon as possible?
If you would, please update me on the status of this request.  If you have additional questions concerning this problem, please do not hesitate to call me (x35849 
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention.
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
reg affairs can provide you a copy.   Thanks, Kim.
Kim, Eric is borrowing Kevin Hyatt's TW Tariffs (small) binder.  He has asked me to try to get one for him.  Does someone supply those or do I just need to have it reproduced for him. 
Thanks!
Kevin,
here is the info on the PG&E project.
Thanks, Kim.
Hi Jodi,
I'm back in the office now.  I tried to open this document, but I do not have word perfect.  Can you convert to a Word document and resend for my files?
Many thanks, Kim
FYI - Please see the attached letter.  This was faxed to Craig Buehler on 2/13/02.  Thanks.
Jan, I believe that I do not have any memberships that fall into this category.  I'm thinking that Steve is the only one with possible memberships here.
Thanks, Kim.
I would like to ask for your help in providing me with the following details for each membership you may have.
1)	Corporate Membership or Individual Membership
2)	Reimbursement of Initiation Fees
3)	Timing of reimbursement of initiation fees
4)	Type of membership reimbursement method (one of the three listed below)
5)	Is there a business reason to continue payment of fees?
Reimbursement methods:
1)   Flex Perks
2)   Payroll Reimbursement
3)	Reimbursement via direct payment to employee or to the country club
Should you not have any memberships, please respond to that effect.  I need this information by Tuesday, February 26.
Thank you for your assistance.
Jan
I like it.  Kim.
We have encountered a conflict with our proposed tagline: Beyond Banking.  There is bank in Georgia who has that slogan federally trademarked.  We have slightly revised our tagline to: Going Beyond Banking.  We believe this actually strengthens the tagline and makes it more active 
Please let me know as soon as possible if you strongly object to using this new tagline, otherwise we will proceed with production.
Thanks,
Stephanie
Elizabeth,
Please read below.   Can you help us put together a summary of the TW Capacity Releases from Nov. 00 to Aug. 01?  We are in the process of putting our strategy together on our Neg. Rate hearing.  Is it possible to assemble this soon?  Please give me a call if you would like to discuss  
Many thanks,
Kim.
Once she has these dates,  I'd like to see from 11/00 to 2/01 which may show a change in value also.  MK
Yes, I think it would be helpful if Elizabeth can provide detail on capacity releases from Feb 2001- to July or August 2001.  Thanks, Maria
Greg and Maria,
FYI.  Here is a report for the July Capacity Releases on TW.  PG&E, Sempra and Texaco all released on an Index to Index spread and are above max rate.  Elizabeth has the history of TW Capacity Releases if you think it might help in the preparation of our strategy for negotiated rates  
Thanks, Kim.
Attached is the Transwestern Capacity Release Report that provides billing information for July 2001 reservation invoices 
Please be advised that the PG&E (Core) releases exceeded the maximum tariff rate as summarized below (the first three were special calculations based on index spreads and the last one was a fixed rate):
PG&E Energy Trading-Gas Corporation           60,000/day * 31 days * $0.7081 = $1,317,066.00 
Sempra Energy Trading Corp.                           15,000/day * 31 days * $1.9951 = $   927,721.50 
Texaco Natural Gas, Inc.                                  50,000/day * 31 days * $0.7468 = $1,157,540.00
Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, LLC        25,000/day * 31 days * $1.1600 = $  899,000.00
These amounts will be billed to the acquiring shippers and once payments are received, PG&E will subsequently receive reimbursement.
Feel free to contact me should you have any questions.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Alma,
I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo.  Where?
Thanks, Kim.
The new TW Contract/Capacity Release system is due to be implemented the weekend of March 9, 2002.  We will be offering training/demo's of the new system for internal users on the below dates.  Please contact Alma Carrillo with the date and time you would like to attend 
Thanks
Linda
Monday March 18th:  Two Sessions - 1:30pm and 3:00pm
Thursday March 21st:  One Session - 1:30pm
If you have any questions or will be unable to attend one of the above demo sessions please let me know.
Elizabeth, Yes I would like to discuss this with you.  My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good.  How about you?
Kim.
It again appears that some one-part contracts have not had the GRI commodity portion discounted to zero whenever possible.  This detail needs to be reviewed monthly since it  impacts Transwestern's bottom line.  Can we discuss so that everyone is on the same page?  Maybe we need a point person in the scheduling group to review a monthly report and identify who within Marketing will be updating/correcting the rates in CBS.
Examples of discounted contracts in January 2002 where we paid out to the GRI rather than discounting to zero and taking the money to income:
Sempra K #27808
PG&E Energy Trading K #27796
Western Gas K #27797
Agave K #27377
Tenaska K #27792
Please let me know what your thoughts are.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Hi Robert,
Yes, I am still here!  However, the Research and Development department is no longer a part of Enron which is why their emails have been returned to you.  Thank you for your thoughts, I will keep you posted. 
Kim.
Hi Kim,
Just a note to see if you are still there at Enron.
I have gotten many e-mails back, mostly the tech guys, including Vince.
But I don't remember having got e-mails back from you, so maybe you are still there.
If so, I certainly wish you the best in whatever direction you ultimately take.
Obviously, Transwestern is an important pipeline and will continue to operate.
If we can be of help at any time in the future after the dust finally settles, please let me know.
Stay in touch!
Thanks,
Bob Brooks
RBA Consultants
Hi Jo,
Yes, I do have time on Wednesday afternoon and would like to meet with you.  Might you be available anytime after 2:00pm  
Thanks, Kim.
Please see attached proposal per our discussion regarding transportation on NNG.  Please call to discuss when you have a few minutes.  I intend to be in Houston next Wednesday, if you would like to discuss in person.  Let me know if you have a few minutes and I will try and meet up with you.
Great, I'll see you at 2:00.  I am coming back in town on Wed, so if I can get back to the office by 1:30, do you want me to call you to come over early?
Thanks, Kim.
Yes, I am available after 2:00.  I think our plane leaves around 4:00 or after, so right at 2:00 p.m. would probably be best.  Can you do that?  IF so, I will walk over to the enron building and meet you in the lobby at 2:00 p.m.
I didn't know you were going to Florida in July.  I will look at my schedule.  Do we know anyone in Miami?  ILY, K.
Hey, did we decide whether you were going to Florida with me in July?  The
meeting starts for me on Sunday, 7/14 and runs through Wednesday morning the
17th.
If you're interested, we could fly up on Thursday or Friday before and you
could fly out on Sunday the 14th.
This is apparently very close to Miami, so there may be someone we know that
we could visit.  I'm sending you a map via your hotmail account.
See if your job situation will permit you to go with me!
JW
Steve, FYI, Kim.
The following are the latest releases regarding the status of the credit facility that will provide that LOC of $ 2.7 M for the Red Rock expansion.
.
Steve, here is the electronic version of the NNG proposal.
Kim.
Please see attached proposal per our discussion regarding transportation on NNG.  Please call to discuss when you have a few minutes.  I intend to be in Houston next Wednesday, if you would like to discuss in person.  Let me know if you have a few minutes and I will try and meet up with you.
TK,
Here is the proposal from NNG on south end transportation.  Any thoughts....particularity on the one year proposal of $0.065 plus commodity and fuel?   What do you think capacity release would cost for a one year term?
Thanks, Kim.
Please see attached proposal per our discussion regarding transportation on NNG.  Please call to discuss when you have a few minutes.  I intend to be in Houston next Wednesday, if you would like to discuss in person.  Let me know if you have a few minutes and I will try and meet up with you.
I think that would be great, however, I would like to discuss with Steve for approval on the expense.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, since Paul's birthday is on Saturday, I thought we would celebrate on Friday.  Should I order breakfast?
Give me your thoughts.
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
FYI, Kim.
I think you are right on.  Thanks, Maria
Yes, it does mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we can contract for on PNM--however, we have to use the capacity in accordance with our tariff and rates meaning if the PNM capacity is subject to recall (which I thought was the Commission's concern in the PNM order last year) then we can't use that capacity to sell firm service (not subject to recall) on our system.  I don't think we are relieved of our reporting requirements either that were required in the PNM order.  Maria--please comment if you think I have interpreted this incorrectly.
Ranelle
Ranelle,
Does this mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we previously were limited to on PNM?
I'm very glad that this passed.  Thank you for your help!  Kim.
Just in case you didn't hear, both NNG and TW received approval to acquire third party capacity.  The orders came in last night approving the tariff sheets as we filed them.  If you would like to see the language that will be in the tariff, send me a note back and I can get it to you.  We specifically didn't limit ourselves to just interstate pipeline capacity in the wording that we used--in TW's tariff, we deleted any reference to limiting the amount of PNM capacity that could be purchased.  Thanks for your help with this.
Ranelle
I think I gave my time to you before I left, but if not, here it is 
Discretionary Day:  February 19
Vacation:  February 20, 21, 22
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks, Kim 
Please submit today 
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Thanks Alma!   I would like for everyone in the TW marketing group attend this training.  Has everyone responded to you with a date to attend?   Kim.
EB3907
Alma,
I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo.  Where?
Thanks, Kim.
The new TW Contract/Capacity Release system is due to be implemented the weekend of March 9, 2002.  We will be offering training/demo's of the new system for internal users on the below dates.  Please contact Alma Carrillo with the date and time you would like to attend 
Thanks
Linda
Monday March 18th:  Two Sessions - 1:30pm and 3:00pm
Thursday March 21st:  One Session - 1:30pm
If you have any questions or will be unable to attend one of the above demo sessions please let me know.
Whose master firm physical gas agreement?  Does UBS have these?  Kim.
FYI
Paul: GISB is OK for one month deasl, need master firm physical gas agreement ffor term transactions
S
Stephanie W. Miller
Director Origination
UBS Warburg Energy LLC
1500 Louisiana
Houston, Texas 77002
stephanie.miller@ubswenergy.com
phone (713) 853-1688
fax (713) 646-2391
How about today (Thursday) at 2:00.  Can you come to EB1336?.  John, are you available, also?
Thanks, Kim.
Sorry for the delay in response...I'm up to my ears in preparation for TW's new contracts/capacity release implementation.  I am available both Wednesday and Thursday afternoon.  Please let me know which is better for you.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Elizabeth, Yes I would like to discuss this with you.  My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good.  How about you?
Kim.
It again appears that some one-part contracts have not had the GRI commodity portion discounted to zero whenever possible.  This detail needs to be reviewed monthly since it  impacts Transwestern's bottom line.  Can we discuss so that everyone is on the same page?  Maybe we need a point person in the scheduling group to review a monthly report and identify who within Marketing will be updating/correcting the rates in CBS.
Examples of discounted contracts in January 2002 where we paid out to the GRI rather than discounting to zero and taking the money to income:
Sempra K #27808
PG&E Energy Trading K #27796
Western Gas K #27797
Agave K #27377
Tenaska K #27792
Please let me know what your thoughts are.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
I have a conference call then.  How about Friday morning or afternoon?
Can we move it back to 3pm...someone just scheduled another meeting for our upcoming implementation.
How about today (Thursday) at 2:00.  Can you come to EB1336?.  John, are you available, also?
Thanks, Kim.
Sorry for the delay in response...I'm up to my ears in preparation for TW's new contracts/capacity release implementation.  I am available both Wednesday and Thursday afternoon.  Please let me know which is better for you.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Elizabeth, Yes I would like to discuss this with you.  My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good.  How about you?
Kim.
It again appears that some one-part contracts have not had the GRI commodity portion discounted to zero whenever possible.  This detail needs to be reviewed monthly since it  impacts Transwestern's bottom line.  Can we discuss so that everyone is on the same page?  Maybe we need a point person in the scheduling group to review a monthly report and identify who within Marketing will be updating/correcting the rates in CBS.
Examples of discounted contracts in January 2002 where we paid out to the GRI rather than discounting to zero and taking the money to income:
Sempra K #27808
PG&E Energy Trading K #27796
Western Gas K #27797
Agave K #27377
Tenaska K #27792
Please let me know what your thoughts are.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Friday at 9:00am works for me.  Where?  Kim.
Sorry, didn't mean to leave you off the distribution 
can we shoot for Friday at 9am?
I have a conference call then.  How about Friday morning or afternoon?
Can we move it back to 3pm...someone just scheduled another meeting for our upcoming implementation.
How about today (Thursday) at 2:00.  Can you come to EB1336?.  John, are you available, also?
Thanks, Kim.
Sorry for the delay in response...I'm up to my ears in preparation for TW's new contracts/capacity release implementation.  I am available both Wednesday and Thursday afternoon.  Please let me know which is better for you.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Elizabeth, Yes I would like to discuss this with you.  My schedule for Wednesday afternoon or Thursday looks good.  How about you?
Kim.
It again appears that some one-part contracts have not had the GRI commodity portion discounted to zero whenever possible.  This detail needs to be reviewed monthly since it  impacts Transwestern's bottom line.  Can we discuss so that everyone is on the same page?  Maybe we need a point person in the scheduling group to review a monthly report and identify who within Marketing will be updating/correcting the rates in CBS.
Examples of discounted contracts in January 2002 where we paid out to the GRI rather than discounting to zero and taking the money to income:
Sempra K #27808
PG&E Energy Trading K #27796
Western Gas K #27797
Agave K #27377
Tenaska K #27792
Please let me know what your thoughts are.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Bullets, please!
Audrey,
Does this impact us?
Kim.
Date:		February 26, 2002
Enron has selected WorldCom Conferencing as our sole conferencing provider.  Under a recently signed national contract, all Enron locations can utilize WorldCom for their conference calling needs at a substantial savings when compared to other conferencing providers.
The favorable pricing supplied to us by WorldCom Conferencing gives us a significant reduction in our conference call per minute rate, providing beneficial savings to our company.  In order to achieve these savings, it is critical that all Enron employees start, or continue, to use WorldCom for all your conferencing needs.
If you are currently using another company, please begin using WorldCom Conferencing for your audio conference needs. Enclosed is information on how to set up your user profile and start conferencing with WorldCom.
Should you need additional training, information on conferencing services, or assistance in planning a meeting please contact Torri Rhodes, WorldCom Conferencing Consultant at 713-651-3278.  For account management and sales support, please contact Sandra Audrain-Gorrie, District Sales Manager at 713-888-1369.   For all internal conferencing questions or concerns, please contact Peter Goebel, Global Strategic Sourcing, Director-IT/Telephony at 713-345-3325.
Steve,
What was the Oneok issue?  What does Ann mean by "ETS was releasing gas to Oneok 
fyi. I am following -up on this.
Can you follow up on this.
Stan................just a reminder to follow up with the commercial group regarding the question about gas going off the system.  While we have capacity, the field doesn't see much happening to bring customers back or to get new customers.  There was also the issue of better communication between the commercial group and the field.  They specifically mentioned a situation with ONEOK.  The customer told the field employees that ETS was releasing gas to them, not our commercial group.
Again...............you did an outstanding job yesterday 
I must be sleepy this morning.  ??.   K.
ILY.  WRFBDTTOLC,SDF!  SYT.  JTW.
ORDINARY LIFE - Thoughts and Ideas To Help You Live a Happier Life
PREVIEW for March 3, 2002
Dear Folks -
I hope you have been allowing the story of One/Two Man to work its magic
on you. It is a most wonderful story.
But what in the world - either the outer or inner world - does such a
story have to do with us? And those various animals who helped One/Two Man
in his task? Especially the snake?
When we gather this week, as promised, I'll give you some ideas about
what this story means. What I'm mostly interested in is how we can use this
story and others like it - and there are many - for our own movement toward
freedom and love.
I also want to connect this story to that primal Judeo-Christian story of
the exodus.
I   this week as we continue our journey
from bondage to freedom,
from darkness to light,
from death to life.
Much love,
Bill Kerley
Ordinary Life is a gathering that provides an opportunity to develop an
enlightened heart and an awakened mind to the reality of the present moment.
The gathering meets on Sunday mornings at 9:45 am in Fondren Hall at St.
Paul's UMC - 5501 South Main, Houston, Texas and is taught by Dr. Bill
Kerley. If you would like more information -
Contact Bill Kerley -
E-Mail - Bill@bkspeaks.com
Web - www.bkspeaks.com
Voice - 713-663-7771
Fax - 713-663-6418
Mail - 6300 West Loop South, Suite 480 Bellaire, TX 77401
If someone has forwarded a copy of this newsletter to you and you would like
to subscribe, send a blank e-mail addressed to
ordinarylife-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
You can access the archives of all the Ordinary Life newsletters by going to
You can add someone you know would be interested in receiving these on-line
newsletters by sending that information to -
Bill@bkspeaks.com
I'll make sure they are added immediately!
You can unsubscribe to this newsletter by sending an e-mail to
ordinarylife-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com
and printed elsewhere as long as it is not changed in any way and credit is
given to this source.
Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to  
Theresa,
I've been out of town the last couple of days, can we get together later today to discuss this 
Would you be available for lunch or right after lunch 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
Have you thought about buying a call on the spread instead of unwinding the spread outright?  (Just a thought)
Thanks,
Theresa
See the attached spreadsheet.  Let me know if you have any questions.
FYI, Kim.
In the CPUC's meeting today, the Commission approved the proposed RLS/Peaking tariff which provides for a bypass peaking rate when customers bypass their system except for peaking service.  It appears they approved the June 19th Proposed Decision which establishes a cost based rate made up of four components--Customer Charge, Public Purpose Program charge, Reservation Charge and a volumetric Interstate Transition Cost Surcharge.  As soon as the Order is published I'll review the final Order and advise if this is still true or if any changes were made.  SoCal will have 10 days from the Order to file an Advice Letter with conforming tariff sheets.
gh 
Audrey,  Here they are.
Thanks, Kim.
John,
Look at this.  Kim.
-Look real closely!
Can you spot what's wrong with this picture? Look closely. It may take you a minute.
Lindy, this looks good.  I like it.
Thanks, Kim.
Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.
Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.
Let me know your comments.
Thanks!
TK,
This is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time!  You should have heard me scream!  I laughed so hard I had to hang up on the Steve Cooper voice mail 
K.
-Look real closely!
Can you spot what's wrong with this picture? Look closely. It may take you a minute.
Mansoor,  this is the other thing I was trying to remember when I was in your office this afternoon.  I would like to discuss this with you 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at Ivanhoe, what do we need to do next?  We are currently out of compliance on the ESD system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
Thanks for the feedback. Kim Watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this. 
Steve
This is just to follow up on the phone message I left for you today (Friday, March 1).
The questions raised in the employee meeting with Stan Horton in Amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system, had to do with NNG facilities not TW.
As I stated in the voice mail, we do have an issue at the Ivanhoe station.  The HP there has not run in several years, but as long as it's in place, we are required to maintain the ESD system.  We would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units.  If we don't do this, we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system.  Our question is, who do we need to work with on this effort?
Thanks for following up so quickly after Stan's visit.
Randy
Thanks, this was exactly what I was looking for 
Kim.
Kim,
Per Jan Moore's phone conversation this morning requesting the TW Capital IT project expenses for 2000 to Current:
The RMS work orders show a total of $105,622 actually billed to TW. The budgeted amount was $690,510. The work orders never were allocated with the actual costs, so majority of the actual costs are still showing up on NNG's books.
The Market Intelligence work order shows a total of $36,949 actually billed to TW. Let me know if we need to discuss this further.
Thanks,
Mark Ferguson
Enron Transportation Services
IT Manager
(713) 853-3186
Yes, however, I thought I saw an earlier message from you booking this meeting at 9:00.  Either time works for me.  Please confirm. 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, are you available at 10:00 on Wednesday?
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Audrey, 
Could you please check Steve's and Kim's calendars to see if I can visit with them for about 30 mins
on Wed - Fri this week or some time next week. It will essentially be a Feedback/Update meeting on Facility planning and optimization support to marketing.
Thank you
Ben
FYI, Kim.
FYI,
Looks like we have a few adm things to get in place before we can implement.
Lindy,
Since Socal will not be confirming during the timely cycle, this gas will be incremental and the supplies may not get scheduled. Also,  I know Socal confirms the Needles point via EDI. Will they also confirm this Socal Topock point via EDI? If they do confirm via EDI, it would be good to have them work with Mary Draemer on a test EDI file. Will they give us a window like they do at Socal needles?
Today in TMS, we do have a Non Grid cycle that runs just prior to the gas day starting at 7:30 am. I know Socal does not confirm  this cycle today for Needles. Also, currently in production today Socal Needles point 10487 is set up as a passive point for confirmation. This Topock point would need to be set up with the same point status role for confirmation if they confirm this point via EDI. Socal will need to complete the Operator Choice request form that is posted on the TW web site.
Thanks Ramona
I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list 
Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week.
Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.
Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.
Let me know your comments.
Thanks!
John, sorry, I forgot to respond, they look fine.  Thanks, Kim.
Please review and make any suggestion ASAP to the attached TW customer notification letters that will be used in the implementation of the Contract and Capacity Release application.
Thanks: John Buchanan
Randy,
Mansoor and I met on this topic this morning.  We are confirming with Perry Frazier what, if any, firm commitments we may have on this system to make sure we understand possible impacts of abandoning this station.  Also, we will meet with the regulatory folks this week to discuss the various regulatory options with them.  We will keep you updated as we progress through these meetings 
How much money is required on the Ivanhoe station to keep ESD compliant?
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at Ivanhoe, what do we need to do next?  We are currently out of compliance on the ESD system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
Thanks for the feedback. Kim Watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this. 
Steve
This is just to follow up on the phone message I left for you today (Friday, March 1).
The questions raised in the employee meeting with Stan Horton in Amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system, had to do with NNG facilities not TW.
As I stated in the voice mail, we do have an issue at the Ivanhoe station.  The HP there has not run in several years, but as long as it's in place, we are required to maintain the ESD system.  We would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units.  If we don't do this, we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system.  Our question is, who do we need to work with on this effort?
Thanks for following up so quickly after Stan's visit.
Randy
Lindy, can you respond to this 
Many thanks, Kim.
Is the message that is sent via EDI the same as the message that is displayed on our Web site?  If not, can you explain why there would be a difference?
Everyone,
As stated below in Rich's memo, the quantities that will be posted in the new daily unsubscribed report are the same quantities that TW is currently sending in EDI files. As part of the permanent solution, the EDI process will need to be modied when the website is modified.
I would like to review messages that are sent in TW EDI files for unsubscribed capacity and operationally available capacity.
TW currently sends a text message with each of the EDI unsubscribed capacity files that are sent to customers.  This message is:
Capacity at these points is subject to the capacity available on the relevant path for the receipt and delivery point combination(s) requested. (2)  Please contact your Marketing Representative for information concerning point with capacity less than 5,000 Mcf/day. (3)  Transwestern is willing to consider expressions of interest concerning available capacity or requests for capacity.  Shipper interested in available capacity may either contact their Marketing Representative or submit a request for service to Transwestern Transportation Marketing, P.O.Box 1188, Houston, Texas 77251-1199 or by facsimile to (713)646-8000.
For operationally available capacity, TW currently sends the following text message with each EDI operationally available file:
The below listed capacity is an estimate of the unutilized capacity that will be available on the effective date above, until further notice is posted.  The capacity is only an estimate and is subject to change without notice due to the transient nature of pipeline operations.  There are no guarantees expressed or implied that this capacity will be available.  Formal nominations to the pipeline will be processed in accordance witht he company's tariff provisions for scheduling of all available capacity.
Please review and let me know if any revisions need to be made to the above text messages.
Thanks,
Mary 
In a meeting to discuss a new FERC commission ruling, it was decided that TW needs to post daily unsubscribed capacity information to the web by August 10th.  Since the daily numbers will be the same as the monthly numbers for August through October, we will post the monthly numbers published through the new TW unsubscribed capacity system as if they were daily numbers.  The posting will be for two days in advance.  (i.e. on August 1, we will post numbers for August 3).  Since these will be the same numbers used by EDI, TW's unsubscribed capacity EDI will not need to change at this time.  To do this, TW's new unsubscribed capacity posting must be in production by the 10th.  We will do our best to be ready for testing the daily posting by Monday,  August 5. (Jeanne & Patty - is August 6th doable for testing and August 10th doable for production?)
This is only a temporary solution until further analysis can be done to design the correct solution.  The permanent solution must be in place before November 1.
The meeting attendees were:
Glen Hass
Toby Kuehl
Brad Holmes
TK Lokman
Ramona Betancourt
Mary Draemer
Kim Watson
Perry Frazier
Terry Kowalke
Ranelle Paladino
Rita Bianchi
Steve,
Are you available on Wednesday to discuss the Ivanhoe station?  We want to describe to you what the situation is and get your advice on what our regulatory options are.  I'm available anytime except 9:00-10:00 and 2:00-3:00 
Mansoor, how about you?
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at Ivanhoe, what do we need to do next?  We are currently out of compliance on the ESD system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
Thanks for the feedback. Kim Watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this. 
Steve
This is just to follow up on the phone message I left for you today (Friday, March 1).
The questions raised in the employee meeting with Stan Horton in Amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system, had to do with NNG facilities not TW.
As I stated in the voice mail, we do have an issue at the Ivanhoe station.  The HP there has not run in several years, but as long as it's in place, we are required to maintain the ESD system.  We would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units.  If we don't do this, we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system.  Our question is, who do we need to work with on this effort?
Thanks for following up so quickly after Stan's visit.
Randy
did you get an updated tariff from Reg Affairs?  Let me know if you still need assistance.
Thanks, Kim. 
Kim, Eric is borrowing Kevin Hyatt's TW Tariffs (small) binder.  He has asked me to try to get one for him.  Does someone supply those or do I just need to have it reproduced for him. 
Thanks!
Audrey 
My changes are in color.  Also, I will bring over to you a list of others to add.  (I could not add rows to this spreadsheet, sorry).
Thanks, Kim.
I would like to see if you guys can take a few minutes to update our Customer List for Steve.
Please see attached list and forward contact names, numbers and email addresses 
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Hi Kirk,
I just wanted to check in with you and see how you were doing.  How is the Big Sandy Project?  How are you doing on the water rights?  I hope all is well.  We're doing fine in Transwestern 
Kim.
It's official!  We are moving next week on Thursday, March, 14!  Actually, we have to be packed up by close of business on Wednesday, March 13.  Ruthann will be calling each of you to discuss your move needs, such as your type of computer equipment, whether or not you are moving your chair, etc...Boxes will be coming soon.
Please let Audrey or me know if you have any questions.
Thanks, Kim.
How about I talk with her on the phone...  We can visit with her tonight.  K.
Kim -
I made a few notes below...any enhancements?
JW
John,
I need your advice.  My sister and I have decided to take a trip together
this fall.  We are interested in about a 6-7 day trip (does not include
travel days), splitting it between London and Paris.
We thought we'd fly to London and spend a few days, then take the tunnel
bullet train to Paris and spend a few day and return to London to fly home.
Our questions are:
1.  When is a better time to visit Paris, September or October - we want to
avoid high tourist season and maybe capitalize on lower hotel prices.
2.  My sister has visited London many times and has friends there, so we
won't have any trouble with an agenda, however, we've never been to Paris.
3.  For 2-3 days what would you recommend we do/see in Paris?
Highlights: the Louvre, the Orsay, Saint Chapelle (behind Notre Dame), the
sewer tour (I'm not kidding), shopping at Galleries Lafayette and Printemps,
the Eiffel Tower, other stuff?
4.  What reasonably priced hotels would you recommend in Paris?
Kim found one in the more residential area that is near 
5.  Any other advice/tips?
Try to eat at Cafe/Bistro Bacchanal (something like that).  We ate there on
one trip and couldn't get in the next time.
Buy your Metro tickets by the carnet (10 at a time).
Thank you so much,
Jane
FYI, Kim.
Kim,
Here are the work station assignments.
Donna
New Loc	   Phone	   Location	   Name	
3902	  853-1796	    1338	  Steve Harris	
3901	  853-5849	    1337	  Audrey Robertson	
3905A	  853-6007	    1337a	  Lindy Donoho	
3910b	  853-3098	    1346	  Kim Watson	
3910d	  853-7610	    1341	  TK Lohman	
3910a	  853-5403	    1341a	  Lorraine Lindberg	
3910f	  345-7932	    1342	  Michelle Lokay	
3910c	  345-7896	    1343	  Mark McConnell	
3910e	  345-4173	    1344	  Paul E Y'barbo	
3915b	  345-3858	    1340	  Jan Moore	
3942	  853-5028	    1335	  James Centilli	
3905	  Phone*		  Lawyer	
3915a	  Phone*		  Finacial Assistant	
Gaylen and Jodi,
Here is the schematic for the Blanco Hub, it has not been updated for your new interconnect yet 
Gaylen, I got your voice mail on amending the payment schedule if you guys are purchasing most of the equipment and I am OK with amending it to reflect the change in spending.  I've got a draft that I will update for the spending.  I'll send it to you soon 
By the way, do you guys have a list of the customers that will be attending your customer meeting next week?  I am scheduled for the second session.
Thanks, Kim.
We have a response back from the Hotel Firenze (same hotel we stayed in before) in Rome for the last two nights of our trip (June 7 & 8) that they do have availability.  The rate is Euro 155.00 (according to the conversion rate I think this is about USD $136) for each room all including.  They will need credit card info if we want to confirm.
I have not heard from the Hotel Conditti ( which is the hotel we had reservations for back in September and is located closer to the Spanish Steps than the Hotel Firenze) and hope to hear from them soon 
I have also not heard back from the Marincanto Hotel in Positano.  I'll keep you posted. 
I thought we would give the Hotel Conditti another day to respond before making our decision.  If Conditti does not have space or is too pricey, are we OK with booking the Hotel Firenze?  I have not checked into other Rome hotels.  Let me know if you would like me to investigate others.
Please advise.
Thanks, Kim.
Oh, My Italian Amigos,
I just received a fax from Hotel Condotti and they do have availability for June 7 & 8 at a rate of Euro 233 ( which is about USD $204) which includes breakfast and taxes.
Please check out each of the above web sites and let me know what you think.  The Condotti is a little more expensive, but certainly looks very nice.  We know that Firenze was fine and I'm certainly happy to stay there again if everyone is game 
John, do you have a preference?  Paul please talk with Judy and let me know what your vote is.   Also, let me know if you want me to check on other hotels in Rome.  Once I tally the votes, I'll confirm the hotel.
Thanks, Kim.
P.S.  Paul, you'll have to give me your credit card information.  Call me with this info, do not send email.  (Due to Big E issues, I cannot delete any email messages and I don't want this info hanging around.)
Steve, 
We are still confirming whether or not TW has had other I to I deals negotiated in the past.  So far, TK, Lorraine and Michelle don't think that we have any, but I will talk to Lindy tomorrow.  Here are some NNG I to I neg. rates that have been approved during the past year 
I will keep you posted. 
Kim.
Kim - in the past year, Ranelle & I found 4 Negotiated Rate deals involving index differentials in the past year.
All were approved.  I cut & pasted relevant sections for NNG tariff sheets (the complete sheets are in the Current & Superseded sections under NNG's Informational Postings-Tariff on the EBB)
I don't have the docket number for the first one with Midamerican Energy, 1/2000.
The others are:
RP96-272-016 8/1/2001 Dynegy marketing
RP96-272-024 1/1/2001 Oneok & Aquila
(Tariff sheet dated 1/16/2001 - there was apparently some other change after the initial filing)
RP96-272-029 4/1/2001 MIdAmerican Energy 
Stuart,
Your ears, or maybe mine, must have been burning lately.  I have been thinking about you over the past couple of days and wanted to call you and schedule lunch.  Is your new office in the Greenway Plaza area?  Gosh, we have lots to catch up on from both your side and mine.
Congratulations!  I know you must be excited and I can't wait to hear about your new opportunities with WHES!
What is you schedule the week of March 18?  Are you available for lunch anytime the week of 3/18?
Thanks, 
Kim 
Katy,
Thanks for the list, however, I do not have word perferct and cannot open the document.  Can you convert it to a Word document and re-send?
Sorry for the trouble.
Thanks,
Kim 
Kim--
Attached is a list of our customers who are attending the customer meeting for the second session.
Ben and Dennis,
We do indeed appreciate being able to use the 3907 conference room for our morning meetings.  Thank you for moving your standing Wednesday staff meetings to another meeting room.  We look forward to being on the same floor with everyone!
See you Thursday on EB39!
Kim 
Alicia, thanks for your patience as we attempt to acquire meeting space for our team.   Initially,  the TW Commercial Team wanted to hold its morning meetings in ECN-39C1, however, our team has decided to keep the space reserved in ECN 3907 for our morning meetings from 8:00 - 8:30a and Friday afternoon meetings from 3:00 - 3:30p.
Marian Salinas, who keeps the schedule for the team rooms on the 39th floor,  noted there was a conflict only on Wednesday mornings.  Ben Asante and Leigh Ann Foret have graciously agreed to release this Wednesday morning slot for our team.  The Facility Planning/Optimization team will now meet in ECN 3998 for there weekly meetings held on Wednesdays from 8:00 - 9:00a 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank each of you for your assistance in making things happen for the TW Commercial Team.  We look forward to our upcoming move to the 39th floor on next week.
Thanks again for your assistance,
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
My Italian Amigos,
I have just received a fax from the Marincanto Hotel, Positano.  They do have availability for us beginning May 25 for 3 nights.  They have at least one standard double room (sea view) for Euro 186 (approximately $165 USD) and one superior double room (also sea view) for Euro 217 ( approximately $192 USD).  The only difference between the rooms that I can tell from their fax is that the superior room has a jacuzzi bath.  I do not know where in the room the jacuzzi is located.  This hotel has a private beach (I think I read somewhere in one of my books that there was a small nominal fee to use the beach) with a private descent (Wahoo!).  They also have private parking at the cheap price of Euro 18 per day and only a thousand (uphill each way) steps to it 
Is this hotel still OK?  I do not know if they have two standard room and two superior rooms or just one of each type available.  Please let me know what your preference is.  I can clarify in my next fax.  If both our preferences are for the same type room and they only have one of each, shall we draw straws or have a pizza eating contest?
Also, there was one other hotel in Positano that I looked into before finding Hotel Marincanto for our Sept. trip but they were full.  I may look them up tonight and fax them tomorrow just to compare.
Please advise.
Thanks, Kim.
P.S.  We also have a fax from Hotel Firenze in Rome that we are confirmed for June 7 & 8!
Please send me your bullets ASAP this morning.  If you have no bullets to report, please reply to me that you have none 
Thanks, Kim.
Audrey, here they are!
Steve, 
I just ran into Tracy in the hall and she asked if on Trans Pecos the $131MM (or it could be $138MM) represented 100% or 50% of the cost.  The $131 is 100% of the cost of the project.  If we joint venture with KMI, our cost would be half of this.  Call me if you have questions.
Thanks, Kim.
I will be out of town next Friday.  Lorraine will be attending for our group.  Thank you for the invite.  Kim.
Ruth, would you please invite Lindy Donoho also.  Thanks, Kim.
yes.
test
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
By the way, I don't think I finished my thought when we were talking about this earlier today.  Yes, you are correct that PNR revenue was only $1,200 in July.  Due to higher swings in the SoCal window causing higher line pack, parks were not made available most of the month.  TK continues to challenge our ability to accomodate PNR's.  The Daily Balancing Report is helping us to recognize opportunities for this service.
Thanks, Kim 
Did I read this right in that we only made $1000 for July but last month we made$1,000,000 
Attached is the detail of July 2001 PNR charges. 
Yes, I called Steve Harris from the airport.  What is the amount?  I was not sure from the numbers below.  Please save the detail from my expense account. 
Thanks, Kim.
Hey, darlin', did one of us make a credit card call from Newark airport?  I
seem to recall that we did...pretty expensive 8 minutes 
Card number: 858 109 6251
Domestic calls
Click to Sort By Date
Date Number called Where Time Rate Type Min Amount
1 Feb 20 713 899-4993 Houston,TX 4:26pm day station 8 8.37
Called from 973 776-8792 PAYPHONE,NJ
Lindy,
We are meeting on Tues at 10:00 in 1336 to discuss how TW may handle a storage point on our system with respect to how we contract for this point (given that contracts will want to receive and deliver to this point on a firm basis) as well as how we schedule gas at this point.  Will you be able to attend and give us your advise?
Many thanks, Kim.
We are sending them over this morning.  I have already talked to Dave Matney and told him the agreements were coming this morning.  They will review and we will plan to meet next Mon or Tues to iron out any remaining items (such as the operatorship) so we can tender to Pemex 
Stan is OK with them and has agreed that if we need to conceded the operatorship, we can, but he would like an opener in three years to re-bid the operatorship 
Did we send the new version to K/M yet.
Steve, FYI, Kim.
I spoke with San Juan early this morning and they indicated they would be running another pig this Wednesday   
I am attaching a profile of the efficiencies between Bloomfield and Bisti for Feb 22-
March 11.
Summary
1)	Before pigging, (i.e. 21-27th), the efficiency was about 96.5%
2)	After the pig run on the 27th, the efficiency increased to about 102% for two days.
3)	It averaged about 101% for the next 6 days (i.e. 28th-5th March 4)	It then steadily plummeted to 98% over a 3-day period - a percent degradation a day! (5th-8th March)
5)	It remains around the 98% average today.
Essentially, the high efficiency resulting from the 27th Feb pigging lasted just about a week.
The targeted efficiency for this section is 103%.
At the TW commercial meeting this afternoon, we indicated that applying the DRA around the end of May (together with other planned outages) may be the way to go. Meanwhile,  I believe we should schedule another pig run as soon as we can. 
I did also receive the sample collected from the last pig run. I will have it analyzed and report on our findings.
Please let me know any thoughts you may have on this issue
ben
Original Message We kicked a pig down the San Juan Lat. on 2-27-02 @ 08:03 MST Pressure was 1145 PSI, Flow of 840.  It was a newly rebuild pig and was kicked dry.   Bisti was down for 55 min, and the pig went by Bisti @ 10:26 MST.  Data at each valve site retreved off RTUs.   If you have any questions or comments, please call.
Thanks,     -Brian-
Earl and Mansoor,
I have received a copy of the as-built drawings for the TW/Agave Eddy County Interconnect.  Earl, as I understand it, you have a copy also.  Please confirm that you have what you need.  I will send my copy to Mansoor unless otherwise directed. 
Also, I have received an invoice from Agave for $245,904.20 for their work on this interconnect.  Earl, I believe Mark McConnell faxed you a copy a few weeks ago.  I need you both to approve the invoice so I can pay.  Do either of you have any comments regarding this invoice?  Does anyone else need to see it?  Please advise.
Thanks, Kim.
Dennis,  I am travelling Wednesday and will not be able to attend.  I am asking Lorraine to attend in my place. 
Thanks, Kim.
Lorraine,  Will you be able to attend this meeting?  Thanks, Kim.
Please plan to attend a short meeting Wednesday, March 13 at 10:30 in ECN 3907 to discuss TW Firm shippers' amendments, transactional reporting, and "Holding Capacity".
The session should not last more than 1 hour.
Thank you.
Dennis P. Lee
ETS
Gas Logistics
(713) 853-1715
dennis.lee@
Audrey, I have no off duty time to report.  Thanks, Kim.
Please submit 
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Mark, let's discuss this and get with Kevin.  Thanks, Kim.
Kim:
In the past, we have looked at this as a joint venture - my understanding is that this has been changed to an undivided ownership at the TW level.  From a deal structuring perspective, this is a major change. I just need to re-think this one a bit Kevin
pretty cute.
To all my Aggie friends and other friends who will be amused 
Earl,
Will you be able to coordinate with Agave to do this?  Have you talked to Paul Ragsdale yet?  FYI, I had Audrey send my copy of the as-built drawing to you last week.  If this is a duplicate from what Agave sent you, would you please forward the copy I sent you to Mansoor for his files 
Let me know if I need to talk to Agave 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Lou--while you were on the lake 
Thanks, Kim.
After having several conversations, I found out that TW's daily unsubscribed capacity will not actually match the monthly unsubscribed capacity.  The lowest of the numbers from the posting date to the end of the month will show up as the monthly number (i.e.  If the available capacity is 0 on the last day of the month, "0" will show up as the monthly number for the whole month).  I also found out that for on-line reporting, we can display the actual daily number from TW's CAS system.  EDI will continue to send out the monthly numbers which match the on-line monthly report.  EDI will continue this process until further analysis can be done.
Patty Hermanek will modify the daily report in Model Office and notify everyone when she is done.
In a meeting to discuss a new FERC commission ruling, it was decided that TW needs to post daily unsubscribed capacity information to the web by August 10th.  Since the daily numbers will be the same as the monthly numbers for August through October, we will post the monthly numbers published through the new TW unsubscribed capacity system as if they were daily numbers.  The posting will be for two days in advance.  (i.e. on August 1, we will post numbers for August 3).  Since these will be the same numbers used by EDI, TW's unsubscribed capacity EDI will not need to change at this time.  To do this, TW's new unsubscribed capacity posting must be in production by the 10th.  We will do our best to be ready for testing the daily posting by Monday,  August 5. (Jeanne & Patty - is August 6th doable for testing and August 10th doable for production?)
This is only a temporary solution until further analysis can be done to design the correct solution.  The permanent solution must be in place before November 1.
The meeting attendees were:
Glen Hass
Toby Kuehl
Brad Holmes
TK Lokman
Ramona Betancourt
Mary Draemer
Kim Watson
Perry Frazier
Terry Kowalke
Ranelle Paladino
Rita Bianchi
Hattie, 
Yes, I will fax it to you when I get home tonight.  In fact, when you get it, why don't you call me and we can talk about it.  This is one of the recipes that I got in Paris when I went to cooking school.  They translated it for us, but as you can imagine, it needs just a little bit of discussion to fill in the blanks.  I hope I'm not scaring you, it is actually a pretty easy recipe  
My home number is 713 791 9201 and my office number is 713 853 3098.
Thanks, Kim 
Kim:
Would you please fax the Red Pepper Soup recipe to me at (281) 334-2466?  The (409) fax number is Jim's office -- and he is in New Orleans all week        Thank you, Kim Hattie Thurlow-McKinley 
TK,
When you get back from vacation, let's talk about this.  What do I need to do?
Thanks, Kim.
Please be advised that we successfully converted existing data and implemented the new contract/capacity release system for Transwestern last week.  With that, there is one change that will impact the Commercial group.  In the old CBS system, the Contract Admin group was responsible for identifying whether a contract was negotiated as a one-part or two-part rate.  Until a deal sheet is built and the new rates/revenue system is implemented, the Marketers will continue to update discounts in the existing CBS system under Negotiated Rates Maintenance 
Additionally, the Marketer will be responsible for updating within the same rate maintenance screen the one-part/two-part flag for all new firm contracts under the 'reservation' charge code.  If a contract amendment requires a change to this indicator, this must also be captured; however, be advised that this field does not have effective dates.  Therefore, if the indicator is not applicable until a future date, the one-part/two-part flag cannot be updated because the current billing will pick up this change.  I will provide any additional training if necessary regarding the loading of rates/indicators.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
As a reminder, we have scheduled internal demos of the new system today at 1:30pm and 3pm as well as this Thursday at 1:30pm in EB3907.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
I received a message that there will be a surprise lunch for Rich Jolly on Friday, March 29 from 11:30 to 1:00pm in ECN46C1.  Rich is retiring after 35 years of service.  Everyone is invited.
Thanks, Kim.
Tiny, 
I just received a message that Rich is going to retire at the end of the month.  I understand that there is a surprise lunch for him in Houston on March 29.  Will you be attending?  Let us know, we'd like to meet with you if you are going to be in town.  Did you receive the $50 check I sent you for Rich's gift?  When I was reconciling my checking account a couple of weeks ago, I noticed it had not cleared yet.  I just want to make sure it did not get lost in the mail.
Good luck on Bisti!
Thanks, Kim.
Tiny,
Thanks for the note.  I'll let TK and Mark know that you got the money for the four wheeler.  Along with many, we will miss Rich a lot 
Thanks, Kim.
Good to hear from you Kim.  First, I did get the check.. I've been out of the office for over two weeks so it will be cashed this week sometime. Sorry about that.   I had not heard anything about a suprise party for Rich in Houston but regardless, with Red Rock, annual outages etc...  it would probably be a difficult time for me.  If I can help with anything please give me a yell.  The next trip to Houston, will probably tie in with a family vacation to Tx. sometime in July 
We are making arrangements to give Rich a retirement party in the field as well.  I was responsible for donations as you know (got to keep it quiet now but we are getting him a four wheeler).  Rick and Arnie are setting up the party which will probably be on April 13 and most likely in Belen, Nm 
Again, the check will be cashed this week. and thanks to all of you....  My wife is making a card and we will have your names included Tiny, 
I just received a message that Rich is going to retire at the end of the month.  I understand that there is a surprise lunch for him in Houston on March 29.  Will you be attending?  Let us know, we'd like to meet with you if you are going to be in town.  Did you receive the $50 check I sent you for Rich's gift?  When I was reconciling my checking account a couple of weeks ago, I noticed it had not cleared yet.  I just want to make sure it did not get lost in the mail.
Good luck on Bisti!
Thanks, Kim.
Cindy,
This works fine for me 
Thanks, Kim.
Sorry, but we are going to have to reschedule this afternoon's 2:00pm meeting with Stan.
How about 2:00pm on Friday, March 22?
Cindy Stark
Executive Assistant to Stan Horton
Tel:   713/853-6197
Fax:  713/345-7047
Cindy.Stark@
Steve,
I will plan to attend this meeting.
Kim.
It has been confirmed that this meeting will now take place on Friday, March 22, from 2-2:30pm in Stan's office.  Rod will be out of the office that day and will call in to 713/345-7437.
Thanks for your cooperation in rescheduling this meeting.
Cindy Stark
Executive Assistant to Stan Horton
Tel:   713/853-6197
Fax:  713/345-7047
Cindy.Stark@
FYI, Kim.
It may be a good idea for everyone to attend this meeting to get brought up to speed on the 637 filing.
.
Kim.
Please plan to attend a meeting regarding TW's Order 637 filing immediately following Steve's staff meeting on Monday, March 24.  We will remain in 39C1 following Steve's meeting to discuss the strategy for resolving TW's Order 637 issues.  FERC Chairman Pat Wood has pledged to get all 637 orders issued by this August so we need to consider what we need to do to eliminate those proposals we no longer want and, hopefully, trade them for deferring segmenting until the next rate case.  Please invite anyone else who could benifit from or contribute to this meeting.
Martha,
I'm sorry you had to miss lunch today.  Frank also brought Mark Pickering (they worked together at EBS).  Frank and Mark are working on business development for Plains.  He very much wants to catch up with you, I told him you would give him a call.
His office number is 713 739-6715  (if 739 doesn't work, try 729, the voice mail was fuzzy).  His cell phone is 713 503-9027 (I know this number is correct).
Please give him a call.  He is very happy in his new role.  My lunch with him today did remind me of the "good ole days" you and I had with him  
Give me a shout when you get back into the office  
Thanks, Kim
P.S.  We moved up to 39 last weekend.  I finally went through all my boxes from the office you and I shared on 41.  Some of the stuff was yours, so I packed you one box and put it on your desk.  (Sorry.......)  Call me.
Kim - I cannot make lunch today with you and Frank.   My husband scheduled a meeting with our financial guy over the noon hour, unaware that I had this planned.    I am OK for you two to go to lunch but I would like to call Frank.  Do you have his number?  Where does he work now?
My apologies for the late notice .....  your friend, Martha
L Can you help with this?  Per my conversation with you earlier today 
Thanks, Kim.
In preparation of the new reporting requirements mandated by FERC, there are a couple of items under Question 1 that we need to decide on regarding the method of data retrieval.  These are:
b.  the terms and effective date of the contract
h.  the rate charged in $$/MMbtu
Rick - Currently, the effective or execution date is not captured anywhere.  I will need someone (on of the Alma's or Josh) to extract all TW contracts and populate this info onto a spreadsheed.  Prospectively, this info will also need to be captured with each new contract 
Kim - With regard to the rate charged, I am concerned with how the information will be captured and stored.  It's virtually impossible to use the current CBS rate system because at the end of the month, there is a great possibility that these FT rates to the Cal border will be buried into a calculated, blended rate (due to capturing incremental fees for alternate point usage).  Also as I mentioned in a previous e-mail to TK, we need to ensure that the IT rates are updated in the rate system promptly.
Don - After your initial review of the data request, did you have any other concerns regarding data retrieval and automation of the process?  I will need to do some investigation regarding what it might take to add some additional fields/identifiers.
Please let me know what your thoughts are.
Thanks,
Elizabeth
Per the Commission's order yesterday, Transwestern will be required to submit daily transportation activity (nominated, scheduled & delivered), capacity release activity and capacity beginning August 1, 2001.  The information will be submitted 30 days after the close of a month -- meaning that our first report will be due September 30.  The order does not specify when the historical capacity information for May 1999 and May 2000 needs to be submitted -- so at this point I'm assuming that it will submitted with the first report.
I would like to have a brief get-together tomorrow at 10:30 AM (Ricki will follow with details) just to make certain that we head into the month collecting all the information we need to be compliant.  In particular, now that we will have to report nominated vs. scheduled to the Cal. border each day -- I have an even heightened concern that we head into the month making sure that we capture the SoCal Window number each day.
Attached is the Commission's "Order Imposing Reporting Requirement on Natural Gas Sales to California Market," which was issued late yesterday.
In the order, the Commission finds that if does have the authority to request the information as set out in the May 18 order proposing the requirements 
The information is to cover August 1, 2001 through Sept. 30, 2002 (the end date coincides with the end of the Commission's mitigation plan re: wholesal prices in California and the West).
Specific info gas sellers and LDCs file concernign purchase and sales transactions is exempt from FOIA disclosure
Also, respondents may request privileged treatment of "other portions of their responses subject to the.....Commission's regulations"
Some of the questions have been modified based on comments received based on comments received on the May 18th proposal
Transaction by transaction data is required; FERC will aggregate the information
The information request will NOT be expanded beyond California
FERC is providing the reporting format as a data template to be available on RIMS.
The order is attached here, and the appendix listing specific questions is below  APPENDIX
Answers to all questions below that require a statement of volumes should set forth the requested volumes on an MMBtu basis.
For Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines:
1.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract for transportation to the California border:
a.	the transaction or contract identification number;
b.	the terms and effective date of the contract;
c.	contract demand by shipper;
d.	the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
e.	the daily nominated volume by shipper;
f.	the daily delivered volume by shipper;
g.	whether the service is firm or interruptible; 
h.	the rate charged in $$/MMbtu;
i.	primary receipt and delivery points associated with the contract; and,
j.	whether the shipper is affiliated with the pipeline.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
2.	For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each capacity release transaction for transportation to the California border:
a.	the transaction or contract identification number, or offer number; 
(This number should tie to contract number reported in Question 1,a., above)
b.	the name of the releasing shipper;
c.	the name of the acquiring shipper;
d.	the contract quantity;
e.	the acquiring shipper's contract rate; and,
f.	the releasing shipper's contract rate.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
Docket No. RM01-9-000	- 6 -
3.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following system information:
a.	the maximum peak day design capacity;
b 	the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c 	the daily scheduled system volume;
d.	the daily delivered system volume;
e.	the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point;
f.	an explanation of each instance that the daily maximum flowing capacity is below the maximum peak day design capacity; and,
g.	an explanation of any daily variance in the maximum flowing capacity.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
4.	On a daily basis for May 1999 and May 2000, please provide the following system information:
a.	the maximum peak day design capacity;
b 	the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c 	the daily scheduled system volume;
d.	the daily delivered system volume, and,
e.	the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
For Sellers of Natural Gas to the California Market:
1.	State whether the seller is affiliated with an interstate or intrastate natural gas pipeline company or local distribution company, and, if so, give the name and address the affiliated company.
2.	 On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract in which you sold natural gas and the gas is physically delivered at points on the California border or in California: 
a.	the sales contract's identification number;
b.	the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates);
c.	the name of the buyer identifying whether the buyer is an energy marketer, local distribution company, or end user; 
d.	the volumes sold (on a MMBtu basis 		e.	the price paid by buyer, and
f.	whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index).
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
3.	For each sales contract, identify separately the transportation component and the gas commodity component of the price.  If the sales contract specifies the transportation component of the price, the seller shall report that amount.  If the sales contract only includes an overall price, then the seller shall report the transportation cost it incurred in moving the gas from the point where it purchased the gas to the point where it sold the gas and how it determined that amount.  If the sale was made at the same point where the gas was purchased, and there is no transportation element in the sale, the seller shall respond "n.a."
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
4.	For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information on a daily basis for each of your gas purchase contracts associated with the sales contracts you identified in response to Question 2:
a.	the purchase contract's identification number;
b.	the pipeline upstream of the point of delivery; and the pipeline downstream of the point of delivery;
c.	the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates 		d.	the daily volumes (on a MMBtu basis) purchased;
e.	the price paid; 
f.         whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index),
g .	identify the entity from whom the responder purchased the gas; and,
h.	identify the point where responder took title to the gas. 
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
For Local Distribution Companies In California:	
1.	Provide your system's gas sales and transportation requirements, (i.e, contract demands and daily demands) by core, non-core, electric generation, and non-utility loads.  Provide a break down of these demands by type of service (e.g., sales and transportation) and quality of service(firm/interruptible 
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
2.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract the local distribution company has with a transportation customer:
a.	contract demand by shipper;
b.	the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
c.	the daily delivered volume by shipper;
d.	whether the service is firm or interruptible; 
e.	the rate charged; and,
f.	receipt and delivery points associated with the contract.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
3.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each contract the local distribution company has with a sales customer: 
a.	the contract demand by purchaser;
b.	the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates 		c.	the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) sold; and,
d.	the price paid by purchaser.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
4.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the following information for each gas purchase contract: 
a.	the purchase contract's identification number;
b.	the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates 		c.	the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) bought;
d.	the price paid; 
e.	whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index); and,
f.	identify the point where (name of local distribution company) took title to the gas. 
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
5.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide by interstate pipeline the type and quantity of transportation service your system has under contract.  At each receipt point, provide maximum peak day design capacity, the daily maximum flowing capacity, the daily nominated capacity and the daily scheduled volumes of the local distribution system.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
6.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide on a system-wide basis your storage service rights i.e., capacity and deliverability rights.  Additionally, provide daily storage balances, injections and withdrawls.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
7.	On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide how much of your system's gas supply was from intrastate production sources.  Separately identify the sources, volumes, receipt points, and prices.  Include the total system supply in your response.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
8.	Provide a summary of your system's gas purchases in the following categories:
a.	daily spot purchases;
b.	monthly;
c.	short-term (more than 1 month and less than 1 year);
d.	medium-term (1-3 years); and,
e.	long-term ( more than 3 years).
by month for each of the last three years in the following format:
a.	price;
b.	volume; and,
c.	identify, by name, where these purchases were made (producing basin or at the California border).
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the response to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
I was really thinking about the prep work needed for Sat evening.  Can we talk tonight?  What watering hole?  Where?
K. 
Think we can stay up until 10 p.m. on Friday?  See Bob's invitation below 
Sounds great!  I've always wanted to know a bar owner (but I'll bite my
tongue to limit the "bar" jokes that come to mind 
Let me pose the question to my lovely wife and I'll get back to you
shortly 
JW
Greetings and salutations!  I have an interest in a watering hole that just
opened up and Gwen and I have plans to spend a couple of hours there Friday
(9-11) after dinner and the kids are down.  Are available to join us for
post dinner aperitifs?
the distribution list for GCMGMA meeting announcments.
If you wish to be removed from this list, simply reply to
this message with that instruction.
The next Gulf Coast MGMA meeting will be held on Wednesday, April 3.  Mark
Phelps, attorney and affiliate member of GCMGMA, will update those in
attendance on the latest information regarding the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), and its impact on physician
practices.
For the location and time of the meeting, please visit the web site at
www.gulfcoastmgma.org and click on the "April 3" link.  You may RSVP your
plans to attend from the web site or by clicking/pasting the link below:
*** Please note:  the meeting schedule has changed.  The dinner/networking
period has been foreshortened and the presentation will commence at 6:15
p.m 
The latest issue of GCMGMA Update is available on the web site.  Click or
paste the link below to view:
We   there!
The GCMGMA Board of Directors
the distribution list for GCMGMA meeting announcments.
If you wish to be removed from this list, simply reply to
this message with that instruction.
Dear Gary and Fran,
Attached, please find a resignation letter from both me and Lorraine Lindberg.  If you would like a signed hard copy, just let me know, I would be happy to provide it to you.  Lorraine has also indicated that she would provide you a signed hard copy, too 
At your convience, I would like to visit with each of you 
Sincerely, 
Kim.
Steve, Tiny sent me this note when he heard the news.
K.
Dang...  What do I say?  I heard the news last night.  I hate it, but I gotta say I'm excited for all of you 
When I think of some of the folks who exemplify what Transwestern Pipeline is..... who's character Transwestern Pipeline was built on..... I just have a hard time  imagining Transwestern Pipeline without Kim Watson and Steve Harris 
I am also so envious of you all.... (I'm turning green..Ha!)  I had serious hopes that KMI (Mrs. McDonald) would make a serious run at TW, but now, well we shall have to see.  If you all ever need a hard working, simple minded, trouble making, but dedicated field ops manager .... give me a call 
I'm going to miss your enthusiasm 
"Love the Work You are With"
Hattie,
This recipe is from my Paris cooking class.  It is supposed to be wonderful served chilled (when we cooked it in class, we served it warm).  Be careful not to add too much cream since chilling it makes it a little thicker anyway.  Also, after you puree it in the blender, Marie Blanche (our cooking teacher) recommends that you strain all of the chunks out with cheese cloth. She says the reason for this is so that the guests will have a harder time figuring out all of the ingredients.  It is part of the Parisian mystery of cooking.
Good Luck!
Kim.
Kim:
Yes, I received the recipe for red soup.  It looks like one of your's, from your personal collection.  Looks delicious.  I think I'll prepare it early and serve it chilled.  What do you think?  Thanks for faxing it. 
Jim has been at a trade show in New Orleans all week, and he's coming home tonight.  Yea        We'll see you Saturday night  
Hattie Thurlow-McKinley 
Sherry,
Thank you so much for your kind thoughts.  I sure have enjoyed working with everyone.  I will miss all the great personalities that we have assembled in ETS!  And, you can definitely count on me for being at The Nutcracker!
Thanks again, Kim 
Kim, best of luck in your new endeavors --   around at least The Nutcracker!!
,
Sherry
Audrey, here they are.
Thanks, Kim.
Shelley,
Congratulations!  TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone.  Can we schedule lunch next week?  I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition.  I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday.  Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment.
Thanks, Kim.
Great.  I'll put 11:30 on my calendar 
Kim.
How about Monday?
Shelley,
Congratulations!  TW has a great marketing department and I know that you will enjoy working with everyone.  Can we schedule lunch next week?  I would love to visit with you and share with you some of the things we have been working on to ensure a smooth transition.  I am available on Monday, Wednesday or Friday.  Tuesday is possible, I would need to move another appointment.
Thanks, Kim.
Audrey,
=20
Please reflect this change for John Cogan on the customer/phone/email list. =20
=20
Thanks, Kim.
=20
Good morning.=20
Please note our change of address and telephone number.=20
Have a great day.=20
John A. Cogan=20
The Johnco Group, LLC=20
81 Lake Lynn=20
Harvey, LA 70058=20
Phone  (504) 683-2717  Effective 3-28-02=20
Cell      (504) 491-2784=20
Fax      (208) 730-4713
FYI, Kim.
Good morning.=20
Please note our change of address and telephone number.=20
Have a great day.=20
John A. Cogan=20
The Johnco Group, LLC=20
81 Lake Lynn=20
Harvey, LA 70058=20
Phone  (504) 683-2717  Effective 3-28-02=20
Cell      (504) 491-2784=20
Fax      (208) 730-4713
L--
More unsubscribed capacity reporting 
Thanks, Kim.
Below is a link to the first version of the TW Daily Unsubscribed Capacity Report. 
Please review the report for the basic format only.  Please keep in mind that the data is from model office, not production; and that the final format of the report will have filtering, sorting and downloading options.
If you have questions, please let me know (x39516 
Thanks.
In a meeting to discuss a new FERC commission ruling, it was decided that TW needs to post daily unsubscribed capacity information to the web by August 10th.  Since the daily numbers will be the same as the monthly numbers for August through October, we will post the monthly numbers published through the new TW unsubscribed capacity system as if they were daily numbers.  The posting will be for two days in advance.  (i.e. on August 1, we will post numbers for August 3).  Since these will be the same numbers used by EDI, TW's unsubscribed capacity EDI will not need to change at this time.  To do this, TW's new unsubscribed capacity posting must be in production by the 10th.  We will do our best to be ready for testing the daily posting by Monday,  August 5. (Jeanne & Patty - is August 6th doable for testing and August 10th doable for production?)
This is only a temporary solution until further analysis can be done to design the correct solution.  The permanent solution must be in place before November 1.
The meeting attendees were:
Glen Hass
Toby Kuehl
Brad Holmes
TK Lokman
Ramona Betancourt
Mary Draemer
Kim Watson
Perry Frazier
Terry Kowalke
Ranelle Paladino
Rita Bianchi
Thanks, Sue.
Actually, today is my last day in the office.  I will start with KMI (doing Business Development)  in a couple of weeks.  I've got your phone number, I'll call you when I know mine and we'll set something up for later this month.
I hope all is well with Dynegy.
Thanks again,
Kim 
C O N G R A T U L A T I O N S  
I'm very happy for you at your new opportunity at Kinder Morgan!  I hope we can get together soon so I can hear all about it!  Let me know your lunch availability.  What will you be doing at KN?  When do you start?
You will do GREAT!  Congratulations!
Sue
TK, FYI, Kim.
FYI.  Was not sure all of you have seen this.  John, please work with the team and Pat Davidson
on any questions 
Thanks. Lynn
Lynn Blair
713-853-7637
lynn.blair@
Attached please find a "draft" notice that SoCalGas plans to post on our EBB regarding the new interconnect at Kramer Junction plus expanded capacities at North Needles and Wheeler Ridge.  In this notice we describe how the allocation of capacity will be made and that this is an interim measure until the implementation of the Comprehensive Settlement for firm capacity rights on the SoCalGas system.  This notice will be posted within the next couple of days.
If you have any questions, please give me a call at (213) 244-3812.  Thanks, Pat 
- NewInterconnects Posting.doc 
FYI, Kim.
Kim, could you let me know who the team can talk to about their concern over TW pipe ownership?
Randy - Tony has some concerns about the possible ownership of some of the abandoned pipe from the TW system.  We had assumed that all of the pipe was either sold or abandoned.  Tony said that Lonnie seemed to have some information about what may still be under ETS' ownership?  We would like to identify exactly what we need to be responsible for so that it can be adequately protected against possible encroachment problems.
Thanks! - Weldon
FYI, KIm.
Here is an estimate for the upgrade to the Ivanhoe ESD system.   Please keep in mind that the HP at the location has not been in operation for several years and If it is ever required, we may be looking a major expense for that, too.  ($200,000+or-)
FYI
Eddie Pool
03/07/2002 07:13 AM
Fred
Here is what I came up with on the Ivanhoe Station.
FYI, Kim.
Thanks for the info Fred, do you know how much it will take to upgrade the ESD system?
Randy,
Mansoor and I met on this topic this morning.  We are confirming with Perry Frazier what, if any, firm commitments we may have on this system to make sure we understand possible impacts of abandoning this station.  Also, we will meet with the regulatory folks this week to discuss the various regulatory options with them.  We will keep you updated as we progress through these meetings 
How much money is required on the Ivanhoe station to keep ESD compliant?
Thanks, Kim.
Kim, regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at Ivanhoe, what do we need to do next?  We are currently out of compliance on the ESD system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
Thanks for the feedback. Kim Watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this. 
Steve
This is just to follow up on the phone message I left for you today (Friday, March 1).
The questions raised in the employee meeting with Stan Horton in Amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system, had to do with NNG facilities not TW.
As I stated in the voice mail, we do have an issue at the Ivanhoe station.  The HP there has not run in several years, but as long as it's in place, we are required to maintain the ESD system.  We would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units.  If we don't do this, we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system.  Our question is, who do we need to work with on this effort?
Thanks for following up so quickly after Stan's visit.
Randy
FYI, Kim.
Kim, regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at Ivanhoe, what do we need to do next?  We are currently out of compliance on the ESD system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible.
Thanks for the feedback. Kim Watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this. 
Steve
This is just to follow up on the phone message I left for you today (Friday, March 1).
The questions raised in the employee meeting with Stan Horton in Amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system, had to do with NNG facilities not TW.
As I stated in the voice mail, we do have an issue at the Ivanhoe station.  The HP there has not run in several years, but as long as it's in place, we are required to maintain the ESD system.  We would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units.  If we don't do this, we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system.  Our question is, who do we need to work with on this effort?
Thanks for following up so quickly after Stan's visit.
Randy
FYI, Kim.
Kim,  we have some units at Ivanhoe Station that have not operated in quite a long time.  We need to begin a process to abandon the units otherwise we are looking at a rather large expense to upgrade the station esd system.  Can you let us know how we can begin to move toward this end?
Fred Jordan or the Beaver Pipeline Team can provide more information about the specifics. 
Thanks for your help.
FYI, Kim.
Do either of you know?
Do we have a projected timeline of expenditures?
Stan/ Rod, here is the most recent red-lined version of the TransPecos agreement. We have substanially changed numerous items from the prior
red-line and feel this more accurately represents TW's interests. Please review the  document and let me know if you are comfortable with it. In particular, we have softened the language requiring us to demonstrate our financial ability to provide services under the agreement. 
At this point, we are just trying to agree on the basics of the K/M LOI so that we can get the transport rate proposal in front of Pemex 
Steve
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
You have the paper copy of this.  K.
Mansoor:
In response to your request about any Firm contracts on the 8" line between Atoka # 3 & #1.  There are 3 contracts using the 12" and 8" common lines, one is a Socal contract # 8255 at Rio Pecos for 6000 mmcf and an Agave contract # 26490 for 800 mmcf.  The third is an Agave contract # 27377 for March 2002 only.  I would suggest changing the contract primary points to something other than Rio Pecos.  The Socal volumes have been delivered, for sometime,  at the Discharge of Atoka #1.  The Aid State POI has been where this Socal gas has flowed.
Perry  3-0667
Not sure how this impacts us.  FYI, K.
You asked for it, and we delivered!  ClickAtHome announces the addition of 4 new Internet Service Providers!
Introducing:  Sprint Broadband Direct, a new high-speed Internet solution based on an innovative technology called "fixed wireless", is now available for eligible Enron employees in 13 cities nationwide!
Houston employees:  Sprint Broadband Direct will be in the Enron Building Lobby on Tuesday, July 31 and Wednesday, August 1 from 10am-2pm.  Get your questions answered regarding special ClickAtHome pricing, service, availability, or anything else!  ClickAtHome Reps will also be there to answer any program questions you may have.
For the North Houston area, Cox Cable and Charter Cable have been added.
And in Orlando, Florida, Time Warner's Roadrunner is now available through ClickAtHome!
Ready to place your order, or have questions regarding availability and pricing?
Visit 
Stay tuned for more Internet Service partners this fall- ClickAtHome will continue to provide eligible Enron employees with high-speed Internet Service!
ClickAtHome helps you Get Innovative at Home!
If you are currently using another ClickAtHome Internet Service Provider and would like to switch, you may do so at any time.  You are responsible for any termination fees associated with cancellation.  ClickAtHome will subsidize only one provider per eligible employee 
For further information regarding switching providers: 
-- visit clickathome.enron.com 
-- click on the "SIGN ME UP" button 
-- click on "Internet Options 
FYI, Kim.
Just a couple of additional thoughts,  the cost estimate for ESD mods of $130,000 will typically be, about 25% more.  The E&C costs,  company overheads and construction support will increase these costs to around $170,000.  I did talk with Fred this morning and will relay the highlights of our conversation 
The current free flow rates north on this lateral average around 35 - 50 mmcfd.  The gas supply is from the Leedy Plant and various low pressure gathering interconnects.  The gas flows north bypassing the compression unit but utilizing the dehydration unit at Ivanhoe.  The gas end up with NNG on the North side of the lateral,  this Lipscomb lateral is isolated from the TW system at the Canadian River block valve.  The 2 units at Ivanhoe are idle and were designed for higher pressure delivery to NNG.  Since they have not run in some time, its probable to spend an additional $300,000 to activate and upgrade the control panels and end devices.  Then we would most likely have to design and resize the units for an additional guess of $350,000.
In order to abandon these units, I would recommend we abandon in place or Plant Held For Future Use.  My guess is about $15 - 25,000 to pull spool pieces and blind flange the units.  I do know that there is some drilling going on in the area,  I don't see a tremendous influx of supply to support the cost to utilize this lateral any different than the current status.
Let us know your comments.
Perry 3-0667
Here is an estimate for the upgrade to the Ivanhoe ESD system.   Please keep in mind that the HP at the location has not been in operation for several years and If it is ever required, we may be looking a major expense for that, too.  ($200,000+or-)
FYI
Eddie Pool
03/07/2002 07:13 AM
Fred
Here is what I came up with on the Ivanhoe Station.
FYI, Kim.
Please see attached proposal per our discussion regarding transportation on NNG.  Please call to discuss when you have a few minutes.  I intend to be in Houston next Wednesday, if you would like to discuss in person.  Let me know if you have a few minutes and I will try and meet up with you.
FYI, KIm.
Mark,
After Earl met with Questar on last Wednesday Feb-20 my understanding is that:
1): TW will build all the necessary interconnect facilities and that Questar is responsible for total costs.
2):	In-service date is May-1 and that could be sooner if Questar will support us in purchasing materials
3): You have revised the agreement and it is based on the above term/ conditions
4): Earl has revised the Work.Order for routing and it is based on the above.
Am I correct on 1,2,3 and 4 ?
Thanks, Mansoor
FYI, Kim.
Earl
Please proceed to issue a  Work Order to construct the facility requirements ( tap, valve, measurement and  DAS facilities as previously described) to tie Questar to TW at San Juan. Please see attachment where Questar explains that you have to acquire a small R.O.W from Elpaso and that will connect TW property to the site where eventually will be Questar's R.O.W.
TW will be reimbursed by Quesatr for the total costs at no tax-gross up is added for this particular project. TW will own and operate the interconnect facilities. 
Payment Schedule
Payment No.				Amount			Due Date
Payment #1				$137,562		         Within 10 days after full 
execution of the Agreement.
Payment #2				$137,562			Within four (4) weeks after
full execution of the Agreement.
Payment #3				$137,562			Within eight (8) weeks after
Full execution of the 
Agreement.
Payment #4				$137,560			Within 30 days after 
Or balance of actual		Transwestern submits to 
costs if over the original	Southern Trails a final 
estimate shown, 		Invoice for actual costs, 
according to Sec. 3.2 of	Subject to Sec. 3.2 of the 
the Agreement.		Agreement.
Total				$550,246 or actual
The in-service date that Marketing is recommending is May-1 and I know that you might have a problem with that but according to Kim Watson Questar is willing  to support us in purchasing materials a little quicker than us. 
Your engineering contact with Questar is Jerry Mouser at 801-324-5744.
Call me if you any concerns/ questions on this project.
Mansoor
Mansoor, 
Here is a note from Gaylen at Questar.  We would like to have this interconnect in place by May 1.  The Interconnect Agreement is anticipated to be executed this week.  I will let you know when it is officially signed.  If it would help us meet our May 1 timeframe, please remember that Questar is more than willing to help order equipment (to our specifications) if our vendors cannot respond as quickly as we would like .  Please let me know if you need additional information.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
As we discussed and agreed, we continue to plan on having the Transwestern meter for the new interconnect into Southern Trails located on our property at Blanco.  Will are planning for Transwestern to tie into it's pipeline and extend piping over to our site where the meter will be located.  Transwestern may need to aquire a small length of right-of-way from El Paso that will connect the TW property to the site we are getting from El Paso.  TW personel will have unlimited acess to this site.
We will create a lease agreement to lease the footprint for the meter to TW. 
As we discussed, this facility must be in operation on May1, 2002. 
Thank you for all your help.
Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
Gaylen
If you or any of your people need additional information please have them call me on tele # 801-324-5133
or
Project Engineering:  Jerry Mouser office# 801-324-5744
Design Engineering:  Jack Ahern office# 801-324-3385
Right-of-way:    Monte Kester  cel# 801-558-0335 
FYI, Kim.
Kim
It would cost approximately $515,000 to build all the necessary interconnect facilities to deliver gas to Questar at this location( please see attached "B" release from Engineering-Roswell). Since TW is constructing this project for Questar we need to add 31.16 % tax gross-up and that will make a total  cost of $ 675,427 for the project.
Again your previous cost of $702,000 , mentioned in the agreement with Questar, is fine because even "B" release cost estimates are approximately 15 
If you any questions please call me at anytime.
,
Mansoor
Mansoor
The Questar I/C estimate for:
1) 12" hot tap on TW's 30" lateral on the suction side of Bloomfield hub
2) Measurement stations with
10" Ultrasonic tube
Flow Control
Positive Over Pressure shut-in
EFM
DAS
Chromatograph
Moisture Monitor
H2S Monitor
UPS System
Building with climate control
TOTAL COST = $515,000
Summary sheet for cost
Totals			SUBTOTAL	
Labor      	93,677 Material       	228,583 Subcontract       	8,580  Domestic (%)    Tax   	6857  			337,697	
Material - frieght 	18858  ENGINEERING (LS)      	10000 Eng - Contract       	6000 Eng - Construct        	8565 Eng- asbuilt - AsBuiltD      	4963  PROJECT MANAGEMENT         	7500 - Project Con        1,500	1500  Construction - Managem        	4800 Construction - Inspect       	20000 Construction - Insp,X-Ray       	2500  Environmental	500  ROW Direct salaries	500 Property Purchase	3500  District Labor       	4800 Contingency	64753 Overhead - TW (%)  	9929 AFUCD     	8634  Total			514,999	
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
FYI, KIm.
Earl
The line number is NMBM154A1 . Please also consider the attached information from Ron and include this in your engineering scope if it makes a technical/ operational sense.
Mansoor
Mansoor,
The line north of the Blanco Hub Questar is tieing into is 30".  The line number is NMBM154A1 with an MAOP of 1009 psig.  There is 1368' of pipe.  Only thing we don't know is exactly wher on the line Questar will tie into.  Other issue came up was the installation of a blowoff near the valve on the north end.  Currently can't blow the line down properly on that end.  North end of the line is up a hill and the team is afraid they can't get the gas out blowing down hill.  Kim is aware about the blowoff and the team will look into the cost.  They claim the team can't install with help from the region welders at a cheap costs.  Hope this is enough info.
Ron Matthews
FYI, Kim.
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Earl,
Will you be able to coordinate with Agave to do this?  [Chanley, Earl]  Will call Agave and make request  Have you talked to Paul Ragsdale yet?  [Chanley, Earl]  No  FYI, I had Audrey send my copy of the as-built drawing to you last week.  If this is a duplicate from what Agave sent you, would you please forward the copy I sent you to Mansoor for his files.   [Chanley, Earl]  Have not received your copy to date, will send to Mansoor when received 
Let me know if I need to talk to Agave 
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
FYI, Kim.
Kim
I have been contacted by Questar this morning and they brought up several options, They build, own and operate, and I indicated there wasn't a problem from E&C if this was the deal Marketing set up. He is to send preliminary designs for E&C to review and materials they use. 
Will keep you informed as project progresses. 
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Earl,
Thanks for the note.  Mansoor and I have talked and we would definitely like you to put a hold on this meter.  I will keep you posted on Questar's response to the list of equipment that you provided us last week as to how quickly they could receive any of this equipemnt.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
If don't foresee a problem with the agreement let's tell Earl to go head. This will expedite the in -service date.
Mansoor
Mansoor,
I did receive the signed I/C Agreement from Questar late on Friday.  I am currently routing it for approval for TW's signature.  If putting a hold on this meter would help improve the in-service date, I would definitely recommend it.  Would you please provide me your thoughts.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Instromat will have a 10" ultra sonic meter and calibrations ready by the end of March. I have not seen the approved PA. If this is a go, I can put a hold on this meter for Delivery to the Questar facility. Please let me know if Marketing would like to proceed on this. 
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
FYI, Kim.
Kim
In a effort to expedite the materials for Questar I/C, can Questar look at what their time frame for getting the following material is to see if it would assist in getting the interconnect in service sooner.
If they have any questions on material, have them call me. 
1) 10" UltraSonic meter with Gallagher flow conditioner, tubes and calibrated. flow one direction.
2) Denials single stream chromatograph, Model 2350, with test gas, Heater box for test gas, and controls.
3) Bristol 3330 EFM with panel box std. 
4) MECO H20 Monitor
5) Building with heat/ac, general gas monitor, breaker with shunt, prewired. 10X10 Explosion proof
6) 12" full opening W X W hot tap valve 600# - Cooper valves are preferred vendor by material management on all valves.
7) 3 - 8" full opening ball valves 600#
8) 2 - 10" full opening ball valves with operators 600#
9) Rosemont's smart transmitters for pressure, diff and temp.
10) 8" Becker flow control valve 600#
We are checking delivery on the items currently, but if they can expiate, it would help.
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
FYI, Kim.
Kim
The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain. Since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other). These are the vendors of instrumentation required for the interconnect. Questar may be able to purchase material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery. (From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most. We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone. Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered. Not the usual mode of operations. 
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design). Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP. 
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be June 15, 2002. 
If you have questions or issues, please let me know.
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
Earl,
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).  As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.  Our in-service date is May 1.  If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.  Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
Thanks, Kim.
Kim
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Thanks
Earl Chanley
505-625-8031
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.  I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.  It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.  Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.  You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.  If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.  Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.   Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language 
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.  If you have any comments, please let me know.  After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
Thanks, 
Kim    713-853-3098
Alma, Please invite Lindy Donoho to this meeting.  Thanks, Kim.
J, please keep this for my files.  Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday.  As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.  It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.  If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume.
See you Sunday.
Tom 
Thomas W. Daugherty
Vice President for Spiritual Care
Methodist Health Care System
6565 Fannin Street, D-200
Houston, Texas 77030-2707
Office: 713-793-1429
Page: 281-735-5919
Cell: 713-819-2784
Fax: 713-790-2605
Bullets, please.
Thanks, K.
FYI, Kim.
The following volumes are capacities west of Station 1 that will result from tie-in construction work slated for the Red Rock expansion.  Tie-in assemblies will be required on both the Mainline and Loopline at stations 1, 2, and 3.  New block and side valve assemblies for new compressor and scrubbers will be installed on the suction side main and loop lines at each station.  The tie-in will entail blocking (isolating) a line segment within the station yard on the suction side (each line done separately) thus creating a dead leg back to the next upstream block valve crossover(s).  Hence, all of the flow will be forced into a single line when making tie-in on the adjacent pipeline line.  The result of forcing all volumes into a single line will produce greater pressure losses in the operating segment to the existing compression and reduce throughput due to lower suction pressure and respective horsepower limitations.  Discharge piping at the station having tie-in work will be unchanged regarding valving configurations.
Tie-in=09Schedule/Duration=09Capacity=09X-over Status
CS 2 ML=09Oct '01 / 4 days=09960 MMcfd=09MLV 3010-open us/ds x-over; open us 30" x-over
CS 2 LL =09Oct '01 / 2 days=09960 MMcfd=09MLV 3010-open us/ds x-over, open us 30" x-over
CS 1 ML=09Mar '02=09/ 4 days=09990 MMcfd=09MLV 2012 & 2011-open us/ds x-over; open us 30" x-over
CS 1 LL=09Mar '02=09/ 2 days=09990 MMcfd=09MLV 2012 & 2011-open us/ds x-over; open us 30" x-over
CS 3 ML=09Apr '02=09/ 4 days=091010 MMcfd=09MLV 4012 & 4011-open us/ds x-over; open us 30" x-over
CS 3 LL=09Apr '02=09/ 2 days=091010 MMcfd=09MLV 4012 & 4011-open us/ds x-over; open us 30"x-over
Notes:
1.=09Specific schedule dates are forthcoming
2.=09Schedules could be impacted by material deliveries and is based upon receipt of construction permits
3.=09Durations consider working around the clock until completed
I've got it booked. I'll give you a call.   Thanks, Kim.
Kim-
Let's do it.
Do you want to give me a buzz at 760/918-0001 next Friday?
Thanks.
Kirk
"Watson, Kimberly" wrote:
 
 Kirk,
 
 How about talking at 10:30am CST on Friday, August 10?  My day is pretty
 flexible, so if another time works better for you, please let me know.
 
 Thanks, Kim.
 
FYI, Kim.
Kim,
Thanks again to you and Lorraine for a wonderful time at lunch yesterday. I
hope we can do it on a much more regular basis. Here is the web site with
the CEC report I was referring to yesterday. I think this is a useful
reference; the FERC is giving it some serious thought as well.
Amy
FYI, Kim.
I just got this and thought you might find it interesting as well.
Amy
Dear Colleague,
The Edison Electric Institute just published a paper, The California
Electricity Crisis: Lessons for Other States, which I wrote. The paper is
available on the Publications page of my website, www.EHirst.com
<  . Please let me know if you have any comments on
the paper.
Here is a summary of the paper:
California was supposed to show the rest of the nation a brighter
electricity future. That future, as outlined by the California Public
Utilities Commission in 1994, envisioned an electricity industry featuring
competitive markets. Such markets were intended to produce lower costs and
more choices for consumers, while ensuring profits for efficient energy
suppliers and encouraging the retirement of old, inefficient power plants.
Although the first two years of restructuring (beginning in April
1998) seemed to bear out these promises, the last year has been a disaster
for California's electricity consumers, taxpayers, and electric utilities.
Part of the fallout from California's electricity crisis is considerable
concern-even opposition-in other states to restructuring the electricity
industry. 
Although a few states have decided, based on the California
experience, not to restructure, I believe that is the wrong outcome.
Instead, the primary lessons other states should learn from California are
that competitive markets can work; competition is not to blame for
California's problems; and basic economic principles of supply, demand, and
prices affect market outcomes.
Section 2 of this paper briefly reviews the history of electricity
regulation and restructuring in California and the problems that occurred
beginning in May 2000. Section 3, the heart of this paper, offers guidance
to other states on the key ingredients of a competitive electricity
industry. This section makes several points: 
*	Maintain a favorable investment and regulatory climate for new
generation to ensure that enough generation capacity is online and planned
to meet growing loads. 
*	Ensure that enough infrastructure (transmission capacity and natural
gas pipeline capacity) is in place and planned to meet growing loads,
maintain reliability, connect new generators to the grid, support large
regional markets, and provide fuel to power plants. 
*	Encourage retail customers to participate in dynamic-pricing and
voluntary-load-reduction programs (i.e., couple retail and wholesale
markets 
*	Create honest retail competition: avoid standard-offer rates with
artificial discounts and create conditions that encourage many companies to
offer retail services without favoring individual competitors. 
*	Encourage electricity suppliers to manage and diversify their supply
and price risks. 
*	Create efficient and integrated wholesale markets for energy,
ancillary services, and transmission congestion. 
*	Monitor and minimize horizontal market power (generation) and
vertical market power (combined ownership and operation of generation and
transmission 
Ultimately, competitive markets for electricity will lower costs and
prices, better align consumer prices with producer costs, improve producer
efficiency in both investment and operation, maintain or improve
reliability, and yield greater innovation in customer services and pricing
options. 
But, this transition from one industry structure to another is
turning out to be long and complicated. It is complicated because
electricity is so important to our modern, high-tech society; electricity is
our most flexible fuel, providing light, heat, motive power, and the energy
to operate all our electronic equipment. Also, electricity truly is a
real-time product for which production and consumption must occur at the
same time. 
Although the problems that have occurred in California are
substantial and worrisome, regulators and legislators in other states should
focus on the long-term benefits of competitive electricity markets and
accept the possible short-term problems that may occur. They also need to
recognize that wholesale markets are regional in scope and extend far beyond
the boundaries of any single state. Finally, competition in retail and
wholesale markets must be coordinated; in particular, it is not possible to
have competitive wholesale markets unless at least some retail load faces
time varying prices. 
If states restructure properly to create competitive markets for
wholesale energy and retail services, we should all benefit. Consumers will
enjoy lower prices, they will have many more choices of energy services and
price-risk tradeoffs, reliability will be improved because most reliability
services will be obtained through markets instead of by engineering edict,
and the financial risks associated with building and operating power plants
will be assigned properly to investors rather than consumers. 
Eric
FYI, Kim.
FYI
While I have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity, I was surprised by the magnitude of the PG&E value above max. rates.
For the 12 months ended 9/30/01 we had net cash payments to PG&E.  (approx $18 mil revenues to Cal.  + $5.6 revenue on San Juan - $28 million in above max rate capacity release activity = ($4.4) million
Lindy,  I accidentally left you off my earlier distribution to the marketers.  FYI, Kim.
FYI
While I have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity, I was surprised by the magnitude of the PG&E value above max. rates.
For the 12 months ended 9/30/01 we had net cash payments to PG&E.  (approx $18 mil revenues to Cal.  + $5.6 revenue on San Juan - $28 million in above max rate capacity release activity = ($4.4) million
Shirley,
Let's book Tuesday, Aug. 28 
Thanks, Kim.
Hi Kim:
Vince and Krishna are both free for lunch Monday and Tuesday, August 27th & 28th or
Friday, August 31st.
Let me know which day works best for you.
,
Shirley
FYI, Kim.
Please see new Storage Points.
On October 18, 2001, the commission issued an order approving Northern's tariff filing to add eight (8) additional storage points.
New Storage Points:
=09Transok Arapaho=09POI 78286
=09ANR Greensburg=09POI 78287
=09Enogex Custer=09=09POI 78288
=09Westar Seagraves=09POI 78289
=09Valero Sprayberry=09POI 78290
=09El Paso Keystone=09POI 78291
=09Pony Express=09=09POI 78292
=09TW/NNG Gray=09=09POI 78284
FYI, Kim.
I will be out tomorrow.
The Border IT revenues for October remained at $107,000.  Not much activity the last half of the month.
Jan 
Lorraine, 
Here is a start to the Bullets.  Thank you for handling this for the team today!  I'll see you Friday afternoon.
Kim.
Audrey, Lorraine is providing bullets for the team this week.   Thanks, Kim.
Steve 
Yikes, I thought you were on eSpeak the following week.  I am in Artesia on Tuesday the 6th and won't be able to help you.  I'll be sure to submit some questions for you to answer.
Sorry, 
Kim.
Let's  remember to take time to speak with Steve on "eSpeak", Tuesday, November 6, 10:00a.  If you have questions you'd like to submit prior to the broadcast, please feel free to forward them to me or Steve.
Transwestern Pipeline Company should be an interesting topic for discussion.
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
potiential bullet material.  K.
Attached is an excel workbook detailing TW's October PNR activity. Below is a summary of the activity. 
Buyer				PO #	POI		Dekatherm 	Rate/Dth 	 Invoice Amount 
Calpine Energy Services		27507	78151	 	13,000 	 	$0.3883 	 $5,047.90 
If you have any questions, please call me.
Mark, I reviewed my files and did not find the Dandby section.  I don't believe that I looked in the asset book.  Check with Jim Curry - there did seem to be some confusion about the Asset Listing Summary vs. the Asset Listing Detail (that wasn't in the file)  - maybe it is just miss-filed in their stuff 
Kim.
I got a call from Questar's Jodi Starling this morning.  She said an original document is missig from the data room and was wondering if someone brought it home by mistake.
The missing information is the Dandby section from the Asset Binder.  It had a grey card-stock cover.  We can certainly keep a copy but they need the original back.  With all of the paper floating around the tables, it is likely to have been mixed up with some copies that were given to us.  Anyway, please check your stuff and see if this got in there.
Also, the late copies she was making for us (including the stuff from Colleen) will be mailed overnight to Kim on Friday.  We'll get the information passed out when we get it.
Thanks,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Lindy, I did not see you on this distribution list.  FYI, Kim.
PRIVILEGED & CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT COMMUNICATION
FROM GREG PORTER
We have agreed with SoCalGas and FERC's ADR group lead by Rick Miles, to meet in Chicago on December 4, 2001 to begin mediation.  In anticipation of mediation, over the next month we will be meeting to prepare our mediation presentation and discuss potential settlement scenarios and strategies. We will have a better sense after the mediation session on December 4th whether SoCalGas is serious about its desire to resolve this proceeding amicably.  SoCalGas' lawyer has represented to me that they are interested in settlement and "prepared at some level" to compromise 
Should you have any questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Cameron,
I'm glad you found the bulletin board.  The units are in MMBtu/d, the month should be specified by the column  
Thanks, 
Kim Watson
Kimberly, 
As per our conversation this afternoon, I was able to find the information on the unsubscribed capacity portion of your website but I am unsure of the units.  For instance at the Loc Name "PNM RIO PUERCO BI-DEL" there appears to 70000 available for delivery.  Is this MMBtu/d, MMBtu/month, Mcf?? Any help would be appreciated.
Thank-you, 
Cameron Gingrich, Analyst 
Ziff Energy Group 
Phone: 403.234.4296 
Fax: 403.261.4631 
FYI, Kim.
Settlement discussions have hit the wall.  Conoco, the third of the Indicated Shippers the commercial group was going to talk to, cancelled their Friday meeting stating that their regulatory folks told them they shouldn't meet with Transwestern (Re: Negotiated Rate Proceeding) unless all of the indicated shippers were present... never mind the fact that TW had already met individually with BP/Amoco and Burlington.
Exceptions to the October 24, 2001 Initial Decision are due by Thursday, November 8, 2001.  TW will need to response with in seven days.  I have asked Steve Stojic, with the assistance of Maria, to circulate the first draft 
Any questions, please let me know.  Greg
Glen,
Can you help interpret this impact of this decision on California customers for us?  Since we are looking at the Southern Trails system again, is this really good for them?  Exactly what is the rate the peaking customer would be charged?
Many thanks, Kim.
New Peaking Rate for SoCalGas Could Spur Bypass 
After various fits and starts surrounding the issue over a number of months, California regulators Thursday established an alternative demand stand-by charge, called a "peaking rate," for Southern California Gas Co., which could open up the utility to "economic bypass" by interstate pipeline projects lined up and ready to go at the border. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) rejected the utility's own proposal as "anti-competitive "This case has been very contentious," said the lead commissioner assigned to the case, Richard Bilas. "For the most part, the response to SoCal's application was negative." Noting active opposition from large end-users, merchant generators and interstate pipelines, Bilas said that it is difficult to find an ideal peaking rate for gas. CPUC President Loretta Lynch dropped an alternate proposal to support Bilas. 
Ideally, the regulators are trying to keep the utility and its captive customers whole, while not deterring the option of what they call "economic bypass," said Bilas, noting that SoCalGas' proposals did not "reflect market reality. The new rate calculation is very complex, and potential competitors have yet to comment on its impact. 
A number of proposed interstate pipelines are lined up at the border awaiting a decision which would make it economic for them to proceed into SoCalGas territory, including an expansion of Mojave to Sacramento, Questar Corp.'s proposed Southern Trails oil-to-natural gas converted pipeline from the Four Corners area to Long Beach, and Kinder Morgan and Calpine's Sonoran pipe to San Francisco.
Up to this point the utility's residual load service (RLS) charges -- which customers of other pipelines had to pay in addition to charges paid to the transporting pipelines -- made it uneconomic to sign up on other lines. Called on by the CPUC to come in with a more moderate system, SoCalGas had proposed replacing the RLS charge with a peaking charge that customers said was just as onerous. 
The CPUC made its decision on a revised peaking charge unanimously on a 4-0 vote, with one of the five-member body's commissioners absent. 
The CPUC action establishes a peaking rate for SoCalGas customers who want to take only partial service from the utility and get their baseload service from another pipeline. Customers will be required to pay a monthly demand charge, public goods charge collected on a volumetric basis (so if there is no use, there is no charge), a reservation charge with a complex formula, and an interruptible peaking rate for volumes actually received. 
Peaking customers will be subject to daily balancing and a credit for service interruptions of firm capacity, which will apply to both new and existing facilities. 
"The new rate contrasts to the rate design in place for SoCalGas' standard full-requirements firm-load customers who pay for priority on a volumetric basis," Lynch said. "We're changing the peaking rates so that customers not taking their full service from the utility will only pay for the amount of capacity they use on any given day. 
"The challenge for the CPUC in this case was to establish a peaking tariff for natural gas service that fairly compensates SoCalGas for standing ready to serve the peak needs only of some customers, while those customers go off its system for their baseload needs, but also to develop a tariff that allows SoCalGas to be able to compete with some of the energy company pipelines that plan to enter into SoCal's service territory. 
"We're trying to encourage and promote additional natural gas resources without encouraging cherry picking or overbuilding for which core customers would end up paying for," Lynch added. 
FYI, Kim.
thanks so much.  Maria
Lee Huber has located copies of the Bloomfield O&M & Compression Services Agreements and a copy of the Bisti O&M Agreement.  She is giving these copies to Bill Brown.
I have provided to TW's Gas Logistics Group copies of the following facility related agreements:
La Plata Facilities Ownership & Operating Agreement between TWPL & Northwest Pipeline dated November 3, 1995.
WT-1 Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Southwestern Public Service:
Electric Service Agreement dated March 8, 1996
Amendment effective June 1, 2000
Agreement dated October 27, 1999
Bisti Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services:
Compression Services Agreement dated March 31, 1999
Amendment effective June 18, 1999
Letter Agreement dated June 18, 1999	
Letter Agreement dated June 30, 1999
Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated September 9, 1996 (I don't have a copy of this.  I just have a copy of the Amendment.)
Amendment dated June 18, 1999
Gallup Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services:
Compression Services Agreement dated October 18, 1999
Gas Conversion Agreement October 18, 1999
Letter Agreement dated February 23, 2000
Amendment dated March 24, 2000
Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated October 18, 1999
Operational Control Agreement dated February 11, 2000
Gas Logistics (Christine McEvoy) already had copies of the Blanco Hub Agreements.
I don't have copies of the March 31, 1999 Bloomfield Compression Services Agreement or the September 9, 1996 Bloomfield Operations & Maintenance Agreement  (referenced in the Bisti Agreements).  James, do you have copies?  Who else would have a copies 
Lindy pls. identify what you send, i.e. the name of the agreement, date and party who its with,  with a copy to Bill E. Brown on 47.  thank you.  Maria
Lindy Donoho is providing copies of the joint operating agreements for the La Plata facilities and the Blanco Hub. She is also providing copies of the contracts for the electric compression at Bisti, Bloomfield, WT1 and Gallup.  She is sending the copies to Christine McElr
FYI, Lee accepted our invitation to the Nutcracker for Wed. evening 
Kim.
Dear Hattie and Jim,
Thank you so much for hosting our dinner group Saturday night.  Your home is just lovely and we particularly enjoyed the beautiful china!  It is so nice to share stimulating conversation and great food with wonderful friends.  Thank you again for your hospitality! See you next week.
Kim and John 
Driving Instructions to the McKinley's
2001Barrington Pointe Drive
League City, TX 77573
281 334 3526
a   Take I-45 South to FM 518.  That is the League City/Kemah exit.
a   Go east - under the freeway.
a   Follow 518 E.  Cross Hwy. 3.  Continue on 518 - move to the right lane.
a   The next major intersection is Egret Bay/270 (the name changes as you 
cross 518).
a   This is a complex intersection with two lights in close succession.  Go 
through the first light, then bear right at the second light, i. e. follow 
518.  Note: 518 is also called Deke Slayton Blvd.  Move to the left lane. 
a   Continue on 518 to the next major intersection.  This is South Shore Blvd.
a   Cross South Shore Blvd.  Note the Fire Station on the right.
a   Turn left at the next street - immediately past the fire station.  This 
is Amber Shores Drive.
a   Follow Amber Shores to the end and turn left on to Barrington Pointe 
Drive.
a   Barrington Pointe curves gently to the right.  Follow it until you must 
turn right on to Sterling Point.  We are at the corner on the left - 2001 
Barrington Pointe.  Park in our driveway or anywhere along the street.
Lindy, would you like for me to send Michelle to this meeting?  Should you both go?  Let me know what your preference is 
Thanks, Kim.
Thanks for everyone's help on this and I apologize for being so late in answering back . We've been on team reviews for the last couple of weeks, doing reviews during the day and traveling to next location. I agree that we should approach them from the Special Service side. At this time we have our yearly meeting set up for Nov. 12th but this could change. Todd Stubbs is ready but Bob Checketts is having problems scheduling this week. He's tied up on a security task force for their company. Todd should let me know this week if we're still on for the 12th.  Lindy do you or someone else plan to attend the meeting? If not I'll plan to visit with Todd and see how he reacts to the facility upgrade if that's OK with everyone. I'm still not sure if we plan to do this next year but will find out this week and let you know.
Normally we have our meeting by September 1st but NW was setting it up this year and November was targeted for a meeting. I'll give you a call on Monday and we can discuss. Do you think we need a conference call to discuss?
Thanks
RJ
I agree with using your Special Services assessment. It's not an expansion as there is no increase in certificated capacity. So nothing ventured, nothing gained.
I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O&O Agreement.  Lee, could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment?  It appears to me that the pigging facilties could qualify as either of the following:
Special Services.  This would be subject to prior written consent and agreement between the Operator (TW) and the Operating Committee (TW & NWPLRepresentatives).  If NWPL agreed, their share of the cost would be in proportion to their ownership interest.  If we did obtain their approval, future O&M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners.  (We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3.5% escalator starting in 2001 
Addition or Expansion.  Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity. We have to give notice to NWPL and they have 60 days to participate.  If they participate, they share in the cost at their ownership interest, but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest.  If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days, we can proceed with the Expansion (without any approval, but also no cost sharing).  Also, any incremental O&M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion.
I think if we went the Special Services route, we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels.  I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost.  (They probably don't have $260,000 ($1.5MM * .174) sitting around in a budget somewhere that they'd like to fork over for these facilities.)  Rich, what do you think?  How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities?
Recommendation:  To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion, I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval (& to pass along their share of the cost), but to be prepared to eat 100% of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities.  In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O&M attributable to these facilities.
FYI, their ownership interest is still officially 22.3% since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times, first by me and twice by Lynn Blair.  If	they execute the Amendment that incorporates the 4/1/98 expansion of the facilities, their ownership interest will be 17.4%.
FYI, Kim.
How does this look?
Steve, 
Was Lorraine able to get you an answer before she left?  I know she had a few calls into Nevada Power.  Let me know if you need me to do anything on this in her absence 
Kim.
Can you please find out who the person(s) in charge of fuel procurement for Nevada Power currently is? Name, phone number and title would help (either someone at the director or VP level). Thanks 
The last time I spoke with anyone at NP was about 2 yrs. ago.  John Olenick was against any more FT because of the impending dereg.  To my knowledge, no one at Las Vegas Cogen has been approached directly.
Who at Nevada Power are we talking to about capacity? Las Vegas Cogen?
Steve - In response to your previous questions regarding customers behind SWG.  SWG's largest customers are power plants.
Nevada Power (still owns generation)
El Dorado (Reliant and Sempra)
Nevada Cogen Assoc. (NCA1 & 2) (partially owned by Texaco)
Saguro Power Plant (NRG partially owns)
Las Vegas Cogen (Enron involved?)
Parties who are either planning to build new power plants or are already building power plants in the Southern Nevada area include
Mirant
Reliant
Calpine
PG&E
APS/Pinnacle West was among the buyers of one of Nevada Power's plants before dereg in NV was postponed.
Please let me know if you need other info.
Lorraine 
Kevin,
What was the offer price from KMI on the Sonoran Pipeline Project?
Kim.
I will be travelling on 11/12 so here's the update:
Sonoran Pipeline -  Received offer price from Kinder Morgan to purchase capacity on their project.
Marketing -
Panda Energy - Presented capacity offer to Panda on 11/6.  They liked the swing capability, but fuel is an issue.  They will present the offer to their partner 	TECO.  We expect their counter offer by week end 11/16.
AZ Public Service -  Scheduled next meeting for 11/16 in Phoenix.  Working on finishing Pre-pay and SFV rate designs.
El Paso / FERC  - No word yet on direction of Full Requirements settlement.
Copper Eagle Gas Storage - No word yet on our submitted bid.
Leave me a voicemail if you have questions.
thanks
Thank you for the notice.  I would appreciate it if you could mail my prize to my office location in the Enron Building.  I am located in ECN1346.  Thank you very much, I appreciate the effort you guys took to set up this important website. 
Kim.
Congratulations to each of you and thanks for subscribing to the Pipeline Safety website!  We hope to mail the portable cd players to each of you sometime next week.  I need each of you to reply to this message and send me the address where you would like the prize mailed to.  For offsite locations, we will probably be using UPS so please send a physical address rather than a P.O. Box number.  If you are in Houston and would like to just pick yours up at 3AC3185 (Kathy Willard's location), let me know so I can notify you by email.
Thanks,
Jami Horton
713-646-7386
Congratulations to the ten lucky winners in the Pipeline Safety website subscription drawing:
Todd M. Ingalls  (Albuquerque, NM)
Kevin J. Graves  (Waterloo, IA)
Kay Woods  (Kermit, TX)
Rodrick R. McGillivray  (Brookings, SD)
Kimberly Watson  (Houston, TX)
Craig Mack  (Port Barre, LA)
Jon C. Wernette  (Bushton, KS)
Gloria Wier  (Roswell, NM)
Dick Heitman  (Houston, TX)
Judy Northcutt  (Houston, TX)
Each winner will receive a portable CD player, courtesy of the Pipeline Safety Department.  You will be contacted to get mailing address information.
Thanks to everyone who subscribed to receive updates on the Pipeline Safety website.  A total of 179 participants were included in the drawing, which was held Thursday, November 1, 2001.  If you have not yet subscribed, please do so by going to the Pipeline Safety site at <  and click on the link in the blue box.  You will receive email updates when any new or revised material has been posted to our site.
Once again, congratulations to the winners, and we hope you will visit the Pipeline Safety website often!
Thanks, I will look forward to this!  Kim.
Kim -- I put your name down for a new Click at Home pilot.  This should give you access into the Enron network via your Click at home desktop  
Thanks.  Jean
Paul, 
I'm am sorry that I will not be able to meet you for lunch today.  I have been on the road travelling for the past two weeks and have over 250 emails to catch up on.  I do look forward to catching up with you guys on Sunday.  Good luck at the dentist.
Thanks, Kim.
I've got a dentist appointment at 11:00 on Friday.  Same place on Shepherd I
have been going.
Are either one of you available for lunch after that?
Paul Donnelly
Quality Manager, HTC
713-625-6679 phone
PS:  Power is doing fine with his cast.  Penny, if you haven't heard, he
broke his arm last week in a bike wreck.
Audrey, here they are.  Thanks, Kim.
Here it is.  Kim.
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 945 MMBtu/d (87%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 865 MMBtu/d.  Total East deliveries averaged 525 MMBtu/d 
El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1782 MMBtu/d (66 - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 667 MMBtu/d (59%)
- SoCalEhr, capacity 1042 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 707 MMBtu/d (68%)
- SoCalTop, capacity 512 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 408 MMBtu/d (80%)
Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:
SoCal gas, large pkgs	  3.03 (+.69)
PG&E, large pkgs	  3.02 (+.67)
TW San Juan		  n/a 	TW Permian		  2.86 (+.695)
Enron Online bases:
Nov-Mar		Apr-Oct
Perm-CA	.17 (+.02)	    	.26 (+.03)
SJ - CA	.27 (+.03)  	       	.44 (+.03)
SJ-Waha	.14 (+.02)	       	.22 (even)	
Perm-Waha	.04 (+.01)                 	.04 (even)	
I will be there on Monday, 10:30.  Thanks, Kim.
Although I've been out of the office a lot, I've been here for time report purposes. 
Thanks, Kim. 
Please submit 
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Are you logged in?  I've lost you in my MSN messenger list.  I'm not sure what happened.  Are you there?  K.
I will be there on Monday at 10:30.  Thanks, Kim.
Toby,
Please post these ROFR's on the EBB.  Please call if you have any questions.
Thanks, 
Kim.
Audrey,
Here they are 
Thanks, Kim.
Can you forward to Paul 
Ticket 32879 assigned to Robert Barker to install these
Karon -- what is the status of Paul's flat panels?
I know but... this name is not simple to spell or remember.   His name is Paul Y'Barbo  
Jean,
It will be very beneficial if you could come up with the names.
Thanks,
Larry
Paul... something.  I'll try and get his last name.
Jean,
What are the names for the new persons? It makes it easier to know up front so we can have the tech dispatch the equipment.
Larry
Karon - please order another card and 2 flat panels for the new person in Kim Watson's group.   Thanks.  Jean
Jean
This will probably be under $500. Can you add this to another order?
Larry
Karon -- How about you order a 2 extra of the standard dual video cards and charge to 179002.go.mkgt code... that way I'll always have some ready since they are so hard to get in a timely manner  
Larry/Scott -- any objections?
I am indeed logged into MSN.  I wonder if ENE zapped MSN for outside people.  I'll look into it. K.
I'm here...you're not showing as "on line 
Are you logged in?  I've lost you in my MSN messenger list.  I'm not
sure what happened.  Are you there?  K.
TK,
Let's visit on what this may mean for TW opportunities for Dec. business.
Thanks, Kim.
In its preliminary notice of November maintenance, El Paso had scheduled Lines 1300 and 1301 on the San Juan Crossover for total shutdown Nov. 29-30. It said Wednesday the shutdown has been delayed to coincide with the Dec. 1-2 weekend, when all 650 MMcf/d of the crossover's capacity will be cut to zero. Portions of Line 1300 will be shutting down Dec. 11-12 and Dec. 18-19; capacity cuts then will be 60 MMcf/d. 
Lindy,
FYI.  Kim.
No magic to the 9%.  We could use any reasonable rate as long as we are conceptually consistent in future situations.  I.e.,  we could use the FERC interest rate here if we were willing to always use it in contract termination situations.  Or, if we use a rate here that is X basis points over some generally accepted benchmark (FERC interest rate? prime?  LIBOR?) we'd have a tough time justifying use of a significantly different mechanism (even though the actual rate in the subsequent deal might be a lot different due to interest rate movement).  df=20
We should give Maverix the option of paying the discounted sum up front or doing a keep whole payment each month of the transaction.    I like the 9% discount rate for Maverix but would not be happy with such from an outsider.    Is there a basis in the 9% rate?
Further to our discussions yesterday, attached is a draft letter agreement under which Transwestern would agree to terminate the Mavrix transportation contracts.  Note that Mavrix is required to indemnify TW for any revenue shortfall if the turned back capacity is not purchased by another customer at the same or better rate within 60 days.  I believe this approach allows TW to accomodate Mavrix's request to terminate without TW taking any financial risk or exposing itself to requests from other shippers that TW release them from their contract obligations without penalty. =20
Upon execution of the letter agreement, the capacity will be posted on the TW bulletin board as generally available capacity.  There is some chance that a customer interested in the capacity will want to know where it came from.  I would suggest that the appropriate and accurate explanation is that  "capacity becomes available from time to time for a variety of reasons including contract expirations or terminations, waivers or expirations of ROFR rights, and contract MDQ stepdowns.  Such capacity is posted on the EBB as soon as Transwestern becomes aware of its availabity."  If the questioning customer wants to know who's space it was, I believe it is our consistent policy to not disclose any information about any shipper's contract to any other shipper and that policy should be followed here as well.  Of course, if the Commission's Market Monitoring group or other FERC personnel call, the confidentiality problem does not arise and the shipper's identity should be disclosed.  The explanation in that circumstance, if the caller wants more detail, is that "Mavrix is an Enron affiliate that was in the business of trading interstate pipeline capacity but is winding down its business and terminating its contracts.  Transwestern has agreed to contract termination subject to an indemnity or "keep whole" mechanism."=20
I'm including the legal team on this distribution as an FYI.  I will follow up on this later today.  DF=20
Sorry, not yet.  Thanks for checking on me.  Kim.
Hi Kim,
Did that procedure work for you?
-Ed
I'm sorry, I havn't loaded this yet.  Have no fear, I will call you.  Many thanks for your persistance!  Kim.
Hi Kim,
Did those instructions help you get your Business Objects file locations configured Ok?
Thanks,
-Ed
Hi Ed,
Gosh, I am so sorry we have not connected yet.  I have been on a fast run.  How early in the morning do you come in?  Do I need to be at my desk?  How late in the evening are you in? 
I will make time for you.  Thanks for your persistence.
Kim.
Hi Kim,
I'd like to schedule 10 mintues of your time so we can adjust your Business Objects file locations to the new ETS Marketing standard configuration.  When's a good time for you?  I'm available except between 14:00 and 16:00 on Tuesday.  I'd like to help you complete this configuration as soon as possible.
Thanks,
-Ed
FYI, Kim.
fyi
Upon receipt of a notice to exercise ROFR, you must determine the criteria of when the notice is required,  In the example provided I'm told it required a one year notice therefore if the contract terminated 10/31/02, notice was due 10/31/01.  Therefore 10 days after 10/31/01 the capacity must be posted for bidding.  In the interim, since it has not yet been posted a transaction could be negotiated and the shipper would then be required to provide notice of resinding the original election to participate in the Rofr process.  If this isn't clear, please call    MK
I'm trying to take next week off.  Not sure I can swing Friday yet.  I might be able to leave early.  I am definitely game for attending.  Does it start on Friday and go through Sunday?  ILY, K.
...in fact, would you consider taking this Friday off from work?  I just
talked to Bob Corrigan and scheduled to meet him for lunch and we could both
see him......and we could catch the CFA show, too 
JW
If I can't swing Friday, how about planning on being there at 9:00am?
From www.cfainc.org:
CFA International Cat Show. George R. Brown Convention Center, 1001 Avenue
of the Americas. Adults: $7.00; Seniors & Children 6-12: $5.00; Children
under 6: Free. Show Hours: Fri., Sat. & Sun. 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
I'm trying to take next week off.  Not sure I can swing Friday yet.  I
might be able to leave early.  I am definitely game for attending.  Does
it start on Friday and go through Sunday?  ILY, K.
...in fact, would you consider taking this Friday off from work?  I just
talked to Bob Corrigan and scheduled to meet him for lunch and we could
both
see him......and we could catch the CFA show, too 
JW
Opps, I have my gyn appt on Wed at 2:40 and 3:30.  Can we meet with him on Tues?
I have us scheduled with Bill Wood on Wednesday the 21st at 4 p.m.  Now I
have to figure out how I'm going to schedule that day off.
ILY,
JW
Dennis,
Thank you for your kind note.  It is amazing how our pets become so much a part of our lives.  John has talked me into going to the cat show which happens to be in town this weekend.  Of course, we will pay special attention to the Turkish Angora breed.  Thanks for your thoughts 
K. 
...to hear about Herschel.
You were really lucky to have such a fine lad in your lives for so many 
years, but I know that doesn't help a bit right now, and I know nothing I 
write will help a bit either.  He was a very, very cool cat [and he knew it, 
too].  The "penthouse" fit him to a "T".
Just know that I am feeling for you both.  We lost Coco about this time last 
November and I still miss him every day.
Take care.
Thanx,
Dennis
_________________________________________________________________
I've got it booked.  HAGD, BCDTA, ILY, K.
I'm sure we can.  He's just not in on Monday.  I've moved it to Tuesday at 4
p.m.
Opps, I have my gyn appt on Wed at 2:40 and 3:30.  Can we meet with him
on Tues?
I have us scheduled with Bill Wood on Wednesday the 21st at 4 p.m.  Now
I
have to figure out how I'm going to schedule that day off.
ILY,
JW
TK,
What are your thoughts on resolving this?  Would it help for you to talk to Pauline?  How can we assist Darrell in this?
Thanks, Kim.
FYI
As of 11/11/01 SoCal's oba is a receivable of 358,416 mmbtus.  I know that we do not control the Needles point; however 
SoCal's oba remains volumetric and a drop in index prices would cause a large dollar hit.
FYI, for the Brian meeting tomorrow.  K.
I appologize, but I forgot one of the attachments.
,
Brian
To all:
The attached memo summarizes our discussions regarding Waha and proposes a way forward with respect to either the NNG or T'w options..  I will arrange a meeting to discuss your comments after you have had a chance to review.
Thanks,
Brian
Please keep me posted.  I am off next week, but I would like to book lunch with you in the next couple of weeks just to catch up.  Twenty-six floors is too far away from you guys.  What does your calendar look like.  Throw me a couple of dates that may work for you.
Thanks,
K.=20
Michelle
=09How about a meeting?  I'm not sure how long I've known you but I know I've liked you since the first day.  You're a smart, capable Account Manager but we seem to be developing friction.  I know we both want the same thing; deals to go out as quickly and smoothly as possible... so where's our problem? It seems from my side (which could very well be WRONG) that we're constantly going over procedures, how the process works and what information I need... stuff everyone should know.  Maybe I'm wrong but it's very frustrating.  Maybe it's because NNG's system is automated and it's just harder to do TW deals.  Maybe it's because procedures weren't followed after Christine left and we've had to do lots of work to try and catch back up.  The Deal Capture team was also suppose to get a 3rd team member so it's VERY difficult to process all the NNG deals and TW deals at the end of each month... I think we did 75 deals in the last 4 days of October.  Let me know if you're available to talk this week... afternoons are best for me.
Craig
Lindy,
Just in case you could not see the Word.doc.  K.
Further to our discussions yesterday, attached is a draft letter agreement under which Transwestern would agree to terminate the Mavrix transportation contracts.  Note that Mavrix is required to indemnify TW for any revenue shortfall if the turned back capacity is not purchased by another customer at the same or better rate within 60 days.  I believe this approach allows TW to accomodate Mavrix's request to terminate without TW taking any financial risk or exposing itself to requests from other shippers that TW release them from their contract obligations without penalty. =20
Upon execution of the letter agreement, the capacity will be posted on the TW bulletin board as generally available capacity.  There is some chance that a customer interested in the capacity will want to know where it came from.  I would suggest that the appropriate and accurate explanation is that  "capacity becomes available from time to time for a variety of reasons including contract expirations or terminations, waivers or expirations of ROFR rights, and contract MDQ stepdowns.  Such capacity is posted on the EBB as soon as Transwestern becomes aware of its availabity."  If the questioning customer wants to know who's space it was, I believe it is our consistent policy to not disclose any information about any shipper's contract to any other shipper and that policy should be followed here as well.  Of course, if the Commission's Market Monitoring group or other FERC personnel call, the confidentiality problem does not arise and the shipper's identity should be disclosed.  The explanation in that circumstance, if the caller wants more detail, is that "Mavrix is an Enron affiliate that was in the business of trading interstate pipeline capacity but is winding down its business and terminating its contracts.  Transwestern has agreed to contract termination subject to an indemnity or "keep whole" mechanism."=20
I'm including the legal team on this distribution as an FYI.  I will follow up on this later today.  DF=20
I will be there.  Thanks, Kim.
Please remember to place on your calendars for tomorrow.  Lunch for Jan 
adr
Audrey D. Robertson
Transwestern Pipeline Company 
email address:  audrey.robertson@
(713) 853-5849
(713) 646-2551 Fax
Please plan on attending Jan Moore's 20th Anniversary Luncheon at:
Ruggles Bistro Latino
711 Main Street
713-227-9141
Wednesday, November 14, 2001
11:45 AM
Please let me know if you are not going to be able to make it by the end of Tuesday.
Thank You,
Kathy Campos
ETS Finance
EB4055
713-853-6833
FYI, Kim.
A meeting has been scheduled for 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday, November 14 in ECN 1336. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss ENA's desire to create a WAHA Header using facilities owned by Northern and/or Transwestern. We will tie Jo in via conference call. See you tomorrow.
Thanks,
Steve
Jerry,
FYI, Jan and I may be late for this meeting since we are taking her to lunch to celebrate her 20 years of service.  If we miss this meeting, may we touch base with you by phone to get any pertinent info on TW.  Also, we want a recap on any stories or jokes that you tell 
Many thanks,=20
Kim.
FYI,
The next Outage Coordination Commercial Review meeting is 11/14/01.  The purpose for the meeting is to discuss outages that have a flow impact for the month of December. I will send out an outage report later today for your review.  If you have any questions, please give me a call. =20
Jerry Graves=20
713-345-8923
When: November 14
Time: 1:00 to 2:00
Where: Houston 49C2
Omaha  VCR - 7th floor
Field - Conference # 877-795-3687 =20
Code # 755555
It is that time of year.... Please complete your list of accomplishments by the end of November 
Also, please complete your 2002 Objectives by December 14.  Your objectives will need to outline your specific marketing plan for each customer, project and idea you may have for adding/increasing value to Transwestern in 2002.  As discussed earlier, we will get together in mid-December to review account loads to see if we need to do any shifting.  Your 2002 Objectives will be helpful in determining whether your load is heavy, light or just right 
I will be happy to visit with each of you individually if you have any questions or would like to discuss these items 
Thanks,
Kim.
Mark,
This looks fine 
Kim.
Rob Cooper (of US Gypsum) asked me to send him an email concerning our decision to not to force USG to provide the remaining 8 months of LOC and also asked me to verify a couple of other points.  Below is my reply.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Paul, please provide the dollar amount needed in the blank below.
______________________________________________________________--
Rob,
After reviewing the current status of United States Gypsum Company and Transwestern's status as a creditor of Administrative Claims, we will not proceed in seeking the additional $___________ letter of credit (worth approximately 8 months of reservation charges).  The current letter of credit valued at $__________ is sufficient.
Also, our timing for the completion of the Red Rock Expansion that will make this capacity available is still on schedule for June 1, 2002.  In our latest discussions with SOCAL, they have indicated that their expansion of the SOCAL Needles delivery point will be completed by that time.  It would probably be best for you to discuss this with them yourself to verify its availability completely and thoroughly.
Please call me if you have any additional questions.
,
Mark
Mark McConnell
Transwestern Pipeline Company
713-345-7896   office
713-822-4862   cell
713-646-2551   fax
mark.mcconnell@
Paula, 
I can make myself available this evening or tomorrow evening to discuss this and other topics as your calendar permits.  I actually think that we should not be pressured by anyone to fill this position in the next few days.  If Jim would like to resign effective the end of the month (or some other date), I think that would be fine.  It is completely reasonable that the board take some amount of time, whatever is necessary, to select the right candidate.  Let me know when you would like to rally.
Thanks, Kim.
P.S.  Paula, congratulations on the new grandbaby!  I hope mom, dad and precious little one are doing well 
Don had the highest vote (4th place.)
The board does not have to pick Don. As you recall, the board elected Kim to 
replace Muffin, and Kim had not even run for the board. 
Lew told me this morning that Jim is waiting to know who his replacement is 
before he resigns.
What time are we meeting? Where? Who?
Houshyar
I will be on vacation this day, however, I am planning on coming in for the board meeting in the evening 
Thanks, Kim.
The Quarterly Strategic Planning Committee meeting for Enron Federal Credit Union will be held on Monday, November 19, 2001 at 11:30 a.m till 1:00 p.m. Conference Room EB/ECN 15c1, 1400 Smith Street, has been reserved for your use.  Lunch will be provided.
We would appreciate your support in making our meeting efficient and productive.
Please RSVP to Jennifer Jordan by, returning an email or by phone.
Thank you,
Jennifer Jordan
(713) 853-7554
Jan, FYI, Kim.
Oh yeah!
Doing everything I can to get a bit of a boost this month!
On November 8th, Calpine parked 22,500 at Southpoint and scheduled the gas off TW on November 13th. The posted rate for Southpoint for that time period was the max rate of $0.3883/Dth 
Buyer			PO #	POI	 Dekatherm 	 Rate/Dth 	  Invoice Amount to Date 
Calpine Energy 		27507	78151	 22,500 	 	$0.3883 		 $43,683.75
If you have any questions, please call me.
Hi Phyllis!
I am so excited to get to see you this weekend!  I sure hope all is well with you.  It looks like you and I have been assigned the dinner for Saturday evening.  I am open to ideas for recipes!  Let me know when would be a good time to visit on our assignment.  I will make time for you anytime 
Thanks, Kim 
phone:  	work 713 853 3098
home 713 791 9201
FOOD ASSIGNMENTS:
Saturday Breakfast	- 	Sam, Paula
Saturday Dinner		- 	Kim, Phyllis
Snacks			-	Judy, Lee
Sunday Breakfast		-	Lisa, Cynthia
Paper Products		-	Amy 
DIRECTIONS FROM LISA:
Hello Everyone-  Here are detailed directions to the beach cabin for the
Nov. 30  girl's weekend.
Directions to the Polk Beach Cabin:
Go south on IH-45.
Take the Harborside Dr. exit when you get to Galveston and turn left
under the highway (this is the first exit after crossing the causeway,
so be watching for it).
Travel approx. 6 miles on Harborside Dr. to Ferry Rd.
Turn left on Ferry Rd., go to the end, and catch the ferry to Bolivar (
this is a free drive-on ferry operated by the Texas Hwy Dept 
After exiting the ferry you will be on Bolivar Peninsula Hwy 87.  Travel
approximately 11.5 miles to the Emerald II edition (the Crystal Beach
water tower is a good land mark when you are getting close and the
Emerald II edition is the first road after the post office).
Turn right into Emerald II (there is a small green sign).  After
entering, turn left on Flamingo, and follow the curve around to
Eastview.  The cabin is on the right about half way down and is located
on the corner of Eastview and Crestview.  The address is 919 Eastview
and "J.S. Polk" is written on the side.
The telephone # is 409-684-0195.
I'm looking forward to seeing everyone!!
--lsp 
Mary Kay,
What is the usual process on something like this?  Do we get a chance to respond to the protest before the FERC makes a decision on whether to hold a Tech Conf?  What is the timeline for any other protests to come in?  What is the timeline for FERC to decide 
Thanks, Kim.
For your info, we have received a protest and or reguest for Tech Conference or hearing from the CPUC regarding the USGT transaction starting Nov 1, 2001.  they raise the market power issue, the pricing, the volume, the policy of market based rates.  We expect a similar protest from IS, and also the issue regarding the alternate point use.  The volume on this transaction is for 400,000 per day with the negotiated rate provision only relating to the alternate path to Calif.   More to come 
Drew,
If TW cannot sell all of the Mavrix capacity within 60 days, then will TW then take the financial risk after this time and not hold Mavrix responsible for the difference? This may be OK as we may wish to re-sell the capacity in different packages of time.   KW.
Further to our discussions yesterday, attached is a draft letter agreement under which Transwestern would agree to terminate the Mavrix transportation contracts.  Note that Mavrix is required to indemnify TW for any revenue shortfall if the turned back capacity is not purchased by another customer at the same or better rate within 60 days.  I believe this approach allows TW to accomodate Mavrix's request to terminate without TW taking any financial risk or exposing itself to requests from other shippers that TW release them from their contract obligations without penalty. =20
Upon execution of the letter agreement, the capacity will be posted on the TW bulletin board as generally available capacity.  There is some chance that a customer interested in the capacity will want to know where it came from.  I would suggest that the appropriate and accurate explanation is that  "capacity becomes available from time to time for a variety of reasons including contract expirations or terminations, waivers or expirations of ROFR rights, and contract MDQ stepdowns.  Such capacity is posted on the EBB as soon as Transwestern becomes aware of its availabity."  If the questioning customer wants to know who's space it was, I believe it is our consistent policy to not disclose any information about any shipper's contract to any other shipper and that policy should be followed here as well.  Of course, if the Commission's Market Monitoring group or other FERC personnel call, the confidentiality problem does not arise and the shipper's identity should be disclosed.  The explanation in that circumstance, if the caller wants more detail, is that "Mavrix is an Enron affiliate that was in the business of trading interstate pipeline capacity but is winding down its business and terminating its contracts.  Transwestern has agreed to contract termination subject to an indemnity or "keep whole" mechanism."=20
I'm including the legal team on this distribution as an FYI.  I will follow up on this later today.  DF=20
Sorry, I had a typo in your address below. Here is the message.  K.
Hi Phyllis!
I am so excited to get to see you this weekend!  I sure hope all is well with you.  It looks like you and I have been assigned the dinner for Saturday evening.  I am open to ideas for recipes!  Let me know when would be a good time to visit on our assignment.  I will make time for you anytime 
Thanks, Kim 
phone:  	work 713 853 3098
home 713 791 9201
FOOD ASSIGNMENTS:
Saturday Breakfast	- 	Sam, Paula
Saturday Dinner		- 	Kim, Phyllis
Snacks			-	Judy, Lee
Sunday Breakfast		-	Lisa, Cynthia
Paper Products		-	Amy 
DIRECTIONS FROM LISA:
Hello Everyone-  Here are detailed directions to the beach cabin for the
Nov. 30  girl's weekend.
Directions to the Polk Beach Cabin:
Go south on IH-45.
Take the Harborside Dr. exit when you get to Galveston and turn left
under the highway (this is the first exit after crossing the causeway,
so be watching for it).
Travel approx. 6 miles on Harborside Dr. to Ferry Rd.
Turn left on Ferry Rd., go to the end, and catch the ferry to Bolivar (
this is a free drive-on ferry operated by the Texas Hwy Dept 
After exiting the ferry you will be on Bolivar Peninsula Hwy 87.  Travel
approximately 11.5 miles to the Emerald II edition (the Crystal Beach
water tower is a good land mark when you are getting close and the
Emerald II edition is the first road after the post office).
Turn right into Emerald II (there is a small green sign).  After
entering, turn left on Flamingo, and follow the curve around to
Eastview.  The cabin is on the right about half way down and is located
on the corner of Eastview and Crestview.  The address is 919 Eastview
and "J.S. Polk" is written on the side.
The telephone # is 409-684-0195.
I'm looking forward to seeing everyone!!
--lsp 
Jerry,=20
Was there anything for TW that came out of this meeting that we need to be aware of?
Thanks, Kim.
FYI,
The next Outage Coordination Commercial Review meeting is 11/14/01.  The purpose for the meeting is to discuss outages that have a flow impact for the month of December. Please review the attached outage report. If you have any questions, please give me a call. =20
Jerry Graves=20
713-345-8923
When: November 14
Time: 1:00 to 2:00
Where: Houston 49C2
Omaha  VCR - 7th floor
Field - Conference # 877-795-3687 =20
Code # 755555
NORTHERN BORDER PIPELINE=09
=09 =09 =09 =09 =09
=09Location=09Date=09Scope=09Comments=09
NB=09CS11=0912/03/01 to 12/03/01=09 Scope/Wash, MP2, and Cooler mods.(10 hrs)=09Potential impact is low.=09
NB=09CS07=0912/13/01 to 12/13/01=09 Maintenance/Wash, MP2, and Cooler mods.          (10 hrs)=09Potential impact is low.=09
NB=09CS03=0912/11/01 to 12/11/01=09 Wash, MP2, (10 hrs)=09Potential impact is low.=09
I can be available at 6:30 also.  John is on his way back from Austin and I'm not sure of his timing, but I am certainly game.  Let me know where and when you would like for me to meet you. 
Thanks, Kim.
Hi,
The new grandbaby Samantha, her mother and father are doing fine. She is on her way home this afternoon if the pediatrician believes that she is ready to be released.
Regarding Jim's resignation, I agree that we should not be pressured into putting anyone on the board that will not assist us in moving forward and handling the complex issues that the board faces this year. Jim indicated that he would wait to resign for as long as he could or until we find a replacement. We can discuss this further tonight. I'm available anytime after 6:30 pm. We could either get together or all go out to dinner at Hungrey's or where ever if that works. Since the candidates to replace Jew Don Bony are coming to the Spires tomorrow night, I would like to attend that meeting if everyone is agreeable.
Let me know what works for this evening with everyone.
Paula
"Watson, Kimberly" wrote:
 Paula,
 I can make myself available this evening or tomorrow evening to discuss
 this and other topics as your calendar permits.  I actually think that
 we should not be pressured by anyone to fill this position in the next
 few days.  If Jim would like to resign effective the end of the month
 (or some other date), I think that would be fine.  It is completely
 reasonable that the board take some amount of time, whatever is
 necessary, to select the right candidate.  Let me know when you would
 like to rally.