Shijie Deng 
Mark,
Steve's comment has many merits. I think Stinson Gibner and Grant Masson 
(physics Ph.D.'s) can help to identify
academic and industry sources to validate some of the claims.
On the other hand, even if our guests were wrong by a factor of 2 or 3 in 
their time estimates, the technology
they develop will bring about a technological revolution with enormous 
potential payoffs. It make sense to 
stay close to them and  to explore potential investment opportunities.
Vince
Steven J Kean@EES
07/26/2000 05:11 PM
I think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2-3 
years from commercial production.  Ideally, we could get that confirmation 
from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest 
in its success.  Their technology pitch sounded good, but I don't know enough 
to recognize the potential shortcomings.  I want to feel comfortable that you 
all feel this is real, then I would be happy to have me and my team spend 
some time with them.
Thank you for participating in yesterday's meeting.  We spoke with Harvey and 
Jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart There is an opportunity for Enron to participate with MEC in the early 
development of their company, but it seems the one thing they want is the one 
thing we also want, people.  I would appreciate your thoughts and comments on 
the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with MEC as 
part of a potential investment and strategic relationship.  Given our 
resource constraints, this would most likely be part of the organization that 
sees the greatest strategic impact from MEC's development.
Mark
x37408
Mike,
Please, draft a message to JS, DD and JL outlining the AGA
benefits and costs. This will be their decision.
Vince
Vince 
This project is getting lost in the cracks
Should we meet with Dave Delainy to get it off high center??
- - - Mike
Elizabeth Linnell@EES
07/27/2000 08:41 AM
Please see the string of messages below.
Carolyn Cooney@
07/27/2000 08:35 AM
I actually called Stan Horton's office yesterday to find out if they knew 
anything about the AGA membership, and Cindy Stark who works with Stan 
informed me that Stan cancelled our associate membership with AGA effective 
January, 2000.  I called Jay Copan with AGA back and left him a voicemail 
with the information.  I asked him to call me if he had any questions and I 
have not heard back from him.  I'll considered it closed unless I hear back 
from him.
this is a Joe Hillings issue.
Carolyn Cooney
07/25/2000 11:01 AM
I believe that Stan Horton's office handled the dues for AGA.
Jay Copan with American Gas Assn. called.  Julie Caboose suggested that he 
talk with you about Enron's AGA dues.  (He spoke to Rick Shapiro who said 
that he has no knowledge of the dues situation).  Please call at 202-824-7020.
Amy,
My bio.
Vince
Vince: bios from MIT participants did arrive --- see below. Amy 
Donald R.Lessard
Deputy Dean; Epoch Foundation Professor of International Management
Office E52-474 
Tel 617-253-6688 
Lessard's current research is focused on the shaping and managing of risks in 
large engineering projects, the globalization of financial services, and 
knowledge development within multinational firms. As Deputy Dean, Lessard 
coordinates Sloan's research centers and provides faculty leadership for its 
international initiatives, institutional partnerships and executive 
education. The international initiatives include joint programs with Tsinghua 
and Fudan Universities and Lingnan (University) College in China, as well as 
programs in Taiwan and Singapore. Lessard is also the faculty director for 
the MIT-wide partnership between Merrill Lynch and MIT.
General Expertise International corporate strategy and finance 
S.P. Kothari
Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance
Office E52-325 
Tel 617-253-0994 
Kothari is an editor of the Journal of Accounting & Economics, and his 
research work has been widely published in leading accounting and finance 
journals. Past research has focused on the relation between financial 
information and security prices, accounting for executive stock options, 
tests of security-price performance and market efficiency, corporate uses of 
derivatives for hedging and speculation, and issues surrounding executive 
compensation. Recent published research includes: "The Relation Between 
Earnings and Cash Flows" (with Patty Dechow and Ross Watts), Journal of 
Accounting & Economics; "A Market-Based Evaluation of DiscretionaryAccrual 
Models" (with Wayne Guay and Ross L. Watts), Journal of Accounting Research, 
1996; "Another Look at the Cross-Section of Expected Returns" (with Jay 
Shanken and Richard Sloan), Journal of Finance, 1995; and "Measuring 
Long-Horizon Security Price Performance" (with Jerold B. Warner), Journal of 
Financial Economics, 1997.
General Expertise Accounting, India, stock trading 
Anita,
My version. Minor changes.
Vince
Anita DuPont@
07/26/2000 04:42 PM
Here is the attachment with all bullet items.  Anita
Attached is the latest issue of Btu's Weekly Power Report
e-mail: info@Btu.net
phone: 732-758-8222
fax: 732-758-8286
- wp041601.pdf
Stinson,
We can  offer him a job. The problem is, he has about 2 more years to go.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
07/26/2000 04:12 PM
Shelley,
One question.   For the summer associates who we would be interested in as 
permanent hires, how do we proceed?    Is there a way of communicating to 
them that we have an intention of extending an offer?   Cantekin Dincerler 
would be one person who would be an excellent addition to our group.   He is 
debating about going to industry or trying to find an academic position after 
he finishes his Ph.D.      Giving him some incentive to seriously consider 
Enron now might have an effect on his plans for next year.
,
Stinson
John,
I am writing to you regarding the management of the London Research group.
As you know, Dale Surbey, who was managing the London unit of the Research 
Group,
is moving to EBS. Dale did a terrific job helping me to develop the pool of 
talent we have currently
in London.
Given that Dale is likely to be transfered to Houston,  it's time
to nominate one member of the Research Group for a management position.
My recommendation is Steve Leppard. Steve emerged not only as the most
technically qualified member of the group  but also as a natural leader, 
highly
respected by his peers and internal customers.  Steve has a very high energy 
level
and is very efficient as a manager and as  coach of new talent.
His promotion is likely to cause Anjam's departure form Enron. I value 
technical
skills of Anjam, but in spite of my loyalty to him, don't think he is the 
same caliber
as Steve. However, I would not like to lose him and think about moving him to 
Houston
for 2 years. I think that the opportunity to work in Houston, would be a 
sufficient
incentive to keep him in Enron. By the way, his performance feedback has 
greatly improved.
Please, let me know what you think.
Vince
Hi Jana,
The dress is casual.
In this restaurant we can sit outside (quite casual)
or inside (more formal dress, but still casual).
I shall  also send you the directions to my home,
just in case.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 07/26/2000 03:07:34 PM
Vince
I hope you had a good trip to Australia.
Are we still on for Friday evening?  Let me know what time, what dress, and
how to get to your home.
We are looking forward to meeting your family.
Let me know if I can bring something.
Jana
Hi Jana,
The trip was very interesting and I am still recovering.
On Friday we can meet at the restaurant. It's on the edge of
the Woodlands. We can then go to our home and have drinks
and chat.
The restaurant is:
Amerigo's Grill 
25250 Grogans Park Dr
Spring, TX 77380-2175
Phone: 281-362-0808
I have sent you an URL of the map of the part of the Woodlands
where Amerigo's is located. It's a red dot on the map.
What about 7:00 p.m.?
Look forward to meeting you.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 07/26/2000 03:07:34 PM
Vince
I hope you had a good trip to Australia.
Are we still on for Friday evening?  Let me know what time, what dress, and
how to get to your home.
We are looking forward to meeting your family.
Let me know if I can bring something.
Jana
Anita,
An updated agenda. We still need Grant's bullet points.
Vince
FYI
Vince
Tom Halliburton@
07/26/2000 11:23 AM
Vince,
I will attend this meeting.  I'm looking forward to finding out a little more 
about the London Economics model.
Tom
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
07/26/2000 11:17 AM
Tom,
Can you attend this meeting? You have reviewed this memo before.
Vince
Maria E Garcia@_DEVELOPMENT
07/26/2000 09:27 AM
Vince, as I mentioned, attached  please find an overview memo on the PoolMod 
model. We would like to invite your group to attend a meeting with the people 
from London Economics (tentatively Thursday noon) to discuss the benefits of 
using this model to predict pool prices in Colombia
Thanks, Maria Elena
- Briefing Memo - Overview of SDDP and PoolMod.doc
Eric Shumway
Consultant
London Economics, Inc.
(617) 494-8200
Shirley,
Please, arrange a phone interview. Zimin, Stinson, and myself.
He may be a good candidate for Tanya.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
07/20/2000 11:16 AM
Any interest?
Stephanie Miller@
07/20/2000 10:49 AM
Attached for your review is a resume a friend of mine came across. Thought 
you might want to review.
,
Stephanie
Debbie Chance
07/20/2000 09:42 AM
Stephanie,
Came by way of friend of a friend - looks very good on paper.  He has 
identified an interest in the following jobs that were posted in the net You know everyone here - could you identifiy the appropriate people to call 
attention to this candidate?
Resume attached below.
Thanks,
DC
1. ECONOMIC ADVISOR
CONTACT:  Respond to Enron Corp, Human Resources 235, P. O. Box 3330, Omaha, 
NE
68103-0330 or e-mail: dea.crum@ as a .doc or .txt attachment. Please
include this requisition number: 104776
| Job ID         | 0000104776    | Department     | SYSTEMS OPTIMIZATION TEAM    | Company        | GAS PIPELINE GROUP |                | GAS PIPELINE GROUP   
2. MANAGER
CONTACT: PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT THE HIRING MANAGER. NO FAXES PLEASE. Send 
resumes
via e-mail to tony.vasut@ or mail to Enron, attn: TVasut - EB3628, 
1400
Smith St., Houston , TX 77002. Please refer to job # 104486
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04224.pcx)
| Job ID         | 0000104486    | Department     | TRADE CREDIT    | Company        | CORPORATE STAFF |                | RISK ASSESSMENT AND CONTROL   
3. MANAGER
CONTACT: To submit resume for consideration, please e-mail it to
bholcomb@ if possible. Plain text in the message or an attached
word.doc are acceptable. Please use no columns, italics or underlines. If 
unable
to Email, bholcomb@, fax it to (713) 646-2169, attn: EB1013a or mail 
it
to B.Holcomb, EB1013a, P.O.Box 1188 , Houston, Tx. 77251-1188
| Job ID           | 0000104778    | Department       | ASSET OPERATIONS & SVCS    | Company          | WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM |                  | ENRON ENERGY SERVICES   
4. GAS TRADING SUPPORT GENERALIST
CONTACT: PLEASE EMAIL RESUME TO mark.broadfoot@ or if email is
unavailable, respond to MARK BROADFOOT EB3617a. Reference JOB ID#0000104730 in
email subject. RESUMES NOT ACCEPTED FROM AGENTS. GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY HOT JOB
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19645.pcx)
| Job ID         | 0000104730    | Department     | INFRASTRUCTURE & INTEGRAT    | Company        | GLOBAL FUNCTIONS |                | TECHNOLOGY   
5. RISK MANAGEMENT ANALYST
CONTACT: To be considered for this position, please e-mail your RESUME as a 
.doc
or .txt ATTACHMENT with your SALARY HISTORY to ENAJOBS4 @. (Please
eliminates italics, underlining, multiple margins or side-by-side columns.)
Please indicate on the email SUBJECT LINE your NAME AND THE JOB ID#. Resumes
with salary history will receive priority review.
| Job ID          | 0000104631    | Department      | GLOBAL FACILITIES    | Company         | WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM |                 | NORTH AMERICA   
Wichai,
Thanks,  I have received the paper.
Vince
Phil,
I shall be in town through the rest of the week. 
Plesase, give me a call.
Vince
07/20/2000 08:34 AM
Phil Sisneros@MUNICATIONS
Phil Sisneros@MUNICATIONS
Phil Sisneros@MUNICATIONS
07/20/2000 08:34 AM
07/20/2000 08:34 AM
probably back in town on the 25th, 26th and 27th.  Let me know if anything 
works in that time frame.
I shall be attending the bi-monthly meetings. We always have a significant 
number of associates
rotating through my group and supporting different units of Enron. 
Vince Kaminski
Sent by: Kay Chapman
I have just received word from Ted Bland that no one has responded to this 
memo.  Please re-read the following memo and respond to Ted by July 31, 2000.
Thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter.
As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate 
Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on 
a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly 
improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also 
need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA  
regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.
In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your 
groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's 
in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team 
Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) 
or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our 
A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this 
regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you 
may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A 
resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.
In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you 
to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm 
the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer 
another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply 
their name as soon as possible. 
Please call with any questions.
jim enright  Note: forwarded message attached.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail. 
Statement from the U.S. State Department
For eight years China has had its way with the U.S. Now the
"Paper Tiger" is beginning to show teeth and muscle. The days of
tempting to bully the U.S. are to come to an end. The China pilot
was in gross error, and China should apologize to the U.S. for
his reckless behavior. We have this on film. Therefore, the
attached is appropriate.
- US_apology.jpg
Cantekin,
Can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans VaR fluctuations?
The same is true of aluminum. I assume this is the position change.
Vince
Cantekin Dincerler
07/26/2000 09:28 AM
Anjam and Kirstee,
As I have suspected the position as of 6/30 vs 7/19 makes the difference. The 
first table first column is my VAR number with 6/30 position and gold&silver 
prices, the second column is your VAR with 7/19 position and dummy 
gold&silver prices. The second table first column is my VAR with 7/19 
position and 6/30 gold&silver prices, the second column is as before.
I would ask you to plug the gold and silver prices and see what kind of 
numbers you get in order to verify we are on the same page. Please refer to 
MODELVAR2000.xls that I have sent you for gold & silver prices and 
volatilities. 
Thank you,
Cantekin
TABLE 1
TABLE 2
Future directions, concerning the outsourcing business, that I think are 
important are:
(1) development of methodologies to speed up the pricing/project development 
process,
(2) adaptation of processes developed for the US to Europe and other markets, 
and
(3) development of pricing methodologies for the mid-market segment of 
facilities.
Stinson Gibner
07/26/2000 09:36 AM
Stinson,
Please take a look at it and feel free to make any necessary corrections.
Thanks.
-Samer
Osman,
Yes, but a visa may be a problem.
Vince
Vince,
You may also be intersted in this person.=20
Osman
FYI.
wenjiang Jiang  
Dear Dr. Osezgen,
My name is Wenjiang Jiang. I just successfully
defended my Ph.D. thesis last month at University of
Aarhus, Denmark.  My thesis  advisor is Prof. Ole E.
Barndorff-Nielsen. My main area is mathematical
finance. My other backgrounds are mathematics,
statistics and computational stochastics.
During my visit at Georgia Tech, Prof. Shi-Jie Deng
strongly suggested me to try to contact you. He
forwarded me the info. of 'Sr.
Specialist/Manager-Research' position at your company.
I am extremely interested in these positions. I attach
my CV.  I will be more than happy to provide further
information if so requested.
I hope that my application will be taken into
consideration and look forward to hearing from you.
Kind  
Sincerely yours
Wenjiang Jiang
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get Yahoo! Mail =01) Free email you can access from anywhere!
- CV.ps
Zimin Lu
07/26/2000 09:06 AM
Here is my agenda for the offsite.
Vasant Shanbhogue
07/25/2000 05:12 PM
1.  Discuss methodology for Insurance Pricing, using concept of Return on 
Economic Capital
2.   Compare Real Options approach for evaluating options with a Cash Flow 
Model approach
3.   Discuss the technology behind building an e-commerce site
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
07/25/2000 05:33 PM
EES Research - Agenda:
Structuring Models: Development of next-generation of Pricing and Structuring 
models for different types of transactions: discuss priorities and issues.
Optimization Models: Identify business needs and opportunities for applying 
optimization methods to create value in total energy outsource deals.
Credit Risk and Value@Risk Support for EES: Discuss support personnel issues 
and approaches for measuring these risks for EES deals given the 
uncertainties in energy consumption and the real options embedded in the 
outsource contracts.
Stinson Gibner
07/25/2000 05:38 PM
Ted,
We have the first running version of VaR model for the MG positions. Many 
thanks to Tanya and Anjam for taking lead
in this effort. We had also great help from Cantekin and Kirstee. We want to 
validate some  inputs
before releasing the number. Specifically, I want to make sure that both 
London and Houston work
with the same position numbers every day to avoid confusion.
A few comments.
1. We plan to set up the models to run VaR concurrently in Houston 
(Cantekin)  and London (Kirstee) with the same inputs.
The reason to do it this way is that we may have to respond quickly to 
multiple inquiries in both locations. (Cantekin and Kirstee,
please stay in touch and synchronize the inputs 
2. It is critical that we run the model daily and receive the updated 
positions and prices on a regular basis.
3. We shall continue work in Houston to improve the model. Two critical areas:
a. VaR model, by its nature, does not capture one big risk MG has in its 
portfolios. This is the liquidity risk
resulting from different cash consequences of the hedges and the 
underlying positions.
b.  We should go through due diligence to validate the process generating 
the position numbers (i.e. look
into the details of specific transactions).  From what 
I know, MG has a fairly rudimentary risk
management system and I am not quite sure how they generate option 
prices (and deltas). They get some
option prices by calling brokers.
4. I think the current VaR is within 80-85% of the true number (assuming the 
inputs are right). But, as I have said,
VaR does not capture all the risks that we have to worry about.
Vince 
Zimin Lu
07/25/2000 06:49 PM
Vince & Stinson,
The number comes out from the time series model is 42,  compared with Mike's 
61.
Last  year's number (true) was 41 (7/23/99), and 26 (7/30/99).  Therefore the 
curve is down-sloping dramatically.
Let us see  what happen tomorrow.
Zimin
Michael DeMott  04/12/2001 02:23:22 PM
Please respond to michael.demott@NY.FRB.ORG
Sent by: Federal Reserve Bank of NY Research Publications  Dear FRBNY Research Reader: 
Now available at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York Research and Market 
Analysis Group's web site: 
"FINANCIAL INNOVATION AND MONETARY TRANSMISSION" PAPERS 
On April 5 and 6, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the 
conference "Financial Innovation and Monetary Transmission." The twelve 
papers presented at the conference can now be obtained. 
RESEARCH UPDATE 
A quarterly newsletter offering summaries of selected studies and listings of 
recent articles and papers in our research series, as well as other news and 
information. The April issue covers first-quarter 2001. 
STAFF REPORTS 
Technical papers presenting research findings. 
"Gender Differences in the Labor Market Effects of the Dollar," by Linda 
Goldberg and Joseph Tracy (no. 121) 
"Productivity: What Is It, and Why Do We Care about It?" by Charles Steindel 
and Kevin Stiroh (no. 122) 
U.S. AND GLOBAL ECONOMIES CHARTS 
Access a series of charts outlining the financial conditions of the U.S. and 
global economies; these charts are updated every Wednesday. 
For more information on the New York Fed's research and research staff: 
Feel free to forward this message to anyone who might also be interested in 
our publications and papers. 
If you no longer wish to receive these electronic messages, simply send an 
e-mail to listserv@peach.ease.lsoft.com. In the e-mail, type the following: 
signoff FRBNYRMAG1. For more details, please go to 
? 
This notification service is provided to you free of charge. By subscribing 
to the service and providing your e-mail address, you agree to waive any 
claim against the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for any messages that you 
may receive by reason of your subscription to this service and/or any 
resultant harm to you and/or your computer from receipt of such messages The Federal Reserve Bank of New York assumes no responsibility for any 
inaccuracies in any messages you may receive as a result of your subscription 
to this service.
Sean,
Thanks. I appreciate it. Try David Port or Bjorn Hagelman.
Vince
Sean Grady@
07/25/2000 03:51 PM
I scheduled Bill Bradford for Bruce James but was unable to schedule Ted 
Murphy.  Is there anybody that could replace Mr. Murphy as an interviewer?
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
07/25/2000 03:24 PM
Sean,
Can we add Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford to the list of interviewers?
Vince Kaminski
Vasant Shanbhogue
07/25/2000 05:12 PM
1.  Discuss methodology for Insurance Pricing, using concept of Return on 
Economic Capital
2.   Compare Real Options approach for evaluating options with a Cash Flow 
Model approach
3.   Discuss the technology behind building an e-commerce site
Stinson Gibner
07/25/2000 05:38 PM
Ted, Bjorn,
Any info about this position?
Vince
Hi Esther,
I just talked to John Sherriff about his "Enron" copper position.  I suspect 
that this is not currently being captured within the MG Mercur position 
database - he would like to have that included in the VaR spreadsheet and 
shown as a separate line.  Do you have any information regarding this deal 
(i.e. position sizes, qualities etc.) or be able to direct me to someone who 
may be able to assist in getting this information?
Thanks,
Anjam
x35383 
Mark,
One option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be 
interested.
Vince
Enron Investment Partners
Thank you for participating in yesterday's meeting.  We spoke with Harvey and 
Jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart There is an opportunity for Enron to participate with MEC in the early 
development of their company, but it seems the one thing they want is the one 
thing we also want, people.  I would appreciate your thoughts and comments on 
the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with MEC as 
part of a potential investment and strategic relationship.  Given our 
resource constraints, this would most likely be part of the organization that 
sees the greatest strategic impact from MEC's development.
Mark
x37408
Grant
FYI
Vince
Paul Quilkey@_DEVELOPMENT
07/25/2000 06:36 AM
Vince
We happened upon this fellow through Strickland.  What are your thoughts on 
the background?  We are still working to formulate our requirements in the 
office but consider this person worth talking to.
Paul
Dear Paul,
?
My friend Chris Strickland has informed me that Enron is  looking for a 
Quantitative Analyst. I am?interested in talking to you about  this position. 
I have attached my resume for your perusal. I am currently on  holidays and 
can be?contacted from?Monday 31st July. My contact  details are contained 
within my attached resume. I look forward to talking to  you.
?
Yours sincerely,
Simon Hurst.
?
?
- SRH Resume.doc
Dale,
Thanks for your message.
I was traveling last week and things were put on the back burner. You should
see a letter to John Sherriff Wed morning (my time).
Vince
Barbara,
Yes, that would be fine.
Vince
Vince,
?
Hello.? I hope you are well.
?
Through the course of our work in developing an energy  product, I have 
learned?the publication Derivatives Week is  preparing a special report on 
weather and energy derivatives.? They have  asked us if we know of anyone who 
could contribute to the  editorial.
?
I thought of you.? Would you be amenable to my presenting  your name?
?
Look forward to hearing from you.
?
,
?
Barbara E. Brandfass, Chief of Business Development  
Panalytix, Inc., www.panalytix.com
212 974 1022, b@panalytix.com
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
07/25/2000 09:48 AM
Hi,
I don't know if you have the attached document from Ben Parsons.
As we discussed earlier, Anita put me on your calendar for next Tuesday at 2 
pm to discuss the Duffie project.  I hope that is ok.
Thanks,
Iris
Attached is a description of the parent-subsidiary model that Ben and I have 
been working on over the last few weeks.
Comments welcome!
TV
FYI
My first impressions are that R/S can be quite powerful but is not as 
intuitive as it might be (e.g. it has taken me quite some time to understand 
how to manipulate and collate data sets.)
For this reason, I have ordered a "Basics of S" book from Amazon.  If it 
turns out to be useful, I will pass on the title to you.
Grant.
Rob,
Let me think about a good topic. You may also contact Steve Kean and ask the 
same
question.
Vince
Vince,
I'm Regional Mngr Gov't Affairs at NNG in Omaha and begin a doctoral studies 
program this fall at NU. I plan a research emphasis in regulatory politics specific to energy and telecom market convergence and the public interest. 
I'd welcome any advice or suggestions you have regarding other potential 
area's of research, based on your professional experience in the industry.
I appreciate your assistance, I'm in the earliest stages of forming a 
supervisory committee and  curriculum of study.
Shirley,
Yes. It's really nice.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
07/24/2000 12:32 PM
Vince:
Is it ok to send the following out to the interns?
Dear FT.com user
From the web site that brings you the world - the chance to go anywhere in the
world.
FT.com is offering you the opportunity to form your own global perspective=20
with
a trip worth $10,000. As a registered user all you need to do is verify your
registration details and you could be taking the trip of a lifetime.
Great additional prizes such as Sony Digital Cameras, Philips DVD players and
Palm Pilot VII=0F's will be given away each week.
Exploring the world is just a click away.
,
FT.com
Why not forward this e-mail to a friend or colleague who may
find this information useful?
If you no longer wish to receive further e-mails from FT.com,
please send an e-mail to ft.com.unsubscribe@newsbyemail.ft.com
with the single word "unsubscribe" as the subject of the
message. Your name will then be removed from our mailing
list.
If you have forgotten your password for FT.com visit:
Tom,
Thanks. I shall try to pick up the paper tonight.
The E-mail caught me in a better place than an air conditioned place.
I am in Australia and it's winter here.
Vince
Tom Arnold  Hey Vince,
Since I saw you last, the "Real World Option Princing" paper has taken on
some more interesting results.  Tim Crack and I would certainly like your
comments on the previous version and current version because we feel there
are still more areas to explore, such as, Value at Risk.  Here is where you
can download the paper:
I hope this e-mail finds you in air conditioned room away from the heat.
Tom
Shirley,
Iris  took another job.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
07/20/2000 03:46 PM
Vince:
Since Teresa is no longer here was anything every done about this?  Do
you still want to?
Thanks!
Shirley
Vince J Kaminski
06/16/2000 10:14 AM
Teresa,
I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston.
She works currently in London Can you call her
and ask when she is planning to visit the States.
We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.
I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston,
though I would go for it, if necessary (I don't
want a candidate to think that we are that cheap).
Business class is a standard
for business related, cross-Atlantic flights. 
I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.
Thanks 
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
06/12/2000 03:51 PM
Iris,
At this point it's my group: Research, i.e. Quantitative Modeling.
Please, let me know what your interests are and I shall try to line up
other groups for the interview.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/09/2000 02:33:50 AM
Hi,
I will be out of the country until Wednesday afternoon - London time.
Maybe we can chat then.
Also, could you please tell me about the group(s) that are interested in
speaking with me.
Thanks,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
Leaving for Ca in a few minutes. I shall get back to you Monday.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/06/2000 10:36:46 AM
Hi,
Thanks for your email.  Begining of July - what about July 4th week?
Could you give me a bit more info regarding the best days for you and
your
colleagues.
Thanks,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
The beginning of July would be better for us. Please, let me know what
is your availability.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/06/2000 02:30:49 AM
Hi,
Thank you for your email.  How many days do we need?
I have checked my calendar.and think that I should be able to come on
Monday June 19th (Tuesday June 20th - if you need more than one day 
I can fly from London to Houston during the following weekend to
arrive in
time for Monday morning.
Let me know if these days are good for you and your colleagues.
,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
We can invite you for an interview to Houston.
What would be a  the time  for you?
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 05/25/2000 11:32:04 AM
Hi,
Thank you for your prompt response.  I am interested in any contacts
you
may have in your rolodex.
Also, I would be opened to talk to Enron as well.  Please let me know
more
details.
Kind Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
I shall go through my Rolodex and try to find some good leads for you. I
left
investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast.
Alternatively, would you be interested in a company like Enron
or another energy company in Houston?
Please, let me know.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 05/25/2000 09:20:01 AM
Hi,
How are you?  Thank you kindly for your email.  Sorry I have not
responded
sooner.
Currently I am working in Derivatives Structured Products and Risk
Management at BNP Paribas in London.  Although I currently enjoy living and
working in London, I may need to return to the states - because of my
mother's
failing health.
Do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that I may
forward my
details to?
For your information, I have attached my CV.  (Please see attached
file:
Iris Marie Mack.doc).
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.
Kind Iris Mack
44 (0)20  7595 8665 (work)
44 (0)20  7229 9986 (home)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes.
I shall be glad to chat with you.
Vince
iris.mack@paribas.com on 03/30/2000 02:24:27 AM
Dear Dr. Kaminski,
How are you?  It was nice to meet you at the Real Options conference
in
NYC.
I was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk.  In
particular, by your use of real options to hedge financial options.  This
is
something I am interested in as well.
When you have some time, could we chat about this topic in a bit more
detail?
and consideration.  Hope to hear from you soon.
,
Iris Mack
This message is confidential; its contents do not constitute a
commitment by BNP Paribas Group* except where provided
for in a written agreement between you and BNP Paribas Group*.
Any unauthorised disclosure, use or dissemination, either
whole or partial, is prohibited. If you are not the intended
recipient of the message, please notify the sender immediately.
*BNP Paribas Group  is a trading name of BNP SA and Paribas SA
Ce message est confidentiel; son contenu ne represente en
aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe BNP Paribas*
sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le
groupe BNP Paribas*. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion,
meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. Si vous n'etes
pas destinataire de ce message, merci d'en avertir immediatement
l'expediteur.
*Le groupe BNP Paribas est le nom commercial utilise par BNP SA et Paribas
SA
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
- Iris Marie Mack.doc
Clayton,
We can discuss your request  when I come back to the office on Monday.
Regarding the trip to Portland. Such a trip requires an  explicit prior 
permission from your boss,
myself in his absence, or Stinson in my and Vasant's absence.
In case you did not ask for such a permission before, the request  is denied.
Vince
Clayton Vernon @ ENRON
07/20/2000 03:12 PM
Vasant-
I hope you had a wonderful vacation back home, and are rested and recovered 
from the long flight back.
I wanted to give you an update of the EOL project, the Gas Model, and of my 
intentions here at Enron.
Software (in compiled C on the Unix platform) has been developed and debugged 
to listen to the EOL trades, process them, book them, and file them away. In 
addition, software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on 
a continual basis, and to store the entirety of open positions on EOL in a 
dynamic matrix facilitating analysis. IT has yet to get back with me on how 
the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit 
purposes.
These data files are stored in a format for reading by Excel or by SAS, for 
which I have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines 
elucidating the structure of the data.
I am in the process of documenting all of this for you.
With   the Gas Model and its slow performance on the Compaq, Dell has 
agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the Compaq, to see if 
the performance issue of the LP is related to the Compaq. I have been 
researching this issue with IT here and with Compaq and Dell. The new machine 
will be here any day now (no financial obligation to anyone), and I will be 
able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is 
Compaq-specific.
I am also in the process of documenting the Gas Model for you.
I've tried to do my best for you, Vasant, but I have been frustrated by not 
only the death of my mother but some internal systems in IT here. Just the 
other day, SAS could not open a full query of the EOL database because there 
wasn't enough free space on the server's hard drive for the workfiles. In 
discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power 
trading, people whom I have known for over 10 years, they indicated they were 
ubiquitous here. The power traders have similar PC's to my new one, and they 
have complained from Day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones.  Also, 
there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses; 
during my brief tenure here IT has gone through two differing proposals as to 
how to address this. When I have been told of tools available for real-time 
data harvesting, my requests for such have typically been met with "well, we 
have it, but we haven't really tested it yet." An example is the weather: we 
still do not record to disk the hourly NWS observations from the GOES 
satellite.
My interests here are to help Enron to do well, because I will do well only 
if Enron does well. These aren't empty words- my IRA is 100% invested in the 
Enron stock fund. I believe my best contributions to Enron will be in the 
areas of systems as well as modeling, and the difficulty working in the 
Research Group, in terms of systems development, is that, frankly, few people 
at Enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems. We aren't 
directly generating revenues for Enron, and we aren't really their customers, 
except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses.
As it happens, Power Trading posted an opening for a Modeling and Forecasting 
person, and I spoke with them and they asked me to take the job, reporting to 
George Hopley. It is a wonderful opportunity for me, Vasant, as they are 
interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their 
traders' access to real-time fundamentals data. I was completely candid with 
Kevin Presto regarding my shortcomings here in Research- I told him you were 
disgusted with me because I repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines. They 
also understand I have yet to be at Enron for 1 year, and thus may only bid 
on a job with your permission. We agree the move is good for Enron; we all 
work for Enron, and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but 
merely permit it. They are comfortable with me- they have known me for years 
as a hard worker, honest and unpretensive. They have already ordered a 
state-of-the-art Unix workstation and server for me, and they have told me 
they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful, 
including hiring an Analyst to work for me. And, I have already been able to 
teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis I 
have learned here.
So, I am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening. It would be 
a lateral move in position and salary, and I would commit to you to help you 
in any way possible in the future with   the Gas Model or the EOL 
database. I will continue to work on their improvement, and complete their 
documentation.
As it happens, I am away on Enron business in Portland Monday and Tuesday, 
and will be back Wednesday. I had wanted to talk face-to-face instead of by 
email, but Enron business supercedes- I am on a team designing the data 
warehouse for floor trader support.
Clayton.
Guillermo,
I am currently in Sydney with no access to my data base.
You can find the info you need at www.riskbooks.com.
Vince
Guillermo Canovas@
07/14/2000 04:49 PM
Thank you very much. Who should we contact at Energy and Power Risk 
Management? Is this at Enron or outside? Do you have a telephone number?
Thanks again.
Guillermo
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
07/14/2000 01:53 PM
Guillermo,
My slides are attached. There were many other speakers at this conference.
You can purchase the documentation from Energy and Power
Risk Management.
Vince
Guillermo Canovas@
07/11/2000 10:44 AM
My name is Guillermo C?novas, and I am Regulatory and Government Affairs 
Director for Enron Am,rica del Sur (Argentina I understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on May 9/10 where it was 
discussed: 1) effective power price modelling; 2) applying a real option 
approach for the valuation of power plants.
One consultant and researcher, who shares Enron's belief in open markets and 
competition (and therefore is helping us to open Argentine energy markets asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and 
other speakers presented during the seminar.
If this is feasible, I would appreciate if you could send a copy of the 
material to me at Enron Am,rica del Sur, located at: Av. Eduardo Madero 900 Piso 17 (1106) - Buenos Aires - Argentina
Please, do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or 
require further information. I can be reached  at the following number: 
5411-4891-3600
Sincerely,
Guillermo.
Eric, 
I have the presentation  on my laptop  and I
shall send you the presentation in a few days when
I get my back to my office in Houston.
I am currently using the system as a guest in our Sydney office.
The  person I mentioned is Anthony Dayao.
Vince Kaminski
Eric Takigawa  Dear Dr. Kaminski:
My name is Eric Takigawa of Algorithmics Japan, and I spoke with you on the
last day of the seminar.
I would be pleased to receive a copy of your presentation with the promise
of non-circulating the material.
I have been in communication with Mr. Jonath Whitehead and will be meeting
Mr. Joe Hirl in early August.  You mentioned another individual at Enron
Japan - Antonio Dai(?) but couldn't recall the proper spelling of his name
and would like the opportunity to meet with him.
There is a tremendous opportunity for Enron in Japan and the conditions are
just right.
Kind 
Eric 
Shirley,
Please, give them the details that are included in a standard   bio plus 
E-mail,
phone number etc.
Vince
Cindy Derecskey@
07/18/2000 12:06 PM
Vince, I received this inquiry about you.  I am forwarding it to you so you 
can respond to it or politely tell them your not interested.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing on behalf of Petroleum Economics Ltd, an energy consultancy
firm based in London. We are currently updating our lists of contact
addresses, and I would be most grateful if you could pass on contact details
for Mr Vince Kaminski, your Head of Quantitative Research.
Yours Faithfully
Alex Bandini
_________________________________________
Alex Bandini
Petroleum Economics Limited
Tel: +44 (0)20-7553-2000
Fax: +44 (0)20-7553-2001
E-mail: alex.bandini@petroleum-economics.com
Vince J Kaminski
04/11/2001 05:22 PM
Stinson,
Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071
and Geman@math.umass.edu.
Vince
Kevin,
Yes.
Please, give him my E-mail address or the phone number.
Vince
Kevin Kindall@
07/18/2000 04:12 PM
Alex and I both received a phone call from the director of the Comp. Finance 
(MSCF) program at CMU.  He is trying to place students.  Are you interested?
-Kevin Kindall
webmaster@cera.com on 07/18/2000 10:03:23 PM
Title: OPEC: Arguing over Output
Author: World Oil Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: World Oil ,
URL 
Saudi Arabia's announcement earlier this month that it would increase oil 
production by an additional 0.5 million barrels per day (mbd) if prices 
remained high ignited a firestorm within OPEC.* The announcement was 
upsetting to fellow OPEC members because
* it was a unilateral statement with no advance consultation
* most observers perceived Saudi Arabia to be acceding to US pressure
* it came on the heels of the June 21 OPEC meeting where a 0.7 mbd production 
increase was adopted with some difficulty
* it seemed to contradict an expressed Saudi view that the oil market was 
fundamentally balanced and that only structural and psychological factors 
were distorting prices
Subsequent to the furor it raised, Saudi Arabia backed away from promptly 
implementing a production increase and sought instead to develop an OPEC 
consensus in favor of higher output.
Saudi Arabia's thwarted initiative has now become enmeshed in the production 
adjustment mechanism advocated over the past year by Venezuelan Oil Minister 
and current OPEC President Ali Rodriguez. Having refrained at the March OPEC 
meeting from accepting the Rodriguez adjustment formula to add or withhold 
0.5 mbd of oil whenever the price of the OPEC crude basket is above or below 
$22-28 per barrel for 20 consecutive working days, Saudi Arabia has sought to 
justify an increase now on the basis of a sustained OPEC basket price above 
$28 per barrel. The market, however, has moved in opposition to the various 
OPEC signals, causing the basket price to fall below $28 on July 17, short of 
the 20-day period. Iran--which adamantly opposes a production increase since 
it is operating at capacity and would see its oil revenue decline--has led 
the opposition to the Saudi initiative and is insisting that the conditions 
specified by the Rodriguez formula have not been met.
The oil market continues to react to contradictory statements by OPEC member 
spokesmen, and on July 18 prices for WTI settled up $1.11 at $31.90 per 
barrel and prices for Brent increased $0.76 to $29.72. This increase was in 
reaction to an OPEC signal that it intends to restart the 20-day price period 
which could delay OPEC action on a production increase by at least four weeks.
Uncertainty about an OPEC production increase is the key factor supporting 
prices. This, in turn, leads to continued pressure on OPEC to implement a 0.5 
mbd production increase. The "20 consecutive day" mechanism is not, however, 
a final arbiter of OPEC production policy. For OPEC members who are amenable 
to the Saudi view on production, the mechanism is more likely to be used as a 
rough gauge of the global market and not as an automatic trigger to implement 
or--as the case may be--to delay a supply increase. In addition, the Saudis 
are capable of acting on their own in the old-fashioned way--quietly further 
increasing output above their quota. More OPEC gyrations are 
coming--including the Secretary General's impending visit to Caracas--but, 
unless the market settles beneath OPEC's upper limit soon, we expect that 
some additional OPEC oil will be produced, however the increase may be 
justified.
**end**
Follow URL for HTML version of this message only.
Note: Should the above URL not work, please use the following: 
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
webmaster@cera.com on 07/14/2000 10:21:29 PM
Title: Monthly Briefing: Refined Products Line
Author: Refined Products Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: Refined Products ,
URL 
Although demand currently lags last year's level, gasoline margins remain=20
exceptionally strong owing in large part to the tight supply situation;=20
gasoline price differentials gained $0.46 per barrel during June, rising to=20
$8.58 per barrel over WTI. Distillate market fundamentals remain very strong=20
and CERA expects margins to continue strengthening through the third quarter.=20
High natural gas prices have raised the ceiling on low-sulfur residual fuel=20
prices, so that 1% sulfur residual fuel differentials below WTI have narrowed=20
from the $7.00=01)$8.00 per barrel range of the first quarter to $4.18 per=20
barrel during June.
**end**
Follow URL for complete Monthly Briefing.
Note: Should the above URL not work, please use the following:=20
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
=20
webmaster@cera.com on 07/14/2000 10:04:13 PM
Title: Monthly Briefing: The Pressure Remains
Author: N. American Gas Team
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: North American Gas ,
URL 
Pressure in the North American gas markets remains intense, despite moderate 
summer weather that so far has allowed storage injections to average over 10 
billion cubic feet (Bcf) per day. High injection rates have provided 
occasional relief for prices, but summer is far from over. The absolute level 
of storage inventories remains critical, and the prices should stay above the 
$4.00 per million British thermal units (MMBtu) level through August. The 
competition between power generation and storage for supply will continue, 
and gas prices must remain high enough to discourage marginal end-use demand 
and allow low storage inventories to build. CERA expects an average price of 
$4.20 per MMBtu at the Henry Hub for August (see Table 1), which will result 
in continued burning of residual fuel oil by the Atlantic Coast dual-fuel 
market and continued ammonia plant shutdowns, which began during the May and 
June price increases.
Although continued strong storage injections would take some pressure off the 
gas market, a shift to a lower pricing plane--below $4.00 per MMBtu--depends 
on sustained mild summer weather. CERA expects gas demand for power 
generation to climb through the end of July and into August, and higher 
temperatures and power loads will limit supply that is available for 
injections. The pressure in the market is likely to tighten over the weeks to 
come, and the market will remain vulnerable to price spikes above $4.50 per 
MMBtu through August and September.
Gas Storage--Not Yet Enough
Despite recent high storage injection rates, storage inventories are not high 
enough to ensure that supplies will reach adequate levels for next winter. An 
end of mild weather in the Midwest and Northeast and seasonally intense heat 
in the Southwest would cause injection rates to decline significantly over 
the remainder of July and into August. The result would be injections 
averaging approximately 9.0 Bcf per day for July, largely owing to higher 
rates early in the month, and 7.0 Bcf per day for August (see Table 2).
These rates would keep the year-over-year inventory deficit above 350 Bcf for 
July and August, with inventories on a path to reach between 2.7 and 2.8 
trillion cubic feet (Tcf) by the end of October, still an all-time low level 
for the beginning of winter. Reaching even this level would require at least 
two of the following to occur: a continuation of quite mild weather, little 
or no hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico, or warm weather through 
October. As a result, the pressure is likely to remain high in the gas market 
at least through August.
Regional Markets--The Topock Premium
Buoyed by strong regional power demand and high utilization rates on 
pipelines into California, Topock continues to be the highest pricing point 
in North America. High power loads in the West are supporting other prices in 
the region, but supply growth and pipeline capacity constraints out of the 
Rockies and high pipeline utilization rates between the San Juan Basin and 
California have maintained extremely wide differentials between those markets 
and California. California should remain strong, and CERA expects some modest 
strengthening in Rockies and San Juan basis differentials during July and 
August with increasing Pacific Northwest gas demand for power generation (see 
Table 3).
CERA's outlook by region follows:
* Rockies. Continued strong supply growth in the Rockies is challenging 
pipeline capacity out of the region, and differentials have come increasingly 
under pressure this summer. CERA expects some modest recovery in Rockies 
differentials as hydroelectric generation on the Pacific Northwest declines. 
Differentials should average $0.55 per MMBtu for August.
* San Juan. CERA expects continued strong power loads in the West to keep San 
Juan prices near current differential levels. August differentials should 
average $0.35 per MMBtu for August.
* Permian and Mid-Continent. Hotter weather and higher power loads in Texas 
have already strengthened differentials at the Permian Basin, and that 
tightening should hold through August. The Mid-Continent should continue to 
price at a discount to Permian supplies.
* Chicago. Chicago prices have held just above $0.05 above the Henry Hub for 
much of July, a condition CERA does not expect to change significantly during 
August. Chicago should average $0.06 above the Henry Hub.
* Northeast markets. Mild weather in the Northeast quickly cooled price 
premiums from the mid-$0.40s to the mid-$0.20s from early to mid-July. With 
hot weather still likely to return, however, New York prices for August 
should average $0.32 above the Henry Hub.
Canadian Markets--Western Supply No Longer in Decline?
Although TransCanada flows are down, the strong market overall and wide 
differentials have resulted in increased flows on PGT (up 300 million cubic 
feet [MMcf] per day year-over-year). Domestic demand is still down slightly 
from last year's levels. Storage injections have picked up (in both the East 
and West) and, although behind last year's, are still above the five-year 
average. Western Canadian supply increased slightly on a year-over-year basis 
in June; July thus far is basically running flat with last year.
The impact of the 1999 TransCanada capacity turnback and the current rate 
structure is beginning to be felt in the Canadian market. It is more and more 
apparent that TransCanada is becoming the swing pipeline, with flows 400 MMcf 
per day below last year's levels. The effect of the difference between 
contracted capacity (available to shippers at incremental cost) and 
uncontracted capacity (available only on a full-cost basis) is becoming 
evident. With supply filling contracted capacity on export pipes, the 
inability of TransCanada to discount below the minimum interruptible rate may 
be creating a two-tiered market. This shift results in a different netback 
for holders of capacity (similar to the higher netback achieved by the 
aggregators in the past) and those without capacity (those required to 
acquire full cost transportation, or to sell at AECO). This lack of 
flexibility is contributing to the wider differential between Henry Hub and 
AECO (currently averaging in the high U!
S$0.70s). AECO is expected to average C$4.91 per gigajoule (US$3.52 per 
MMBtu) for August.
**end**
Follow URL for PDF version of this Monthly Briefing with associated Tables.
Note: Should the above URL not work, please use the following: 
This electronic message and attachments, if any, contain information
from Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Inc. (CERA) which is
confidential and may be privileged. Unauthorized disclosure, copying,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments,
in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Thoughts for the day 
Ed.Sweeney@phh.com
07/17/00 07:56 AM
Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on
the same night.
If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has
not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word
would be "meetings".
There is a very fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness."
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never
want you to share yours with them.
And when God, who created the entire universe with all of its glories,
decides to deliver a message to humanity, He WILL NOT use, as His
messenger, a person on cable TV with a bad hairstyle.
You should not confuse your career with your life.
No matter what happens ... somebody will find a way to take it too
seriously.
When trouble arises & things look bad, there is always individual who
perceives a solution & is willing to take command. Very often, that
person is crazy.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well.  Just get up and dance.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice
person.
Never lick a steak knife.
Take out the fortune before you eat the cookie.
"The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender,
religion, economic status or ethnic background, is that, deep down
inside, we ALL believe that we are above average drivers.
You should never say anything to a woman that evenremotely suggests that
you think she's pregnant unless you can see an actual baby emerging from
her at that moment.
Your friends love you anyway.
- att1.unk
John,
I shall E-mail the information about SDDP  from Houston.
Vince
Vincent,
You kindly suggested that I email you with regard to some information you
have on the SDDP system (I'm not sure if I've got the abbreviation correct,
but it's something that is currently used in South America).
Your presentation was very interesting and informative.
Kind 
John O'Brien
Manager, Treasury & Risk Management
Snowy Hydro Trading Pty Ltd
Level 17, Bligh House
4 Bligh Street
Sydney NSW 2000
John,
I have the electronic versions of my presentations on my laptop. 
I shall E-mail both presentations to you tonight.
Thanks for your interest.
Vince
Vincent,
I had to leave the conference early today, and I've just realised back in
the office as I went through my conference notes that I didn't receive a
copy of your presentation.  I'm not sure whether you gave out copies of your
presentaton or not.  However, if you did distribute copies at the
conference, would you be able to email me a copy?  No problems if you did
not give out copies or if you haven't got a copy handy.
Kind 
John O'Brien
Manager, Treasury & Risk Management
Snowy Hydro Trading Pty Ltd
Level 17, Bligh House
4 Bligh Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Dale,
To follow up on my earlier message. Anjam expressed his concern
that Sharad is holding off on our offer. I would consider bumping it up to 
55,000
with a sign-on bonus. We badly need fresh talent.
I shall be in Australia next week. If you need
any additional intervention from us, please, call Stinson.
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
07/06/2000 08:56 AM
Dale,
I was very impressed with Sharad and I think that we should consider paying 
offering him
o50,000. I am not sure about guaranteed bonus. What do you think?
Hi Dale (& Vince),
I have now gathered everyone's views and the consensus is that we should hire 
Sharad to work with me on front-office pricing and so we should proceed to 
the offer stage.  As you can see his salary is o43,500 currently and he 
appears to have a guaranteed bonus of o25,000 for next year.  He would join 
for >o50,000 from my discussions with Alex Blair, the consultant.  He is very 
interested in Enron, but is also talking to Morgan Stanley.  I discussed with 
Vince, who recommended that Sharad should come in at the same level (rank) as 
Kirstee Hewitt; I would also like to arrange for a direct reporting line to 
me for Sharad.
,
Anjam 
x35383
P.S. Kate:  I have attached the agencies terms and conditions below:
Anjam, 
??????? as requested please find enclosed details on Sharad's numbers: 
??????? Basic Salary : o40,000 
??????? Car Allowance : o3,500 
??????? (paid in Cash) 
??????? Annual Bonus : o13,000 (this bonus was paid for 99-00?? ??????? ??????? ??????? 8 mths work April-Dec) 
Total o56,500 
Sharad has been informed that his bonus payments for year 00-01 will be 
floored at o25,000.? Sharad's expectations therefore are to receive a base 
salary of between o57.5-o60K plus bonus.
I hope this is of use and ask that if you have any questions that you do not 
hesitate to call. 
Alex Blair 
Senior Consultant 
alex.blair@alexmann.com 
Tel:0207 891 6671 
Fax:0207 905 1313 
Web "The Alexander Mann Group has a stated policy for the use of electronic 
mail which is rigorously enforced throughout the Group. The contents of 
this e mail should meet the requirements of the policy - if you would 
like further details please forward this message to info@alexmann.com 
The information contained in this electronic mail message is 
confidential. It is intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed and others authorised to receive it. If 
the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use, copying, dissemination or disclosure of this 
information is strictly prohibited 
John,
Thanks.
Vince
,
JHHerbert
- gd.pdf
Shalesh,
Grtant Masson looked into it.
Vince
Vasant,
Anjam and I were just discussing that the telecommunications industry might 
be interested in some type of "solar flare" insurance derivatives.  Please 
let us know if you would be interested in meeting us next week sometime to 
discuss this further or if you have some ideas about it already.  Thank you.
Shalesh Ganjoo
Molly,
Thanks a lot. I am very glad about Jinbaek.
Vince
I've talked several times with Scott Gerson of the Focus Group about the list 
of candidates he has presented to you.  He says that Sriram is "ready to go but that the other NY guys are "kinda iffy".  He did say that they may become 
more interested in Houston if they don't receive NY job offers within the 
next week or so. We have scheduled Sriram to come in to interview with the 
group on Thursday, 4/19, beginning at 9:00 am with you, Vince.   I will keep 
you posted if I hear anything more from Scott.
Spoke with Jinbaek Kim today, and he is very excited about the offer to do a 
summer internship with the Research Group.  We will get his offer letter out 
to him tomorrow, but he has indicated a definite verbal acceptance.
I'll be in tomorrow, but off Friday.  Please call me with any questions you 
might have.
Thanks,
Molly
x34804
Shirley,
Can you, please, send my itinerary to Ludmila?
ludkam@aol.com
Vince
Raymond,
I shall call you on Sunday after my arrival in Sydney.
Look forward to meeting you again.
I shall be ready to speak on all the topics you mentioned.
Vince
Raymond Yeow@_DEVELOPMENT
07/09/2000 09:07 PM
Dear Vince,
after getting our heads together here,
we would much apprecaite if you could share the Research Group's latest on 
- Var ie "... repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk  as well as cover additional topics viz.
- Discuss, with application, Enrons internal V@R model, and how this is used 
internally.
- Discuss volatility modelling, and whether it is possible to maintain and 
trade a term structure of volatility in electricity
- Modelling forward curves with reference to associated markets (eg Oil   Can we gain some insights through spreads to related market curves (spark).
I assume your hotel is booked already. Catching the taxi is the best way to 
get to your hotel.
Since you are arriving on the weekend , if you need to contact me - my mobile 
is 0417-692295, home tel/fax 
is 9232-8892
Rgds Raymond
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
07/06/2000 09:20 AM
Paul, Raymond,
Thanks for your message. 
Sorry I did not get in touch  with you earlier. The last few weeks were very 
hectic. I am starting 
right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the 
conference.
Here are the details of my itinerary (I shall send you a copy tomorrow). I 
arrive Sunday morning
and leave Saturday morning. The conference takes place on Monday and Tuesday. 
On Wednesday, I am making a presentation at the workshop on value-at-risk. I 
would
like to stay at the conference for the duration: it's a great learning 
opportunity for me.
On Thursday and Friday, as well as in the evenings (except for the evening
of July 18), I am at you disposal.
I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can
about the Australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda.
I shall be glad to make several presentation.
I can repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk as well as cover 
additional
topics. 
Vince
Paul Quilkey@_DEVELOPMENT
07/04/2000 05:23 AM
Vince
I support Raymond's email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give 
a presentation (formal or informal) to the trading group on latest research 
initiatives in Houston.  Please let us know your schedule so that we do not 
overly burden you during your visit.  Look forward to seeing you and catching 
up over a beer.
Thnx
Paul
Raymond Yeow
07/04/2000 08:21 PM
Dear Vince,
Hi !, it's only two weeks until the Aust Energy Risk (17-19 July ) seminar in 
Sydney.
Is RISK organising your hotel ?
Otherwise, Kirsty can organise for you, 
eg harbour vIew at the Regent or convenience to the seminar location at the 
Sheraton ?
We would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "comforts" of home 
when you are with us,
Elliott & David can set up a desk for you in the office/trading room with  
phone etc 
so you can use one of our PC to access email or plug in your laptop.
Please let Elliott or David kmow your requirements.
How long will you be with us ?
Is this your first trip to Sydney ?
There are several of us in the office who would like to take you  for a 
meal(s)/ show you the sights etc and
discuss the latest Research findings with you whilst you are in Sydney eg VAR.
Hear from you soon.
Raymond
725pm 4 July
Guillermo,
My slides are attached. There were many other speakers at this conference.
You can purchase the documentation from Energy and Power
Risk Management.
Vince
Guillermo Canovas@
07/11/2000 10:44 AM
My name is Guillermo C?novas, and I am Regulatory and Government Affairs 
Director for Enron Am,rica del Sur (Argentina I understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on May 9/10 where it was 
discussed: 1) effective power price modelling; 2) applying a real option 
approach for the valuation of power plants.
One consultant and researcher, who shares Enron's belief in open markets and 
competition (and therefore is helping us to open Argentine energy markets asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and 
other speakers presented during the seminar.
If this is feasible, I would appreciate if you could send a copy of the 
material to me at Enron Am,rica del Sur, located at: Av. Eduardo Madero 900 Piso 17 (1106) - Buenos Aires - Argentina
Please, do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or 
require further information. I can be reached  at the following number: 
5411-4891-3600
Sincerely,
Guillermo.
Van,
I am leaving for Australia today.
What about the week of the 24th?
Vince
Van T Ngo                07/14/2000 10:23 AM
Hello Vince, 
Do you have any time today for me to stop by your office?  I just wanted to 
take a few minutes to talk with you 
Thanks &   today,
Van
Lloyd,
No problem. I wanted to make sure that everybody realizes how 
detailed-oriented our tasks are
and that we have to be in direct communication with our counterparties.
Vince
Vince,
I certainly think Anjam & Tanya should visit NY, but I simply had a concern 
that some of the questions being asked had already been covered by Anjam myself and Andreas but had somehow not been communicated.
My message was not intended to convey any another impression.  I've also now 
spoken with Anjam & Tanya and clarified this.
Lloyd
Vince J Kaminski
14/07/2000 15:04
Lloyd,
Speaking from experience, I think that it's critical for Tanya and Anjam to 
visit MG in New York
and establish direct relationship with technical people. Merging two risk 
management systems
requires handling many very technical issues and face to face discussions 
between IT and quants
will be very helpful 
Vince 
Tanya,
I think most of your queries can be dealt with on the phone - I'll be at MG 
with Andreas today and we'll call you.   Most of these points have already 
been covered with Anjam in any case.  I'm also attaching a file downloaded 
from Mercur (MG's risk aggregation system) showing monthly total positions 
for each metal in each entity.  You can fairly easily create tables and graph 
what you want to see.  We can talk today about getting a full deal download.
Tanya Tamarchenko
13/07/2000 22:45
Hi Andreas,
Here are the issues we would like to discuss on our Thursday meeting in NY:
1. Inputs for options valuation, in particular the origins of volatility 
curves;
2. Information on exotic options structures (existing & potential);
3. The data flow (are we going to get data from London or NY).
4a. Storage of positions information at  MG. How to extract the positions 
info from
MG database into spreadsheets.
4b. Existing positions structure for each metal.
5. Introduction to concentrates trading business, key personnel.
,
Tanya & Anjam
713 853 3997
Sheila,
I  am attaching the list of people who are top retention priority.
The list is in the spreadsheet and the names are in the highlighted cell
(red background).
I am also attaching the resume you asked for.
Vince
Bryan,
Thanks for your question and the message.
I shall let you know as soon as we have a date for the
next real options seminar.
Vince
Bryan Reinecke@
07/13/2000 03:13 PM
Thank you very much for your detailed answer to my question on e-Speak.  I 
find this area of study fascinating and would very much like to learn more It's interesting that you mentioned the Amram/Kulatilaka book because I'm 
reading it right now!  I've talked with my director, Terry Galassini about 
the possibility of taking your classes this fall and it looks good so far And I'd like to take you up on your offer of a set of binders on real options 
and energy industry applications. 
FYI, I'm a senior engineer in a facility planning group up here in Omaha 
although I obtained an MBA from the University of Houston a few years back The concepts of risk/reward and all of the financial tools available to hedge 
risk in financial markets have always tantalized me in their possible 
parallels in the gas industry.   My recent personal discovery of this area of 
real option valuation has further piqued my interest 
If you could, please add my name as a possible attendee to your fall 
presentations.  Thanks again for your e-Speak dialogue.
Bryan Reinecke
(402) 398-7622
Stinson,
Hedging with the underlying may be unconstitutional ever since
slavery has been abolished.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
07/13/2000 01:27 PM
Where's the beef?
Erik Simpson
07/13/2000 11:03 AM
While we are in process of building this business, it is interesting to see a 
quick write up McKinsey is promulgating on Options theory applied to TV and 
Seinfeld.
I thought you guys would be interested in reading this.
Erik Simpson
Erin,
Thanks
Vince
Vince:
I had a phone call from Joe Phelan late yesterday.  He was thrilled that you 
had answered his question so thoroughly.  I've talked to a few other people 
who really got a lot out of your session, including someone who wants to come 
work for you!
Thanks, again, for giving us some of your time.
- er
The file
Bill,
We spent about an hour  with Rick explaining the rationale behind different=20
solutions
and I think he has a better understanding of the models at this point.
I think he was asked by Jeremy to look into it.
Vince
Rick/Vince,
Should this not be a Credit/Research initiative while the business unit=20
focuses on originating good economic transactions?  Not to be complaining,=20
but shouldn't EES be focusing on infrastructure issues rather than waste=20
resources on a project we are already moving forward on?  You can't run a=20
portfolio model, unless you have deals in a risk system!  How complex do we=20
want these MODELS to be?  Behavioral implications on credit default?  They=20
still don't seem to understand.
,
Bill
Mark - please attend.  You may want to include Martin to help EES understand=20
the complexity of their deals.
Comments from Rick Jones on the credit reserve model. Anita Dupont is setting=20
up a meet with Rick Jones to discuss  these. Vince & Bill -  if you want to=20
join the meeting, please let me or Anita know.
,
Krishna.
Richard B Jones@EES
04/10/2001 04:16 PM
Richard B Jones
03/23/2001 05:53 PM
Hi everyone,
I have run the model and, along with the contract briefs I have some=20
questions & ideas. I was hoping to talk to each of you so I could avoid=20
writing this detailed, one-sided e-mail, but with our schedules being so=20
exclusive, this will have to do for now.
Every deal has its own model because of the commodity deal structure=20
complexity. So no aggregate results can be obtained without having the models=20
for each contract. However, the JC Penny=01,s version can serve as a testing=20
platform for some of the items I am mentioning below. I have not talked to=20
the people in research who are the most knowledgeable about the model, so=20
some of these comments may be mute points. I plan to do that went I get back.=20
1) Since the credit risk is developed for a time period, it makes sense to=20
regularly update the commodity data (and credit rating if its chaged) and=20
re-run the model for the time remaining.  I would expect this is done already.
2) The default probabilities seem not to change. That is, if the input credit=20
rating is E1, then the E1 default probability curve is used for the contract=20
period. For annual accounting that seems OK, but in MTM, it seems to me that=20
the credit analysis needs to take into consideration the credit rating=20
transition probabilities.  That is, the credit implications of companies=20
changing their credit rating during the contract period. with some=20
constraints imposed by actually slow credits appear to change would give a=20
more realistic view of our credit risk in the MTM world.
3) Are all "defaults" created equal to us? Look at OC. It seems to me that=20
the data used to develop the default probabilities are over different=20
business segments and are OK ----for that range of companies. However, we are=20
dealing with specific types of firms where "default" may not mean we do not=20
get paid. Sure we still have some credit risk, but it=01,s not like Montgomery=20
Ward=01,s where the lights are being turned off for good. Energy is so=20
fundamental for a company=01,s success and default actions can be used as a way=20
to save a company albeit in a different form.  So financial default does not=20
neccesarily mean default for EES commodity payments totally.
4) A while back someone said to me that may, maybe the people who reach for a=20
life preserver are more likely to live than those that don=01,t. By that I mean=20
that, perhaps our use of these default probabilities actually overstates the=20
credit risk in that if a company has at least enough proactive vision to=20
contract EES, then they are more likely to improve that one that doesn=01,t.=20
This is a type of behavioral variable that the data doesn=01,t consider. This=20
would be a useful MBA project to examine these types of corporate variables=20
and compare it to their credit rating forward curve.
5) This leads me to something I hope we can acomplish in the special finance=20
team. The contract briefs are, to me, the begimnning of this exercise.  If we=20
can combine our customers into "exposure group portfolios" (for lack of a=20
better term), where a group has similar "risk characteristics" beyind the=20
current parameter set, that we define, then this offers a potential to shop=20
some of these exposure to specialized insurance markets.
6) A technical point. Monte Carlo simulations are numerical experiments.=20
Besides the model assumptions, numerical experiments have three inherent=20
error attributes; the number of trials, numerical roundoff, and random number=20
generator randomness statistical properties. The first two are not a problem=20
in this application but the last one could be. Has anyone examined the effect=20
of using different random number generators on Enron=01,s aggregate credit risk?
7) There is one last point here. For most of the above points, the "improved"=20
analysis could make the credit risk be higher.=20
Rick=20
Kevin,
No problem.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
07/12/2000 01:20 PM
July 20th we will celebrate Shirley's birthday therefore I asked her
if she would mind if I ordered lunch for the staff meeting whereby she
can relax during that  time period. (without pressure to get the lunch ready)
On July 20th I would like too  have a different caterer for our lunch ,they 
will basically
serve the same menu with a different style hopefully the group will enjoy
the meal.
The menu will include : assorted sandwiches
chips
soup
Iced Tea
(vegetarian sandwiches included)
Please Vince, inform me if this is okay !
Thanks
Kevin Moore
F.Y.I.       the price range is very close to what Marriott charges per person
Stinson,
No problem.
Vince
Stinson Gibner
07/12/2000 11:26 AM
Vince,
Can I loan to Giuseppe my cell phone for the summer?
Stinson
I will be on the call. I may disconnect around 4:00 to attend the traders' 
daily meeting. 
A couple of issues:
1. Would it be possible to get Gappy a cell phone for the summer? He does not 
have a phone at home. I think the reason for avoiding installing a phone in 
his apartment is the increasing cost of his Houston stay.
2. It is getting noisier here. Gappy and I are wandering if we could get 
office space downstairs (that we share). We will maintain presence on 44, but 
we will be able to discuss when needed.
-Samer
John,
Like beauty, it's in the eye of the beholder.
My experience is that sometimes people with unconventional
backgrounds have most to offer.
Vince
John J Lavorato@
07/12/2000 09:50 AM
This is the most bizarre resume I've seen in a long time.
Erin,
Thanks.
Vince
Attached is the transcript of your eSpeak.  It was a great session!
Thanks!
- er
Yannis,
Yes, very much. Please stop by this week or  during the week
of the 24th. I am in Australia next week.
Vince
Erin,
A book by Martha Amram and Nalin Kulatilaka is an excellent
non-technical introduction to real options and it contains all the most 
important
references to more advanced books and papers.
The book has an endorsement  by Jeff Skilling on the cover page.
The Research Group offered  several one-day seminars on real options
and applications to the energy industry. We still have a few binders with
the presentation materials available if you are interested.
We plan to repeat the seminar sometimes in the fall.
The first part of the seminar (about 4 hours in the morning) covers general 
concept of real options
and their applicability to the energy business.
The second, more technical afternoon session, covers stochastic processes used
to model price uncertainty in the energy markets and specific case
studies (valuation of natural gas storage facilities and of peaking gas-fired 
power plants).
The real options approach has been developed specifically to address the 
problem of making
investment decisions under uncertainty. Nobody in this field claims that this 
is a
perfect tool, but it represents a significant progress compared to other 
techniques developed
earlier.
Discounted cash flow analysis that tries to incorporate uncertainty through
analysis of several, in most cases, arbitrary scenarios (most likely, 
optimistic,
pessimistic). These scenarios don't identify explicitly the risk drivers
and don't specify the future proactive management decisions.
The real, option approach is very powerful because it allows to (1) capture
uncertainty in an explicit way and  (2) to design investment projects that
allow to exploit future positive developments and reduce future exposures to 
downside risk.
This approach allows also create a link between investment decisions and 
future
operational decisions. Forward-looking investment decisions create options 
that are exercised
in the future through active management of a project.
The real options technology relies heavily on advanced statistical tools to 
come
up with the representation of future possible states of the world. The real 
challenge is
to use these tools in a sensible way. I have seen in my career (almost 30 
years
of applying mathematical tools to business and economic problems) many quants 
armed with 
powerful computers who reminded me of monkeys armed with hammers. The 
challenge is not
to run mechanically  thousands of simulations based on arbitrary assumptions
but to translate in a  creative   way the insights of people who understand 
specific  businesses
into parsimonious quantitative models. It is especially critical to 
stress-test the assumptions
of any model and to ask the question if the outcome of a model depends 
critically on any set of assumptions.
If this is the case one should use common sense to examine the underlying 
assumptions.
I remember that in the early eighties quite a few models simulated the 
dynamics of oil prices,
but all the stochastic scenarios represented fluctuations around a very 
optimistic  upward trend.
One would have been better off stepping back and asking a simple question 
what Economics 101
teaches about cartels and the dynamics of supply and demand.
Good news!  There is already a question waiting for your July 12 eSpeak 
session.  I have pasted it below, although you don't have to respond until 
the actual event.  Don't forget to send a bulleted list of discussion topics 
if you would still like us to advertise the event on the elevator screens.
Thanks.
- er
submitted by breineck
I was doing some reading about the application of real options in the 
evaluation of non-financial assets. Would you recommend any texts or articles 
for a 
more in-depth study of this area? Is quantification of risk or uncertainty 
the major challenge in using this concept? Can statistical tools be used with 
this to do 
a sort of sensitivity analysis 
Shirley,
Please mark these dates on my calendar.
Vince
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
Enron Managers, Directors, Vice Presidents and Managing Directors Who Utilize=20
the Associate/Analyst Pool
The Associate and Analyst Department has finalized fall recruiting dates.  An=20
important part of our recruiting effort is the final round of interviews=20
which are conducted here in the Enron Building on selected weekends during=20
October, November and December.   These are the famous =01&Super Saturdays=018.  =20
We invite you to attend and participate in this process.  We will need=20
approximately 50-75  volunteers for each Super Saturday to participate either=20
in the dinners on Friday night or in the interview process on Saturday.  More=20
information will be made available as we get closer to these dates.  Please=20
mark your calendars for the following Super Saturday weekends and=01(.
SAVE THESE DATES
October 28-29, 2000
November 3-4, 2000
November 10-11, 2000
November 17-18, 2000
December 1-2, 2000
December 9-10, 2000
Dale,
I started drafting the letter to John. I shall send you a cc later this week.
Vince
Dale Surbey
07/12/2000 01:11 AM
Vince,
I agree - I'll talk with Sherriff when he gets back to London next week.
- Dale
Vince J Kaminski
11/07/2000 20:49
Dale,
My recommendation is to make Steve the head of the research unit in London.
We were talking originally about September but I think we should accelerate 
this process.
Of course, Anjam will be very unhappy about it, but we cannot manage around 
him
any longer.
I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase.
I would like to offer him a significant increase that
goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility.
A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market.
We see the market for  technical people going through the roof in 
practically every location
where we operate.
A contract is not a good solution in my view. It creates a sense of false 
security for
both an employee and the company.
I shall send a message to John Sherriff with my recommendation. I shall cc 
you.
I would appreciate if you could bring it up with John as well.
Vince
Dale Surbey
07/11/2000 10:23 AM
Hi Vince,
HR is working on a mid-year salary review for London people that have a 
noticeable gap between their compensation at Enron and what we would have to 
pay in the market for a replacement.  They highlighted Steve as someone with 
a potential gap - particularly in light of what we're seeing in our quant 
recruiting effort for credit trading and research.
I'd like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep Steve happy and 
keep him at Enron.  There are several things I see we can do:
1)  Give him a mid-year pay increase to move him closer to market.  I'm not 
sure this is the best way to go, especially if we only offer him a token 
salary increase.
2)  Offer him more responsibility:  What are your thoughts on timing for 
making Steve the official head of the London research team?  With my move to 
EBS, should we accelerate this?  I think this is good way to keep him happy 
and motivated, and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at 
year-end (as part of the regular process) that takes into account his greater 
responsibility.
3)  We have some people that we're trying to get under long-term (3-yr) 
contract with a 12-month notice clause.  Obviously anyone signing one of 
these will want significant up-front compensation for being handcuffed We've not had a lot of success with these here in London, and I would prefer 
to keep Steve happy so he wants to stay with Enron rather than contractually 
binding him to the job.
I'd value your thoughts on this.
Thanks,
Dale
Bring AER
I am forwarding the resume of Wendell Licon who works for Enron
in the HR department (executive compensation). He used to be an
FX trader. I am thinking about moving him to research when his current boss
is ready to release him.
I think, however, that you
should take a look at him as well and see if he fits your needs.
Vince
Wendell Licon@
07/11/2000 04:04 PM
Vince,
Per your request, I've attached a copy of my resume.  Please let me know if 
you have any questions.
,
Wendell
Zhendong,
Thanks. Please,send me your updated resume as well.
Vince
Zhendong Xia  Hi, Dr. Kaminski:
I am Zhendong, the student of Dr. Deng. I think Dr. Deng has sent my
resume to you. I am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you
this summer.
I am a student in both MS qcf and Ph.d EDA programs in Georgia Tech
now. I plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my
graduation. So I intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my
degree to acquire some experience for my future career.
I hope to start on 5/14/2001 and end on 8/17/2001.
Thanks a lot.
Zhendong Xia
Georgia Institute of Technology
School of Industrial and Systems Engineering
Email:   dengie@isye.gatech.edu
dengie@sina.com
Tel  :   (H)404-8975103
(O)404-8944318
Beth,
I would appreciate it. See you at 11:45 tomorrow.
Vince
Yes Vince, I will drive and you are welcome to ride with me if you would 
like.  I can meet you in the lobby about 11:45 tomorrow.
Beth
Vince J Kaminski
07/11/2000 02:51 PM
Beth,
Thanks. You can always track me down on my cell phone
713 410 5396 in case I am MIA.
Also, will you drive? Please, let me know.
Vince
Try this Vince and I'm sorry!
Beth
The lunch with the Baylor professors will be tomorrow, July 12th, at 
Damian's.  The reservation is for 12:00 PM and you are welcome to meet us in 
the lobby around 11:45 or meet us at the restaurant.  Please let me know 
where we should look for you so we don't inadvertently leave you.
I look forward to seeing you all then and thanks for your support and 
participation.
Beth Miertschin
On Wednesday, July 12 Dr. John Martin, Chair of Finance Department, and Dr. 
Bill Petty, Chair of Entrepreneurship Department, of Baylor University will 
be at the Enron building to discuss future sponsorship of The Texas Finance 
Festival and to talk about recruiting 
They have asked me to invite all of you to lunch with us on that day so that 
they might have a chance to visit with you all as well.  Please let me know 
if you are available for lunch on July 12 at noon.
Al Arfsten  Please respond to arfsten@bflassociates.com
Vince:  I am in receipt of your package.  Thank you. I would like to
keep this information but think it should be rebundled and forwarded on
the Tim Luehrman.  However, if you could send a duplicate of what you
sent me to Tim Luehrman at PricewaterhouseCooper LLP; One Post Office
Square, Boston, MA 02109 via U.S. Mail, that would be great!  Let me
know if that is possible to do prior to your leaving for Australia.
Otherwise, I will send this one to him.  Have a good trip down under.
Al Arfsten BFL Associates Ltd. 713 965 2158
Tom Arnold  Hey Vince,
Thanks for your reply.  I'll see what becomes of the session and keep you
informed.  As to the paper, Tim Crack and I have a revised version of the
paper I gave you.  We have since found out that by using certainty
equivalence, our model is more robust.  For example, if one has an asset
pricing model that incorporates mean, variance, and skewness (Harvey and
Siddique, JF June, 2000) and a binomial model that incorporates mean,
variance, and skewness (Johnson, Paulukiewicz, and Mehta, RQFA, 1997), our
model allows you to price options under the real world measure.  The
benefit is that one can take all of the model parameters from historical
data that is non-risk neutralized.
From a pricing perspective, there isn't a tremendous benefit in a
mean-variance world (variance stays the same in risk neutral or risky
measure).  However,in the mean-variance-skewness world, there is a benefit
because we do not believe (although we're still hunting down an appropriate
cite) skewness is the same under risk-neutral and risky measure.  Given we
can only measure the skewness in our risky world, our model becomes much
more significant.
I would certainly appreciate comments on the version of the paper you
have and would also pass on the new version of the paper if you would like
to see it.
Thanks again,
Tom 
Rick,
The IT person Tanya would like to have dedicated to the MG effort is
Ganapathy Ramesh.
Vince
Tanya Tamarchenko
07/11/2000 02:41 PM
Vince,
Ramesh is he IT guy, who can help us with MG VAR.
Tanya.
Dale,
My recommendation is to make Steve the head of the research unit in London.
We were talking originally about September but I think we should accelerate 
this process.
Of course, Anjam will be very unhappy about it, but we cannot manage around 
him
any longer.
I think that the promotion should be combined with a salary increase.
I would like to offer him a significant increase that
goes with expanded responsibilities and much higher visibility.
A salary increase will also bring him closer to the market.
We see the market for  technical people going through the roof in 
practically every location
where we operate.
A contract is not a good solution in my view. It creates a sense of false 
security for
both an employee and the company.
I shall send a message to John Sherriff with my recommendation. I shall cc 
you.
I would appreciate if you could bring it up with John as well.
Vince
Dale Surbey
07/11/2000 10:23 AM
Hi Vince,
HR is working on a mid-year salary review for London people that have a 
noticeable gap between their compensation at Enron and what we would have to 
pay in the market for a replacement.  They highlighted Steve as someone with 
a potential gap - particularly in light of what we're seeing in our quant 
recruiting effort for credit trading and research.
I'd like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep Steve happy and 
keep him at Enron.  There are several things I see we can do:
1)  Give him a mid-year pay increase to move him closer to market.  I'm not 
sure this is the best way to go, especially if we only offer him a token 
salary increase.
2)  Offer him more responsibility:  What are your thoughts on timing for 
making Steve the official head of the London research team?  With my move to 
EBS, should we accelerate this?  I think this is good way to keep him happy 
and motivated, and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at 
year-end (as part of the regular process) that takes into account his greater 
responsibility.
3)  We have some people that we're trying to get under long-term (3-yr) 
contract with a 12-month notice clause.  Obviously anyone signing one of 
these will want significant up-front compensation for being handcuffed We've not had a lot of success with these here in London, and I would prefer 
to keep Steve happy so he wants to stay with Enron rather than contractually 
binding him to the job.
I'd value your thoughts on this.
Thanks,
Dale
Beth,
I cannot read this message.
Vince
Anita,
Thanks.
Vince
Anita DuPont@
07/11/2000 08:30 AM
FYI.   Whenever I make an appointment for you and enter it on your calendar, 
I will put my initials in parenthesis (ald) so you will know I made the 
appointment.  Anita
Steven Leppard
06/21/2000 04:13 AM
All
Attached in the latest version of my real options presentation, which I'll be 
presenting at a Real Options Group conference in Cambridge next month.
I've removed the gas storage pricing example, and instead put in a simple 
example to show that my method can reproduce decision tree approaches (should 
one wish to do so).  This is a response to the heavily decision-tree 
dominated approach taken by most people at the last conference I spoke at.  I 
want to demonstrate explicitly that my approach covers both decision tree and 
option pricing as special cases, the synthesis needed for correct real option 
valuation.
My presentation now covers:
1. Decision trees.
2. Binomial option pricing trees.
3. Power station valuation.
4. Power asset development.
The option pricing and power examples are based on the (too simplistic) 
binomial tree method.  I obviously won't indicate my thoughts on the most 
correct way to do this.
Steve
Tom,
Thanks for your message.
I shall be glad to attend the meeting (of course a lot may happen between 
now and then and we may have many unexpected developments
in a company as dynamic as Enron).
I want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper.
Vince
Tom Arnold  Hello Vince,
A colleague and I are hoping to have a panel discussion on energy
securities for the coming Eastern Finance Association Meetings (April
25-28, 2001 in Charleston, South Carolina).  I was wondering if you or
someone you know at Enron would be interested in participating in such a
meeting.  I realize that you may not be able to plan this far in advance
and would certainly not be offended in the least if you cannot participate.
We already appreciate you taking time out of your schedule this past
semester to visit LSU.
I hope all is going well and wish you continued success in your ventures,
Tom Arnold
Barbara,
My apologies. I was traveling and then we had the usual end of the quarter
pandemonium.
I am sending you my presentations and would like to get back to you with
some questions regarding your products.
Vince
Hello Vince,
?
Sorry to be a bother but do you have those materials from your  talk in May?
?
I look forward to hearing from you.
?
Thank You,
?
Barbara E. Brandfass, Chief of Business Development  
Panalytix, Inc., www.panalytix.com
212 974 1022, b@panalytix.com
Lance,
I could not open the attachment.
I concur with Vasant. We always face a challenge with summer interns: we 
don't want
to expose them to too much information. We typically look for a 
self-contained project 
and limit intern's access to additional information.
Vince
Hi Lance,
he looks very good.  How would you plan on using him?  My only concern about 
using a summer intern would be that I would not want him to learn all about 
Enron's operations in power trading and then go work somewhere else.  But if 
you think we can use him in a more generic manner where you give him 
specialized projects and you yourself deal directly with the traders, then 
that may be a possibility.  If you agree, let us check with Vince and then 
interview him.
Vasant
Vasant,
Attached is a resume for a candidate that might serve temporarily through the 
summer.  Maybe this could be a stop gap measure until we can locate a full 
time person.  I would anticipate him working as a summer intern. 
Lance 
Hi!
Thank you very much for your help.
Here is my resume.
Please let me know what should I do next as soon as possible.
Becasue I have several interview plans with other companies.
But I would like to work at Enron most.
So if I can get the job at Enron, I don't want to
hang around others.
Thank you again.
Youseok Son
Energy Systems, ECE
University of Texas, Austin
Email : ysson@mail.utexas.edu
Tel. : 512-471-4606
- myResume.doc  
Molly,
We would like to hire this person for the summer (standard offer).
Thanks.
Vince
Zhendong Xia  Hi, Dr. Kaminski:
I am Zhendong, the student of Dr. Deng. I think Dr. Deng has sent my
resume to you. I am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you
this summer.
I am a student in both MS qcf and Ph.d EDA programs in Georgia Tech
now. I plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my
graduation. So I intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my
degree to acquire some experience for my future career.
I hope to start on 5/14/2001 and end on 8/17/2001.
Thanks a lot.
Zhendong Xia
Georgia Institute of Technology
School of Industrial and Systems Engineering
Email:   dengie@isye.gatech.edu
dengie@sina.com
Tel  :   (H)404-8975103
(O)404-8944318
Chonawee,
There are many interesting papers on executive stock options.
Keep bugging me for them.
Vince
Chonawee Supatgiat@
07/10/2000 03:33 PM
Thank you, Vince. 
I understand this tax effect already when you explained it to me in your 
office this morning.
I agree with you that short-selling is not so good, especially for me, 
because I have 
a significant capital loss this year. I definitely don't want to increase my 
capital loss carry over.
(The short-selling idea might work for a person who wants to exercise his 
options and 
already has a huge capital gain this year. Unfortunately, it is not me.)
Thanks again for pointing this out.
The "employee stock option with taxes" problem sounds interesting. I will 
think more about it when I have free time.
-chonawee
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
07/10/2000 01:57 PM
Chonawee,
As I have pointed out, short-selling the stock may be a bad 
decision because of tax implications (ignoring the legal aspects).
Suppose the strike is $70 and you were granted an ATM option.
You  sell short at $70 ten lots (one lot  = 100 shares). The price goes to 
$100 You lose $30 x 1000 = $30,000 on your short position. Option exercise 
gives you $30,000. This is before taxes. You pay taxes
on your option income (it's treated as ordinary income). The tax is
28% x $30,000 = $8,400. You can use only $3,000 of your loss against
ordinary income. This saves you only $840 in taxes. 
Of course, if you have capital gains, you can use losses on your option 
position
as an offset.
The remaining part of your capital loss  is carried forward and you get the
tax benefits over time (less the time value of money), assuming you have 
income in the
future (or capital gains).
Not so good.
By the way, valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options
is a very interesting and difficult problem.
Vince
Chonawee Supatgiat@
07/10/2000 11:40 AM
Below is my writing that was originally planned to post somewhere. It 
explains how to handle a special type of call options which can be exercised 
but cannot be sold. (As we know that it is never optimal to exercise a call 
option before its maturity). However, after taking Vince's comments on the 
ordinary income/capital loss TAX offsetting issue, I think this is not a good 
article anymore. I guess I could just throw this article away -chonawee
Short-selling is better than exercising your employee stock options
In general, the sensible time to exercise your employee stock option is when 
you speculate that ENE is going down or its growth rate is extremely low. In 
fact, when exercising the options, you are speculating that ENE would never 
reach this point (plus interest) again during the 10 years maturity date or 
until you leave the company. If you do not anticipate that, you should hold 
on to your options because you can gain higher profit by delaying your 
exercise.
However, if you believe that ENE is reaching its peak. Then, instead of 
exercising the options, you should short-sell (or sell) the stocks in that 
amount. After short-selling, when you feel that the stock starts to go up, 
you can buy them back (to cover), make profit, and still keep the options. On 
the other hand, if the stock does not go down as expect, you can exercise the 
options to cover your short position anytime. 
Let us take a look at a simple case where there are no taxes, no dividends, 
and zero risk-free rate. Suppose that ENE follows a simple sample path as 
follow
If you exercise 100 ENE options with a grant price of 45 when ENE reaches 70, 
you would earn  (70-45)*100 = $2,500. But if you short sell 100 ENE at 70, no 
matter how much ENE is in the future, you can exercise the options to cover 
the short position and still earn (70-45)*100 = $2,500. The advantage of 
short-selling comes when ENE at the period 2 is 60. At this point, you can 
cover your short position, get (70-60)*100 = $1,000, and still keep your 
options or you can exercise the options and gain $2,500. That is, you still 
keep the flexibility of your options when you short-sell. In conclusion, the 
only sensible time to exercise your employee stock options is to cover your 
short position.
Shirley,
Please, register me for Friday.
Vince
Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
Please join us for one of the Executive Breakfasts at DePelchin Children=01,s=20
Center, our adopted agency for this year and one of the more than 80=20
community organizations supported by the United Way of the Texas Gulf Coast. =20
The Executive Breakfasts will focus on our 2000 campaign.  To reach our goal=20
of  $2,310,000, it will take the active leadership and support of each of=20
you. We look forward to seeing all of you at one of the breakfasts.=20
Event:  Executive Breakfast
Date:  Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton)
or
Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling)
Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m.
Location: DePelchin Children=01,s Center
100 Sandman (close to Memorial and Shepherd intersection)
=20
Transportation: Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street side)=20
promptly at 7:30 a.m.
NOTE: Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited onsite parking.=20
However, if you should need to drive, a map will be provided.
Please R.S.V.P. no later than Wednesday, July 26 to confirm your attendance=20
and bus transportation to Jessica Nunez=20
at 853-1918.
FYI
Vince
Monika McKay@
07/10/2000 02:32 PM
Attached please find the interview packet for the above-referenced person The interview will happen Tuesday, July 11, 2000.  Print all three documents 
for your hard copies.  If you have any questions, or conflicts of schedule, 
please do not hesitate to contact me.
Liz Alvarado
58983
Thanks. I want to subcribe (see the list below).
Vince Kaminski
This message has been automatically generated in response to your
mckinseyquarterly.com registration.
You requested notification about new articles in the categories
listed below. To confirm your enrollment, please reply to this
message and remove any/all characters that may preceed the
word Subscribe.
Subscribe ECONOMIC-PERFORMANCE
Subscribe RETAIL
Subscribe ENVIRONMENT
Subscribe COUNTRIES
Subscribe STRATEGY
Subscribe INTERVIEWS
Subscribe FINANCIAL-INSTITUTIONS
Subscribe ENERGY
Subscribe TELECOMMUNICATIONS
Subscribe CORPORATE-FINANCE
Subscribe ELECTRONIC-COMMERCE
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
07/10/2000 02:03 PM
Free Seminar: "Optimization Model for Capital Investment Decisions
Using Option Pricing", by INFORMS President John Birge
You are invited to attend a free, 45-minute online seminar on
"Optimization model for capital investment decisions using option
pricing".
When: Wednesday, July 19, at 2:00 PM EDT
Where: Right from your desktop! You can participate using your office
computer and telephone.
How 
Real-option valuation incorporates the opportunities a company may enjoy
using either new knowledge or changes in the marketplace for making
capital investments. The talk focuses on optimization models for
determining best investment levels and demonstrates how stochastic
(involving random variables) programs consider risk without creating
unwieldy formulations. Hear how Hewlett-Packard, Intel, and General
Motors are using this process successfully.
INFORMS President John Birge, Dean of the McCormick School of
Engineering and Applied Science at the Northwestern University in
Illinois, will give the seminar. John is a popular author and speaker
and during the past five years has been in demand for his talks on
stochastic programming and optimization.
Who should attend: OR analysts, strategic planners, financial analysts,
consultants and financial decision makers or anyone interested in
hearing about innovative, exciting, practical decision-making tools.
Shirley,
Here it is.
Vince
Chonawee,
As I have pointed out, short-selling the stock may be a bad 
decision because of tax implications (ignoring the legal aspects).
Suppose the strike is $70 and you were granted an ATM option.
You  sell short at $70 ten lots (one lot  = 100 shares). The price goes to 
$100 You lose $30 x 1000 = $30,000 on your short position. Option exercise 
gives you $30,000. This is before taxes. You pay taxes
on your option income (it's treated as ordinary income). The tax is
28% x $30,000 = $8,400. You can use only $3,000 of your loss against
ordinary income. This saves you only $840 in taxes. 
Of course, if you have capital gains, you can use losses on your option 
position
as an offset.
The remaining part of your capital loss  is carried forward and you get the
tax benefits over time (less the time value of money), assuming you have 
income in the
future (or capital gains).
Not so good.
By the way, valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options
is a very interesting and difficult problem.
Vince
Chonawee Supatgiat@
07/10/2000 11:40 AM
Below is my writing that was originally planned to post somewhere. It 
explains how to handle a special type of call options which can be exercised 
but cannot be sold. (As we know that it is never optimal to exercise a call 
option before its maturity). However, after taking Vince's comments on the 
ordinary income/capital loss TAX offsetting issue, I think this is not a good 
article anymore. I guess I could just throw this article away -chonawee
Short-selling is better than exercising your employee stock options
In general, the sensible time to exercise your employee stock option is when 
you speculate that ENE is going down or its growth rate is extremely low. In 
fact, when exercising the options, you are speculating that ENE would never 
reach this point (plus interest) again during the 10 years maturity date or 
until you leave the company. If you do not anticipate that, you should hold 
on to your options because you can gain higher profit by delaying your 
exercise.
However, if you believe that ENE is reaching its peak. Then, instead of 
exercising the options, you should short-sell (or sell) the stocks in that 
amount. After short-selling, when you feel that the stock starts to go up, 
you can buy them back (to cover), make profit, and still keep the options. On 
the other hand, if the stock does not go down as expect, you can exercise the 
options to cover your short position anytime. 
Let us take a look at a simple case where there are no taxes, no dividends, 
and zero risk-free rate. Suppose that ENE follows a simple sample path as 
follow
If you exercise 100 ENE options with a grant price of 45 when ENE reaches 70, 
you would earn  (70-45)*100 = $2,500. But if you short sell 100 ENE at 70, no 
matter how much ENE is in the future, you can exercise the options to cover 
the short position and still earn (70-45)*100 = $2,500. The advantage of 
short-selling comes when ENE at the period 2 is 60. At this point, you can 
cover your short position, get (70-60)*100 = $1,000, and still keep your 
options or you can exercise the options and gain $2,500. That is, you still 
keep the flexibility of your options when you short-sell. In conclusion, the 
only sensible time to exercise your employee stock options is to cover your 
short position.
SAP
P00503778
Allen,
Let me try again.
Vince
Angelika.
Yes.
Vince
Angelika Staude  Vince,
Brilliant, thanks. Same sub points, same bio?
,
Angelika Staude
Director Gas & PoweRisk 2001
Tel: 0044 207 915 5675
Fax: 0044 207 915 5101
www.icbi-uk.com/powerisk
Angelika,
Thanks for the invitation.
Yes, I shall be glad to attend and repeat the same presentation.
Vince
Angelika Staude  
PoweRisk 2001
The Global Premier ForumforEnergy Trading & Risk  Management
?6th - 9th November  2001, Paris
Dear Mr Kaminski,
I am responsible for the programme of this year's  PoweRisk conference in
Paris. Helyette Geman has informed me that she has  contacted you
concerning the workshop and that you are happy to do it with her  again
this year - brilliant!
I would like to know if you are also interested in  delivering a paper
again. The audience in previous years greatly appreciated  your
contribution, and I would me more than happy if you could join us again.
To give you an idea of the programme so far, these are  the ("technical")
topics that are already covered:
Chris  Strickland: Forward Curve Models with Jumps for the Pricing of
Exotic Energy  Contracts
multi-factor forward  curve models for the valuation of energy contracts
adding jumps
applying the models to  exotic energy options
extensions to multiple  energy contracts
Les  Clewlow: Valuation and Risk Management of Virtual Power Stations and
Gas  Supply Agreements
Structures of  Gas Supply Agreements (GSA)
Relationships  between Physical and Virtual Power Stations (PPS/VPS)
Valuation  methods for GSA's and VPS's
Risk Analysis of GSA's  and VPS's
Derek Bunn, Professor of Decision  Sciences, LONDON BUSINESS SCHOOL:
Analysing The Impact Of NETA On  Market Efficiency & Volatility In The UK
Energy  Market
Chris Harris,  Director of Market Development.Operations and Engineering,
INNOGY: Applying  Cutting-Edge Portfolio Management Theory In Order To
Optimise Your Risk Exposure
Establishing  and valuing the key factors using a bottom up approach
Looking at  the interconnection between key factors
The treatment of the risk  of infrequent but high impact events
Peter  Nance, Principal, TEKNECON: Combining Power  Systems And Monte Carlo
Simulations For Effective  Pricing
Dan  Mansfeld, Head of Risk  Control,  VATTENFALL:  Assessing The Benefits
And Risks Of Using  Derivatives As Part Of Your Risk Management Strategy
Spyros  Maragos: Analysing New Approaches To Building Forward Curves From
Available  Market Data
Tamara  Weinert, Credit and Contracts  Manager, MIRANT  ENERGY:
Successfully Measuring & Managing Credit  Risk
What is  Credit Risk?
Major changes  in the industry and their impact on Credit Risk
Effects of  new risk profiles on credit appetite: Credit analysis; Limit
Setting; Risk  Reducing Structures
Importance of Credit in  the Organizational Structure: Reporting;
Dependence; Structure of Credit  Department
Brett  Humphreys: Examining Cutting-Edge Credit Exposure Mitigation Tools:
Combining  Counterparty and Portfolio Credit VaR Techniques
Helyette Geman: Pricing of exotic energy derivatives and structured
contracts
Please let me know if you are interested  in joining the PoweRisk 2001
speaker panel, and which topic you would like to  cover. I think that
something along the lines of last year's talk (State-of-the-Art Volatility
And Correlation Estimation  Techniques For Multiple Energy Portfolios)
would be brilliant again, but please  feel free to chose something else
that has not been covered  yet.
I look forward to hearing  from you,
Kind Angelika  Staude
Director?PoweRisk  2001
Tel: 0044 207 915  5675
Fax: 0044 207 915  5101
PS: For your information, please find enclosed a list  of confirmed
speakers for PoweRisk 2001.
(See attached file: Confirmed Speakers.doc)
Shirley,
Do you have a logo we can use? Plz, fwd it to her.
Vince
Barbara Ostdiek  Vince:
Our PR staff has put together a great design for the Finance Seminar
mugs.  We need to get a clean copy of the Enron logo, if possible.  The
design is in Adobe Pagemaker if your people can find a logo that can be
pulled into that format.  They can send it directly to me and I will make
sure it gets to the right place.
Thanks so much.
bbo
Mike, Craig, Lucy,
No problem. The last Issue I have is June. GD may have been referring to
the July issue. We can ask Ed on Wednesday. I would also take his advice
with a grain of salt.
Vince
Vince-
Craig Braislau and Lucy Ortiz saw ESAI write-up in Gas Daily today.
They called and found out Ed Kraples was planning to visit with you this 
Wednesday
Wanted to know if they could join meeting 
They would like a copy of the latest Natural Gas Stockwatch
do you have it?
thanks
- - - Mike
Julian Rose
15 Greenwich Hills Drive
Greenwich, CT 06831
Phone:  (203) 531 0691 (h) 
Shirley,
Please, forward to the Research Group and confirm I shall come.
Vince
Anthony Dayao
07/10/2000 10:07 AM
Cherylene R Westbrook
07/06/2000 04:47 PM
Assistants:
Please forward to your groups ASAP.
Thanks,
Cheri x3-6477
Margaret,
Thanks.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
07/10/2000 08:20 AM
In  case you have not  yet  seen.Margaret
"Alerts@cera.com" <alerts on 07/07/2000 03:37:55 PM
European Gas CERA Alert: Signposts to a High Demand Path for Natural Gas: The 
Large Combustion Plant Directive and German Nuclear Phaseout
Abstract 
Two unrelated developments at the end of June both point in the direction of 
a long-term high demand growth path for natural gas in Europe, consistent 
with CERA's Blue Gold scenario. Both the approval of the Large Combustion 
Plant Directive by EU environment ministers and the agreement on German 
nuclear phaseout between the German government and industry could involve the 
early removal of existing, low-cost generating plants from the European power 
capital stock in the 2010-15 time period and their subsequent replacement by 
natural gas-fired turbines.
**end 
Please see attachment for complete Alert. 
NOTE: The attached file is a PDF document. 
To view this file, you need the Adobe Acrobat reader installed on your 
computer. 
This software is available free of charge at 
- eg0707.pdf
Joe,
In case you have not seen it.
Vince
Margaret Carson@
07/10/2000 08:20 AM
In  case you have not  yet  seen.Margaret
"Alerts@cera.com" <alerts on 07/07/2000 03:37:55 PM
European Gas CERA Alert: Signposts to a High Demand Path for Natural Gas: The 
Large Combustion Plant Directive and German Nuclear Phaseout
Abstract 
Two unrelated developments at the end of June both point in the direction of 
a long-term high demand growth path for natural gas in Europe, consistent 
with CERA's Blue Gold scenario. Both the approval of the Large Combustion 
Plant Directive by EU environment ministers and the agreement on German 
nuclear phaseout between the German government and industry could involve the 
early removal of existing, low-cost generating plants from the European power 
capital stock in the 2010-15 time period and their subsequent replacement by 
natural gas-fired turbines.
**end 
Please see attachment for complete Alert. 
NOTE: The attached file is a PDF document. 
To view this file, you need the Adobe Acrobat reader installed on your 
computer. 
This software is available free of charge at 
- eg0707.pdf
Kevin,
Yes, I am available. Please send a resume to Shirley Crenshaw.
Shirley will call you to set up the time.
Vince 
I am trying to schedule an interview with a gentleman who is currently a 
professor at Rice.  We are interested in possibly hiring him in a research 
capacity in the Coal and Emissions group.  Would you have time to interview 
him tom'w?  Let me know if you can.
Thank you
Kevin McGowan x-3-7499
Shirley,
Please, put Oleg Bodnar on Jeff Shankman's and John Arnold's schedules
for an interview. He should be already on John Lavorato's schedule.
Vince
MAKFOTS@aol.com on 07/10/2000 01:55:32 AM
Here is the RFC that was written in 1994 about the Internet of 2020 I
mentioned.
I hope you find it as enlightening as I did, and enjoy it as well.
<A HREF here 
MAK
Sam,
Which one? Can you send it to me?
Vince
Good Morning, Vince!
Is Zimin's article okay for Technical Corner today?
Sam
FYI
Vince
evan@syncrasy.com on 04/12/2001 01:31:37 PM
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE][IMAGE]
=20
Syncrasy, LLC=01v=20
713.228.8470 Off =20
713.228.4147 Fax=20
909 Texas Avenue   =20
Suite 1314    =20
Houston, TX 77002=20
www.syncrasy.com=20
Sales:                 =20
713.228.4407=20
Development Offices: =20
970.247.4139 Off =20
970.247.7951 Fax=20
835 Main Avenue     =20
Suite 221      =20
Durango, CO 81301  =09
=09
=09
=09Is your Company financially susceptible  to weather fluctuations?
=09
=09??????????? [IMAGE]Syncrasy=01,s Weather Analysis Tool (SWAT=01vwill help.
=09
=09Does weather forecast uncertainty  slow the speed=20
=09at which your business makes decisions?
=09
=09??????????? [IMAGE]Examine Syncrasy=01,s application Forecast Analysis and=20
Confidence Trading System (FACTS=01v
=09
=09How accurate is your current weather information?
=09
=09??????????? [IMAGE]Examine Syncrasy=01,s application Weather Analysis and Vendor=20
Evaluation System (WAVES=01v
=09
=09?
=09
=09How timely is your current weather information?
=09
=09??????????? [IMAGE]Examine Syncrasy=01,s Model Status page.
=09
=09?
=09
=09
=09
=09
=09SPOT WEATHER ANOMOLIES QUICKLY
=09
=09Using Syncrasy's proprietary visualization tools, a user can quickly compare=20
the output of up to 4 weather forecasting models for a specific time period.=20
Syncrasy's visualization tool projects each model over an identical national=20
grid, and a zoom feature allows synchronized zooming into any particular=20
region of the continental US. For an example, view the Multi-Panel Graphic=01v=20
on our website.=20
=09
=09?=20
=09[IMAGE]
=09
=09QUANTIFY YOUR WEATHER RISK=20
=09
=09
=09
=09[IMAGE]
=09
=09Syncrasy provides individual forecasts for over 1,600 weather stations in the=20
continental US. For any one of these stations, you can compare all 14 weather=20
forecasts side-by-side either to gain statistical confidence in a particular=20
outcome or to quantify the weather risk of a specific forecast.  If you rely=20
on weather forecasts, you should be aware of the extent to which all 14=20
forecasts agree (or disagree) with each other. For an example, visit=20
Syncrasy's  Forecast Analysis and Confidence Trading System (FACTS)=01v on our=20
website.=20
=09
=09WHICH WEATHER FORECAST IS MORE ACCURATE?
=09
=09Discover which weather forecast has been historically the most accurate for a=20
particular city over any selected time period (such as last week, month,=20
season, etc.). Refine your analysis with data filters.  For example, use a=20
filter to determine which of the weather forecasting models is most accurate=20
when actual temperatures are greater than 90 degrees, or when temperatures=20
change more than 10 degrees within an hour.  For an example, see Syncrasy's =20
Weather Accuracy & Vendor Evaluation System (WAVES)=01v on our website.=20
=09
=09CONDUCT DETAILED, PRECISE ANALYSES USING "DIFFERENCE GRAPHICS"
=09
=09
=09
=09
=09"Difference Graphics" refers to the spatially calculated difference for a=20
single output. Difference Graphics allows a user to analyze discrepancies=20
between any 2 weather forecasting models for any time period.  For example,=20
using Difference Graphics, a user can view the difference in surface=20
temperature between "Weather Vendor A" and "Weather Vendor B" across the US=20
for tomorrow at 2pm.  A user could also view how "Weather Vendor A" has=20
changed since the prior forecast. For an example visit Syncrasy's  =20
Difference Graphics.=20
=09?=20
=09 [IMAGE]
=09
=09
=09
=09?=20
=09
=09
=09ENHANCE YOUR WEATHER COMPARISONS TO INCLUDE TRAILING AVERAGES
=09
=09The meteorological community frequently relies on one dataset for comparative=20
purposes: the "30 year average." This "30 year average," however, may not be=20
an ideal comparison as it is defined as the 30 year average over the period=20
from 1961 to 1990. Syncrasy broadens the user's information by including=20
options allowing users to compare any weather forecast to the trailing 30,=20
15, 10, or 5 year averages. =20
=09
=09A REAL COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE: YOU HAVE THE INFORMATION FIRST!=20
=09
=09
=09
=09 [IMAGE] =20
=09?=20
=09
=09Syncrasy's"Mach-5" technique expeditiously reports information to users in=20
advance of typical weather data feeds which may experience bottlenecks during=20
peak traffic (or rely on slower satellite communication). To prove Syncrasy's=20
superior reporting speed, our system allows users to test our reporting speed=20
for themselves by comparing our time stamps to that of their best alternative=20
weather data source. Syncrasy records the time at which each weather forecast=20
is available on Syncrasy's system (timestamp in dark green) as well as the=20
anticipated time the weather forecast should update (timestamp in black).=20
Users will find our data reports FIRST offering them a valuable competitive=20
advantage! For an example, visit Syncrasy's  Model Status.=20
=09
=09
=09Syncrasy=01,s Weather Analysis Tool (SWAT=01v
=09
=09SWAT=01v collects timely and comprehensive  meteorologically diverse weather=20
forecasts  from multiple forecasting groups, such as National Weather=20
Service, universities, armed services, NASA and other research oriented=20
institutions.  The data is integrated into a single analysis platform.  This=20
platform includes a number of tools which may be useful to a trader and/or=20
meteorologist.  For example, SWAT=01v assists users in the following tasks: =20
identifying and quantifying weather risk for some future time period;=20
tracking the historical performance of different weather forecasting=20
methodologies; and, creating a proprietary forecast.=20
=09
=09SWAT=01vcurrently collects  14 forecasts covering next hour through 16 days in=20
the future.  This data (and risk analysis) is available on the SWAT=01vbefore=20
most companies (especially those companies that depend on traditional=20
satellite links).  All these weather forecasts can be viewed graphically (as=20
a national view or hemispheric view, were applicable) or viewed in a tabular=20
format.=20
=09
=09SWAT=01vFEATURES:
=09
=09Compare SWAT features to other products in the marketplace. =20
=09
=09SYNCRASY=01vis designed for use by:
=09
=09    Meteorologists  ????    Power Analysts   ????    Power Traders   ????   =20
Risk Management    ????   Executives=20
=09
=09At Syncrasy=01vwe believe our system to be the only available service of its=20
kind. Our research has found no other data source as comprehensive for=20
statistical analysis of weather forecast performance. As a Subscriber to our=20
service, you will have use of cutting edge technology at your fingertips. It=20
is fast, reliable, and easy to use.=20
=09
=09SUBSCRIBE TODAY!    Sales Office  713-228-4407   or    Online at=20
www.syncrasy.com =20
=09
=09
=09
=09
=09[IMAGE]
=09=20
=09
=09 909 Texas Ave., Suite 1314  =20
=09  713.228.8470  Main =20
=09   www.syncrasy.com=20
=09  835 Main Ave., Suite 221 =20
=09   970.247.4139 Main =20
=09 Houston, TX  77002=20
=09 713.228.4147  Fax=20
=09
=09Durango, CO  81301=20
=09  970.247.7951 Fax=20
=09
=09 713.228.4407  Sales =20
=09
=09
=09
=09=20
=09
Ronnie,
The file.
Vince
Beth,
I could not access the document.
Vince
Sevil,
Grab me on Monday.
Vince
Sevil Yaman@
07/07/2000 01:33 PM
Hi Vince,
Can we talk about the bidding study that I am working on anytime on Monday? I 
may need some more direction to move on. Thanks.
Sevil,
Shirley,
Let's act on it.
Vince
Zimin Lu
07/07/2000 01:51 PM
Vince,
We had phone interview with Rabi De.  My impression is good. We should invite 
him for a formal interview.
He is a hands on person with wide range of experience ( energy financing, 
derivatives trading, hedging, etc).
He communicates very well and expressed interest in financial engineering modeling.
Zimin
Toni,
Thanks.
Vince
Vince Iris Mack finally returned my call.   Her message said she had been in 
California on a job interview and it looks like she may take the 
position.      I will contact her to get the details and confirm if she is 
off the market. 
Toni Graham
Staffing Consultant
fyi.  Can you look in to this for him?
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
06/16/2000 10:14 AM
Teresa,
I would like to invite Iris for an interview in Houston.
She works currently in London Can you call her
and ask when she is planning to visit the States.
We could pay the airfare from a location in the States.
I would hate to pay the 1st class ticket from London to Houston,
though I would go for it, if necessary (I don't
want a candidate to think that we are that cheap).
Business class is a standard
for business related, cross-Atlantic flights. 
I would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue.
Thanks 
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
06/12/2000 03:51 PM
Iris,
At this point it's my group: Research, i.e. Quantitative Modeling.
Please, let me know what your interests are and I shall try to line up
other groups for the interview.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/09/2000 02:33:50 AM
Hi,
I will be out of the country until Wednesday afternoon - London time.
Maybe we can chat then.
Also, could you please tell me about the group(s) that are interested in
speaking with me.
Thanks,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
Leaving for Ca in a few minutes. I shall get back to you Monday.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/06/2000 10:36:46 AM
Hi,
Thanks for your email.  Begining of July - what about July 4th week?
Could you give me a bit more info regarding the best days for you and
your
colleagues.
Thanks,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
The beginning of July would be better for us. Please, let me know what
is your availability.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 06/06/2000 02:30:49 AM
Hi,
Thank you for your email.  How many days do we need?
I have checked my calendar.and think that I should be able to come on
Monday June 19th (Tuesday June 20th - if you need more than one day 
I can fly from London to Houston during the following weekend to
arrive in
time for Monday morning.
Let me know if these days are good for you and your colleagues.
,
Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
We can invite you for an interview to Houston.
What would be a  the time  for you?
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 05/25/2000 11:32:04 AM
Hi,
Thank you for your prompt response.  I am interested in any contacts
you
may have in your rolodex.
Also, I would be opened to talk to Enron as well.  Please let me know
more
details.
Kind Iris
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
I shall go through my Rolodex and try to find some good leads for you. I
left
investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast.
Alternatively, would you be interested in a company like Enron
or another energy company in Houston?
Please, let me know.
Vince
iris.mack@bnpparibas.com on 05/25/2000 09:20:01 AM
Hi,
How are you?  Thank you kindly for your email.  Sorry I have not
responded
sooner.
Currently I am working in Derivatives Structured Products and Risk
Management at BNP Paribas in London.  Although I currently enjoy living and
working in London, I may need to return to the states - because of my
mother's
failing health.
Do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that I may
forward my
details to?
For your information, I have attached my CV.  (Please see attached
file:
Iris Marie Mack.doc).
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.
Kind Iris Mack
44 (0)20  7595 8665 (work)
44 (0)20  7229 9986 (home)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
Internet
bcc:
Iris,
Please, feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes.
I shall be glad to chat with you.
Vince
iris.mack@paribas.com on 03/30/2000 02:24:27 AM
Dear Dr. Kaminski,
How are you?  It was nice to meet you at the Real Options conference
in
NYC.
I was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk.  In
particular, by your use of real options to hedge financial options.  This
is
something I am interested in as well.
When you have some time, could we chat about this topic in a bit more
detail?
and consideration.  Hope to hear from you soon.
,
Iris Mack
This message is confidential; its contents do not constitute a
commitment by BNP Paribas Group* except where provided
for in a written agreement between you and BNP Paribas Group*.
Any unauthorised disclosure, use or dissemination, either
whole or partial, is prohibited. If you are not the intended
recipient of the message, please notify the sender immediately.
*BNP Paribas Group  is a trading name of BNP SA and Paribas SA
Ce message est confidentiel; son contenu ne represente en
aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe BNP Paribas*
sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le
groupe BNP Paribas*. Toute publication, utilisation ou diffusion,
meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. Si vous n'etes
pas destinataire de ce message, merci d'en avertir immediatement
l'expediteur.
*Le groupe BNP Paribas est le nom commercial utilise par BNP SA et Paribas
SA
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
(See attached file: Iris Marie Mack.doc)
- Iris Marie Mack.doc
Lloyd,
Yes, this would be very useful. I was told that we should not do any official 
business with
MG until July 15. I don't want to violate those rules of engagement and go 
beyond casual contacts.
After the 15th all the stops are off.
Vince
No problem - I do think this could wait until MG are more closely integrated 
in any case.   A useful first step might be an email to relevant trading 
staff at MG outlining briefly what Maureen does and how she can provide a 
service to them.  Would you like me to send her a list of potential people to 
email?
Lloyd
Vince J Kaminski
06/07/2000 23:39
Lloyd,
I think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead.
I don't see a  justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we 
have an alternative solution.
Vince
Vince
I met Maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within 
Enron.  I think it would be very helpful to promote the Research group 
function of the company, particularly given Maureen's background,  if she 
could be introduced to some of the main traders down at MG.  Unfortunately 
she won't have time to meet with MG unless we can schedule some meetings on 
Monday.
Would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till Monday to allow the 
meetings to take place?
Al Arfsten  Please respond to arfsten@bflassociates.com
Vince:  I very much enjoyed getting to know more about you yesterday
morning.  When do you return from Australia?  I would like to arrange
for you, I, and Tim Luehrman to meet so that you can learn more about he
and his vision and the possibilities laying ahead for PwC and its global
Financial Advisory Services practice.   I briefly talked with Tim and he
very much would enjoy receiving a copy of the publication in which you
referenced his tomato field model.  Can you send it to me by
"attachment" file?  Also, your resume and other info you might provide?
I   again soon or at least upon your return from
Australia.   , Al Arfsten
SS #
zqy6f958
Liz Purcell
Phone: (713) 582 3707
Lloyd,
I think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead.
I don't see a  justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we 
have an alternative solution.
Vince
Vince
I met Maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within 
Enron.  I think it would be very helpful to promote the Research group 
function of the company, particularly given Maureen's background,  if she 
could be introduced to some of the main traders down at MG.  Unfortunately 
she won't have time to meet with MG unless we can schedule some meetings on 
Monday.
Would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till Monday to allow the 
meetings to take place?
Confirmed
Vince Kaminski
"Energy News Live Daily Update Confirmation from Lyris ListManager" 
PM
Please respond to "Energy News Live Daily Update Confirmation from Lyris 
ListManager"  Please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to
enl-dailyupdate-txt.
Your email address has been entered for a subscription to the
enl-dailyupdate-txt mailing list. However, your new subscription requires
a confirmation that you received this email message and want
to join this mailing list.
If you do not want to join, do nothing.  You will be automatically
removed.
To confirm that you do want to join, simply reply to this message.
Make sure that your message is addressed to
lyris-confirm-13662E@estutenws11.energy.williams.com
To unsubscribe immediately, you send an email message to
leave-enl-dailyupdate-txt-13662E@estutenws11.energy.williams.com
Hi Van,
Thanks for your message.
Please, stop by and say Hello.
Vince
Van T Ngo                06/30/2000 04:03 PM
Vince, I know we've run by each other a couple times but I haven't had a real 
chance to talk with you.  I just wanted to let you know how my summer is 
progressing, and it's going well.  I'm sitting on 29 now, with CTG in the 
Coal Group.  I'm always glad to see some familiar faces from Research and 
would love to visit with you.  I'll try to drop by and catch you next week 
sometime, if you're here.
I hope you have a great weekend.  I'm getting together with a group of 
friends this coming Monday and going to see a baseball game at Enron Field on 
the 4th.  It should be fun, even though the Astros will be losing again.
Take care,
Van
enron
stros00
Brenda,
What test are we supposed to carry out?
Is Monday next week OK?
Vince
Hello ,
I am on the QA team for the Win2k roll-out.  We need your help in testing 
"ALCAR" in a Windows 2000 environment.
This testing is crucial to the success of converting all PC's from NT4 to 
Windows 2000.  We ask that you make an appointment to come to our offices 
(EB2224B) to preform the test.  It  should not take more than 15 minutes Please e-mail me as soon as possible.
Thanks,
Brenda Cassel
QA - W2k
x36226
Jana,
Friday, July 28th works for us. We can work out details
closer to the 28th.  If you take  Hardy Toll Road, you will need about 40-45 
minutes
to get to the Woodlands on Friday after 6:00 p.m. I shall send you detailed 
directions
later.
Look forward to seeing you again.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 07/06/2000 09:07:09 AM
Vince,
Sorry it has taken me awhile to get back to you.  We were trying to sort out
our plans.
How does Friday, July 28 look?  Does it take about an  hour to get up there?
thanks
Jana
Correction,
Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.
Vince Kaminski
The eThink Team
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us.  The response 
was tremendous and, in some cases, very creative.  Your fellow employees 
asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush.  In all, we received 
requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event.  We thought 
you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've 
provided a sampling of the suggestions below.  Here are the top ten most 
requested eSpeakers.
10.  Jack Welch, CEO, General Motors 
9.  Scott McNeally, CEO, Sun Microsystems 
8.  Satisfied Enron Customers
7.  Stephen Covey, author, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People
6.  Oprah Winfrey, talkshow host
5.  General Colin Powell, former Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, U.S.A. 
4.  Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Federal Reserve, U.S.A.
3.  Former U.S. President George Bush 
2.  Bill Gates, CEO, Microsoft 
1.  Texas Governor George W. Bush
While we can't make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least 
some of these special guests.  If you have any contacts who could help us get 
in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@ Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak.
There were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well.  Those requests 
should be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our 
colleagues can be quite a task!
Thank you all for your participation.
Dale,
Confirmed.
Vince
Vince:
7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect. I will see you in the lobby
at 7am.
, Dale
Dale,
Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day).
What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00? We can meet
at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street).
Vince
Vince:
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?  That
would be particularly convenient for me.  I will have to leave downtown at
about 945 to catch a plane.  That will ensure that I wont take up too much
of your time!!  Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient
with me.
Dale Nesbitt
FYI
Vince
sold! I'll initiate the call.
Ed,
Thursday works for  me. What about 10:30  my time?
Vince
Please respond to  
how about Thursday, July 6?
Ed,
A correction. I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review)
on Friday, July 7. Can we do on another day
Vince
Please respond to  
I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone. OK?
Ed,
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
Vince
Please respond to  
Vince,
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
Ed
Ed,
July 12, 2:30 it is. I would like the pre-meeting site cruise.
How can we arrange it?
Vince
Please respond to  
Vince,
We're all set for 2:30 on July 12. How about a pre-meeting web site cruise
on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
Ed
Ed,
Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.
I shall be glad to review your website www.weathereffects.com. I shall invite some
people who work on electricity in
my group to join me.
Vince
Please respond to  
Vince,
Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available. How is Wednesday at
2:30?
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality. I was unable to
say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because
of deadline pressures. How is the site doing? I am intrigued by the
competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman,
Morgan, BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours. Talk
about a shotgun marriage!
If we have time next week, I could step you through our website www.weathereffects.com. I'm very proud of what we've done. I can't give out
a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the
phone using my password. It's a very ambitious site -- with state-of-the-art
WSI weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a good load model for
PJM and NEPOOL. ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity
judgments, and "herding" ideas to develop power price forecasts for same
time periods. After one month's full-bore effort, I'm pleased with the
results (e.g., we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $43 and it turned out $46).
Have a great weekend.
Ed
Ed,
I shall be available on both days. What about Wednesday,
July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00. Please, let me know
what time would work for you.
It will be nice to see you again.
Vince
P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL?
Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
Dear Vince,
I will be returning to Houston during the  week of July 10.
ESAI and Weather Services International have launched -- after more than 18
months of R&D --  our service, called Energycast Power Trader and Energycast
Gas Trader, for power traders in Nepool and PJM. I would be happy to review
the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site. Are you
available on July 12 - 13?
Sincerely,
Ed Krapels
Dear FT.com user
With more ways to get news on the move and a new ranking of MBA courses,
there is much for the business-obsessed on FT.com this month.
*     Customised text messages with industry updates and breaking
news alerts (UK Vodafone users only)
*     Daily FT.com summaries for your handheld computer
*     Research on-the-go with our new WAP site
Sign up or read more at:
People includes dossiers, people on the move, obituaries and our exclusive
"lunch with the FT" interviews (this week Princess Hisako of Takamado,
last week Kurt Vonnegut).
For details about FT.com's new WAP service:
,
FT.com
*this quote was from Marjorie Scardino, CEO Pearson plc.
Why not forward this e-mail to a friend or colleague who may
find this information useful?
If you no longer wish to receive further e-mails from FT.com,
please send an e-mail to ft.com.unsubscribe@newsbyemail.ft.com
with the single word "unsubscribe" as the subject of the
message. Your name will then be removed from our mailing
list.
If you have forgotten your password for FT.com visit:
Paul, Raymond,
Thanks for your message. 
Sorry I did not get in touch  with you earlier. The last few weeks were very 
hectic. I am starting 
right now my preparations for the presentation I am going to give at the 
conference.
Here are the details of my itinerary (I shall send you a copy tomorrow). I 
arrive Sunday morning
and leave Saturday morning. The conference takes place on Monday and Tuesday. 
On Wednesday, I am making a presentation at the workshop on value-at-risk. I 
would
like to stay at the conference for the duration: it's a great learning 
opportunity for me.
On Thursday and Friday, as well as in the evenings (except for the evening
of July 18), I am at you disposal.
I would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as I can
about the Australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda.
I shall be glad to make several presentation.
I can repeat my workshop presentation on value-at-risk as well as cover 
additional
topics. 
Vince
Paul Quilkey@_DEVELOPMENT
07/04/2000 05:23 AM
Vince
I support Raymond's email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give 
a presentation (formal or informal) to the trading group on latest research 
initiatives in Houston.  Please let us know your schedule so that we do not 
overly burden you during your visit.  Look forward to seeing you and catching 
up over a beer.
Thnx
Paul
Raymond Yeow
07/04/2000 08:21 PM
Dear Vince,
Hi !, it's only two weeks until the Aust Energy Risk (17-19 July ) seminar in 
Sydney.
Is RISK organising your hotel ?
Otherwise, Kirsty can organise for you, 
eg harbour vIew at the Regent or convenience to the seminar location at the 
Sheraton ?
We would like to make sure that you have all the necessary "comforts" of home 
when you are with us,
Elliott & David can set up a desk for you in the office/trading room with  
phone etc 
so you can use one of our PC to access email or plug in your laptop.
Please let Elliott or David kmow your requirements.
How long will you be with us ?
Is this your first trip to Sydney ?
There are several of us in the office who would like to take you  for a 
meal(s)/ show you the sights etc and
discuss the latest Research findings with you whilst you are in Sydney eg VAR.
Hear from you soon.
Raymond
725pm 4 July
Cindy,
October 11 would work for me. This is the date of my visit to Austin  to make 
a presentation Ehud's MBA class.
If you need me to go to Austin an a different day, please, let me know. I 
shall be glad to help you, my schedule
permitting.
Vince
Cindy Justice
07/05/2000 03:51 PM
Vince -
Christy Young is the UT MBA recruiter. She is taking a couple of weeks off to 
get married and will return on July 19th as Christy Meador.  In her absence, 
I wanted to make sure we coordianted our efforts with you. 
Below are a few key UT recruiting dates. Ideally, we would like for your 
presentation to occur a week or so before our interview list is due to the 
Career Services Office. This will allow for additional candidates to submit 
their resumes for our review before we turn in the interview list.
Wed., Sept. 13 - Corporate Presentation & Reception - Alumni Center
Fri., Sept. 22 - Eye's of Texas Career Fair - Campus
Thurs., Sept. 28 - Enron Interview List due to Career Services Office
Wed., Oct. 11 - Pre-interview Reception - selected candidates only
Thurs., Oct. 12 - First Round Interviews
Fri., Oct. 13 - Second Round Interviews
Sat., Oct. 28 - Super Saturday for UT Candidates
Please let me know what works best with your schedule. Note that October 11 
is the same date as our pre-interview reception.
We look forward to working with you on this.
Thanks,
Cindy Justice
x57339
Celeste Roberts
07/05/2000 11:57 AM
Can you guys followup with him to coordinate an Enron reception following a 
presentation that Vince Kaminiski will give during their annual UT 
Foundations of Energy Finance class.  We do want to do this, and of course 
need to coordinate with Vince and your dates on campus to ensure that we have 
no conflicts.
I am not sure if this falls into the Associate or Analyst camp.  You can best 
determine who the appropriate contact should be.  Leave me an e-mail to 
confirm.
Celeste
Celeste,
Greetings.
As you may recall, I am the Director of the Univ. of Texas Center for
Energy Finance (CEFER).  I would like at this time to initiate planning for
your colleague Vince Kaminski's annual presentation to the UT Foundations
of Energy Finance class which I will be presenting as usual the first half
of the Fall Semester.
Thus, to begin, I wonder whether either the above is your current e-mail
account, and, with the departure of Meryl Barnett (with whom I believe we
coordinated this in the past), whether this is an issue within your scope.
With respect to this reception, I appreciate that there may be other Enron
receptions scheduled for this Fall.  However, if you so choose, I would
like to afford you the opportunity of scheduling an Enron reception
following Vince's presentation.  If you would indeed like to do so, I
suggest we coordinate with Vince the date for the presentation/reception.
Sincerely,
Ehud
Professor of Finance
Director, Center for Energy Finance Education and Research
McCombs School of Business
University of Texas at Austin
Austin, TX. 78712-1179
Voice:  (512) 471-5853
FAX:   (512) 471-5073
Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu
Stinson,
Helyette can be reached at 413 549 5071
and Geman@math.umass.edu.
Vince
vincek 
longrun
vkaminski 
Password: rmgsite.
RiskMetricsGroup@riskmetrics.com on 07/03/2000 06:25:28 PM
Please respond to web@riskmetrics.com
Dear ,
Thank you for registering.
Your requested username is vincek and your password is longrun.
You may use this login to:
-Use the Data Directory at  
-Access the CreditMetrics Datasets at 
.html
-Access the RiskMetrics Datasets at 
tml
-Read our Technical Documents at 
-Read our Monitors at  
-Read Risk Management: A Practical Guide at 
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns,
RMG Web Services
web@riskmetrics.com
Here's what I found.  Pls let me know if I can help you with anything.  I 
checked on the bonds that we spoke with you about earlier.  The call date was 
in August so I just passed on it.  These look pretty good.
Thanks, Julie
- kaminsky2.doc
CERA
VKaminski
italia
David Callanan  Mr. Vincent J. Kaminski 
Managing Director 
Dear Mr. Kaminski: 
On June 8 last, we held a special web-based conference call pertaining to a 
new CERA multiclient study, "The Future of European Power: Electricity 
without Borders".? Participants in this complimentary call learned first-hand 
some of the initial results of the study, and how the study provides a 
framework for evaluating current and future company strategies.
We are pleased to announce the availability of the recorded presentation on 
our website.? To view the presentation, please visit our website at   
The presentation focused on the study scope and approach, and its underlying 
analysis.? In addition, the link above will also provide access to the 
prospectus for the study, including the deliverables and enrollment 
information.? If your organization has not yet enrolled in the study, we urge 
you to consider doing so at this time.
Should you have any questions either about this study, or about any aspect of 
CERA's European Power services then please contact me by reply email or 
directly by phone in Paris at + 33 1 42 44 10 18.
Sincerely, 
David Callanan 
dcallanan@cera.com 
Should you have trouble reaching the website using the link above, please go 
to 
Our relationship with you is very important to us.? If you wish not to 
receive e-mail notifications from CERA, please send a reply to this message 
with "DoNotEmail" as the subject of your message mailto:info@cera.com?subject=DoNotEmail )
I have made some arrangements with our printer in Sydney and I am able to
send presentations to them, up until and including Thursday 29 June.  Please
send me your presentation by return, or let me know when I will be receiving
it.  could you also forward me you current biography.
Many thanks
Lucie