- Argentina.pdf 
- Portfolio.pdf 
- Brazil.pdf 
- LatinAmerica.pdf 
- September.pdf 
Enjoy
This person seems confused.  Please advise.
John Lavorato,
Please note that from the European Natural Gas Commodity Group, I have not received a signed Certificate of Compliance from the following: 
Brian Hoskins
Tricia Talpek
Judy Townsend
Brad McKay
Kate Frasier
Robin Barbe 
Sarah Mulholland 
Sandra Brawner
Patrice Mims-Thurston
Tom Donohoe
Fletch Sturn
Geoff Storey
Kevin Ruscitti
Martin Cuilla
Joe Parks
Jim Schwieger
Carey Metz
Elsa Villarreal 
Craig Falbaum
Steve South
Frank Ermis
Keith Holst
John Craig Taylor
Robyn Menear
Please print and sign the attached Enron Corp. Risk Management Policy Certificate of Compliance and fax directly to Veronica Valdez, fax # 713 646 2194. Due to certain regulatory audits of our trading businesses, we would like to receive these by the end of this week 
Attached is a copy of the Certificate of Compliance, and the Enron Corp. Risk Management Policy.
If you have any questions, please call me at (713) 853-0429, or Veronica Valdez at (713) 853-1881.
,
Cassandra Schultz
Market Risk Management
Chris,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Jacob Thomas		VP
Frank Vickers		Director
David Parquet		VP
Michael McDonald	VP
Douglas Dyer		Director
Jeffrey Shields		Director
Terry Donovan		Manager
Jeffton Slaughter	Director
Mark Fillinger		Director
David Kates		Manager
James Gilbert		Director
David Fuller		Manager
Ron Coker		Manager
Jonalan Page		Director
Laura Wente		Manager
Elliot Mainzer		Manager
Michael Etringer	Manager
James Buerkle		Manager
Todd Perry		Manager
Saji John		Manager
Stephen Thome	Manager
Paul Choi		Manager
Rob and John
We sorted out NGX today.  Our Data will be ready by the end of June for them to start including it on July 1st.  The 7 day settlement issue is another whole issue.
Tim,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Michael Swerzbin	VP
Sean Crandall		VP
Mark Fischer		Manager
Matthew Motley		Manager
Timothy Heizenrader	Director
Thomas Alonso		Manager
John Forney		Manager
Holli Krebs		Director
Christopher Foster	Director
Jeffrey Richter		Manager
Gregory Wolfe		VP
Diana Scholtes		Manager
Robert Badeer		Manager
Kimberly Ward		Manager
John Malowney		Manager
Stewart Rosman	Director
David Ellis		Manager
Rob,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
Please review the list below of these commercial employees that report up to you, directly or indirectly, and let him know if you see any discrepancies 
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Derek Davies		Director
Barry Tycholiz		Director
Paul Devries		Director
Jeff Borg		Director
Eric Le Dain		Director
Cyntia Di Stefano	Manager
Kyle Kitagawa		VP
Duncan Croasdale	Manager
William Greenizan	Manager
Dean Drodziak		Manager
Howard Sangwine	Manager
Garrett Tripp		Manager
Jan Wilson		Manager
Max,
John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers, Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus.
The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you.  They are Steven Irvin, Manager and Matthew Duffy, Manager.  Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information.
Your prompt response would be appreciated.
Thank you,
Kim
x30681
Just keep pushing forward.  We'll figure this out as we go.
Lavo
I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million.  Give me a call when you get a chance.
Do you think Janet wants to apply.
Janet 
Call me.
Kyle is working on the PPA.  However, Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty (in otherwords that it is truly non recourse) we are not interested 
Let me know if we are missing something.
If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator"
Congrats
John
Have we sold any Copel shares yet.  Have you told Hickerson to sell.
Give me a call.  These look fine I just have a few questions.
I'll spend 30 minutes myself.
Set up an interview with me.
Asthana25@aol.com on 11/13/2000 02:27:00 PM
John,
I am interested in a power options trading position at Enron.  I have a track
record of profitable options trading and market-making in illiquid markets,
and have also worked closely with Origination groups to design and evaluate
structured products for customers.  I attach my resume for your review and
would welcome the opportunity to discuss my qualifications and background
with you in person.  I can be reached at 214-812-8560 during the day and
214-891-1705 in the evening.
,
Manu
- Manu Asthana.doc 
Andy,
I show he is to attend.  Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend.
k
Andy Zipper
11/15/2000 10:24 AM
I would like Bob Shults to be present.
Jeff
My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer.  Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer.
I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while.  I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada.  Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done 
John
Football bets 200 each
Minn -9.5
Buff +2.5
Phil -7
Indi -4.5
Cinnci +7
Det +6
clev +16
Den +9.5
Dall +7.5
Jack +3.5
Sounds good.
250 per
New England +6
Over 37 1/2 NE/DET
Minn -7 1/2
Buff +3 1/2
Miami +5 1/2
Phil +6 1/2
Clev +16
Chic +7
Oak +11
Jack +3 1/2
Den -3
KC -2
Giants/Ariz over 38
Current 3730
why the note, i talked with jean and told her it would all be sorted
I understand you owe Jean 1.25 Million this week.  Please make sure it's paid.
I think I sold it. 
Sorry
Kevin
Give me a call on this one 
Mike
Thanks for the info.
Thanks
Billy
What has this recent rally done to our exposures.  CNR must be huge.
Lavo
Stinson
The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day.  So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day.  Please change that if you can.
John
That's cheap
Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years.  Canada used to do this for me.
l.a. but I'll kill it.  1 went 6-4 with two pushes.  up 400 makes a balance of 4130.
I understand you owe Jean 1.25 Million this week.  Please make sure it's paid.
Mike
The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data.  The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month.  Same comment for the gas side.
Please reset my password.  My SAP P# is P00509247.
15500
A meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, Tuesday, November 28, 2000 with regard to the new Trading Track program.
The meeting will be held in 49C1 from 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.
If you have a conflict, please contact Kim Hillis at x30681.
Beth 
Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you (I mean ask questions).
Derek Davies
Attached is the spreadsheet with exchange detail by individual. It's a big spreadsheet you should go to the Tab 
'Detailed Sheet with Exchange Fees'
Yes dear
Isn't this our world 
John
Om Bhatia
11/28/2000 04:53 PM
Northland Power (a power plant operator) from Toronto has joined hand with Nepco to build a large cogen plant in BC with possible power off-take agreement for US Pacific NW (Washington/Oregon). Northland power asked me if Enron would be interested to quote indicative prices for this project. Would you please advise me with who is responsible for this kind of projects? Thanks for your help.
-Om Bhatia
EIM - Pulp & Paper  
I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children.
Where are we at with the contracts for this month.
mid to late feb and 7 days
Ken
I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats.  My family and I had a wonderful time.
Thanks
John Lavorato
Close
Monthly Basis Swap
Daily Basis Swap
Daily for Monthly Index Swap
Fixed Price Physical
Physical Index
Fixed Price Swap
no attachment
Please be advised that you will need to be at Three Allen Center, 37th Floor no later than 12:45 for the Trading Track interviews.  I have attached a preliminary schedule for your review.  We will be in the Dover Room at the Doubletee for the decision round.  The Dover Room is located on the first floor of the Doubletree and you need to be there no later than 5:15 pm.  I anticipate we should be finished with the reviews about 6:30 to 7:00 pm.  Thanks again for all your help.  Ted
Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend.  I posted it at 15500.
Greg
Have a great time with the $100 Million Club
Lavo and Dave=20
Rosalee Fleming on 12/01/2000 02:56:08 PM
Ken and Jeff have decided that the Enron Executive Committee Retreat will include only the Corporate Policy Committee this year.  (See list of members below.)  You may be holding the timeframe of January 16-18, 2001 on your calendar, which you can now free up if you are not on the committee.
The location of the retreat is under consideration.  When a decision is made, we will get the information to the members of the Corporate Policy Committee.  Departure for the retreat will be early afternoon on Tuesday, January 16 with return to Houston late afternoon on Thursday, January 18.
Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any questions at 713-853-6088.
Rosie
Enron Policy Committee
Baxter, Cliff
Causey, Rick
Derrick, Jim
Fastow, Andy
Frevert, Mark
Hannon, Kevin
Horton, Stan
Kean, Steve
Lay, Ken
Pai, Lou
Rice, Ken
Skilling, Jeff
Whalley, Greg
Fred 
Can you please take care of this.
John
Eric Thode
12/01/2000 02:11 PM
Attached is an e-mail we received via the Enron web site.  Would you or someone from the gas trading group contact this gentleman?  If you would prefer not to respond, please refer it back to me for handling.  Thanks.
Eric
I am with the Idaho Public Utilities Commission and am trying to find out more information on market and financial risk management devices.  Enron appears to have one of the largest varieties of measures and is extremely well respected in this field.
Can you provide some information about the Market & Financial Risk Management products that you provide for the US Natural Gas Industry.  I am looking for pricing information  as well as availability.  Information pertaining to the Northwest would be greatly appreciated.  For example cost of a natural gas future (range of premiums)  Cost of weather insurance based on what measure? 
If you do not have that kind of information but can point me in the right direction it would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you in advance for your assistance,
Michael Fuss
Seems like a fair trade
Lavo.
Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday,
John
Thank you for agreeing to participate in the video for the Houston Analyst Meeting taking place in January of 2001 We have scheduled your shoot for Tuesday, December 5th at  1:00 p.m.  If you have any questions in   to the video content or questions that will be addressed, please contact Kathryn Corbally at X34785 
I can be reached at X36785 if I can be of any further assistance.
Thank you, Laura
Hello Everyone.
AEP has been very cooperative with us when we have posted numbers in error on EOL.  Please extend them back the favor if an issue comes up on their side.  Also please e-mail me if an issue comes up.
Thanks
John
Dave give me a call. Some of the data looks odd.
Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included.
John
Rich
Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well.  I think we are going to have to pass on him.
Thanks for the cooperation.
No
I think Forster has me covered.
Lavo
My vote is to kill it.
Raymond Bowen@ECT
11/30/2000 12:18 PM
Dorie,
I share Dave's skepticism.
Ray Bowen
David W Delainey
11/30/2000 11:26 AM
Dorie, I have to question the effectiveness of this program.  Over the years, it appears that more spots are being filled by Enron people then customers. The effectiveness of this forum from a customer point of view is questionable.  I vote to kill it.
Please forgive the approach - but I would like to provoke a discussion with my partners.
Delainey
Winter is just around the corner and the new ski season will be opening soon.  Please review the proposed information below, regarding the ENA/EGM/EIM Customer Ski Program, to help us determine what our needs will be for the 2001 season.
Location:  Beaver Creek, Colorado
Preliminary Dates:  February 21 - March 14, 2001
Approximate Cost Per Person:  $2,600 (based on 82 participants)
The preliminary dates have been divided into 6 trips:
TRIP=09DATES=09TOTAL # OF BEDS=09
Trip 1=09Wed, February 21 - Sat, February 24=0911=09
Trip 2=09Sun, February 25 - Wed, February 28=0917=09
Trip 3=09Wed, February 28 - Sat, March 3=0913=09
Trip 4=09Sun, March 4 - Wed, March 7=0913=09
Trip 5=09Wed, March 7 - Sat, March 10=0913=09
Trip 6=09Sun, March 11 - Wed, March 14=0915=09
The program cost per person includes:
?=09Four days/three nights accommodations in luxurious private homes in the premier Holden Road/Borders Road area of Beaver =09Creek with daily maid service
?=09Animated invitation with on-line registration
?=09Round-trip airport ground transportation
?=09Experienced property hosts
?=09Daily lift tickets and ski instruction
?=09Ski equipment rental
?=09Catered dinner two nights
?=09Catered breakfast daily
?=09Off-site dinner coordination
?=09Alternate activity coordination
?=09Private vans at each house
?=09One massage with experienced in-house massage therapists
?=09Enron promotional gift item
?=09Pre-program administration and coordination
?=09On-site operation
If you are interested in participating in the 2001 ski program, please submit an email  request to me no later than Friday, December 8th, including the following information:
Name
Company
Department
Telephone
Fax
Number of People
Choice of Dates (1st, 2nd & 3rd)
Company #
RC #
The week of December 11th, all requests will be compiled for review and final approval.
Questions should be directed to my attention at (713) 853-6978. =20
Chris
Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA,
Brian Redmond@ECT
11/30/2000 10:35 AM
I thought that Jeff Shankman decided not to cancel and to pick up the membership costs for that reason when he was in ENA?
Brian
Hello Guys-
As of a year and a half ago, Enron cancelled their membership to the AGA.  This has not presented a problem since we still have acess to the online database as long as we are the reporting entity for the Bammel storage facility.  One thing to keep in mind is that when we sell HPL, we will need to subscribe to the AGA at a cost of about $100,000 per year in order to keep the online access which is critical for the weekly AGA stoage numbers.  (Bloomberg reports the same numbers 2 minutes later, and per the traders those are VERY critical seconds).
,
Julie 
Julie
I'm looking into this.
Mark
Still waiting for my car keys.
In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household.
Lavo
Bruce
I had quite a crazy week.  Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town.  I would love to get together.
John
Kevin 
Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something.
Dave
I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report.
Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades.
Thanks
Brett
Have you heard of a deal called Camargo Correa.  Its listed as a high probability deal for q2 with 8.4 Million of Origination.
Kim
Did you ever get hold of my accountant?
Giants +6
Carolina +7 1/2
Cinci -4
Denver +1 1/2
Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2
Seattle Pickm
Phil +3
SF -2 1/2
Indi-jets over 44
Jack -14 1/2
All 250
I have the balance at work.
green bay and chic under 39
Shiela,
Just following up to my call to you, if you could please provide any documentation to John in an envelope prior to the Monday meeting, I would appreciate it.  Also, could you please add me to your distribution list? =20
Thank you for all your efforts.
Kim Hillis
x30681
=20
Please mark your calendars for the December 11, 2000 PRC meeting to prereview Vice Presidents in the following organizations:
The meeting will be held at the St. Regis Hotel, 1919 Briar Oaks Lane, Houston in the Plaza Room.  The meeting is scheduled from 8:00am to 5:00pm. For those of you who are part of the Enron Wholesale Services Group, please plan to be there at 8:00am, as the first part of the meeting will be devoted to discussing PRC results of groups below Vice President, and Manager to Director/Sr. Director promotion nominations.  The Vice President rating is scheduled to begin at approximately 9:45am.
The telephone number of the hotel is 713-840-7600. =20
A complete agenda and details will be forthcoming later this week.
For those of you in the organization units listed above, please be prepared to present and discuss your Vice Presidents. =20
Please feel free to contact me at X36628 in Houston, should you have any questions.
Sheila Knudsen
current 6300
over 39 1/2
400
that was for chiefs and newengland.  just to be clear.
ssss
Tammy
Come and see me first thing.  The gas section is way long and complicated.
I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas.  Prices have exploded and I'm working on it.
Can you guys please have all your curves set by 3:00 Calgary Time.  As well as Kathy, a lot of Houston bookrunners are having late hours due to the lack of discipline in setting Canadian curves.
Thanks
John
Let's make sure that Presto, Tycholiz, Whitt, Lucci, Kerigan, and Proffit are either signed or will never sign by the end of this month.
I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process.
Mario
minn +3 1/2
jack -16 1/2
tenn-cinnci under35
gb-det under 39 1/2
tb +2 1/2
new england +2 1/2
pitt +3 1/2
phil-clev under 33 1/2
seattle +10
jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease
as discussed.
Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.  Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set  up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon 
Also, did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered.
Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week.  Also, what happen to Manu.
Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders.
vp ranking - call if I missed anyone.
Allen - Superior
Arnold - Strong
Presto - Excellent
Wolfe - Strong
Lagrasta - Strong
Baughman  - Strong
Shively - Superior
Sturm - Superior
Neal - Excellent
Martin- Excellent
Schweiger - Excellent
Belden - Superior
Swerzman- Superior
Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him.  I need this for tomorrow.
I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company  by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning.
I told Miller that you and him should sit down and discuss the PPA.
Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work,
John
Tuesday may work -  check with Kim Hilis.
NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th.  Please send me an  email when we receive it.
Thanks 
John 
Dave
I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal.  He has Per on the road working on it.  We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough.
Book this deal very conservatively.  ie.  set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income.  We will discuss in 2001.
John
That would be outsanding.
Charlene
My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron (Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals).  If its not too late, I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire.  I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business.
John
Dave
I agree with all your points.  There had to be a first time I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week.
Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future.
Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me.
Wes
Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA (American Gas Association).  The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us.  But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members.
Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal.
Anthony
Thanks for the email, however, that was the last thing that I received.  I think some credit intermediation would be helpful.
Can I get that PRC list from you when its on one page.
Print all these resumes for me.
John - Please look at these resumes and give me some feedback.  If they are not what you are looking for for mid management level we will start over.  Thanks.  Ted
Kim 
Please print all these resumes for me.
John - More resumes for the pipeline.  Ted
Has applied to Enron several times:
Already in Personic.  Identified for Shankman's book (Assoc Level), may be experienced enough for Mgr Level:
Can't seem to find this.
John
Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader.
Sheila
Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy.  The vp commercial page is the only relevant page.  Please send that back when your done. 
The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.
Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.
*  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:
2001 - $5.06
2002 - $4.96
2003 - $4.86
2004 - $4.75
2005 - $4.65
*  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power. 
*  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.
*  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m.
*  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.
*  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five.
The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree.
Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now.
*  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows:
2001 - $5.06
2002 - $4.96
2003 - $4.86
2004 - $4.75
2005 - $4.65
*  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power. 
*  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start.
*  Enron will also pay NewAlb $1.05/MW hour for varialbe o&m.
*  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently.
*  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five.
sounds good tim
We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions.
We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length.
I have no interest in this person.
John
Wes is going to tell me in the morning if he is coming with us to Steel Town.
go mario
The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis.
Kim
Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me.
John,
I have been on vacation this Monday and Tuesday.  If you still need help with this request, please let me know.
Thanks,
Pete Berzins 
x57597
John J Lavorato
12/10/2000 10:50 AM
Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week.  I want to distribute them to me head traders.
No
I have no interest in these two employees.
Tim
If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic.
John
Yes
I take it back, I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them.  This is a great first step in our ultimate goal.
For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet.  Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly.
Thanks 
John'
Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power as the key to their real time group.  No request will be granted on an emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and checking with me.  Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year.
Same a mid year
I'm smarter than everyone else.
Just in Case
*  Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion (more if you included hits taken) - probably not due to me.
*  Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there.
*  Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back.
*  Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying.
* Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying.
*  Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston.
*  Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders, IT, and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into.  The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile.
*  Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR.  Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group.
*  Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas.
*  Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion.
*  Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people.  You will see this implemented in 2001.
*  Experimented with the "Pay PRC"  which I think was very successful.  I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us.
*  Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon".
I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing.
John
Did you blow up my South America Deal Yet.
I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally about California gas prices.
Jennifer Walker
12/14/2000 11:13 AM
John:
Per Eric Thode's voice mail, attached is the DRAFT of the eBiz article regarding gas prices in California. Please review and give me a call or an email with your comments. 
--we really appreciate it. 
Jennifer Walker
Public Relations
x3-9964
The pain will stop soon.
I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week.  Although I am definately not getting brave, I would like to request an extra 15 Million for gas for the next week.  The price levels are making it hard to eliminate risk.  I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to day will come from price movement, not increase in position 
Let me know 
John
Your the King.
Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy prices.  I think Palmer overrulled me.  He said that the article was harmless but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this.
John
This is the last eBiz issue for 2000!  Read more about Ken and Jeff's big announcement.
Also in this issue:
The California energy crisis
Enron's forward market in DRAM
Plugging into Japan
The little Enron-backed engine that could
Contango and backwardation
Flying with corporate angels
It's all in the latest eBiz .  Go to home.enron.com , click Publications, then click eBiz, and "eBiz December 15, 2000."
You goated me into it,
Here goes
400/per
Minn -8
New Orleans -10
Denver -3
Denver-KC under 48
Jack -10
Clev +16
Chic +6 1/2
Indi-Mia under 42
Balt -15
John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me.  I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January.  I would like to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness.  Let me know.
Lavo
Jeff
Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million.
Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts.
Kevin
Can you get our new reports- ie. off peak prices and positions and heat rates put on the executive viewer.
Thanks
Lavo
Mark
Can you tell me if this is a legal document.  This is personal so only if you have 2 free minutes.
Thanks John
John :
Ted Jarvis asked me to send this to you.
Jeff Howe
Chief Financial Officer
TargetNet
416-306-0466 x945 [please feel free to call me with any questions]
- targetnet subscription agreement v.2.DOC 
ok
I can give you that for ICE, unable for Dynegy as they do not provide volume figures.
Andy
I get stats on Ice and Dynegy but I don't get anything that compares their volumes to ours.  Can I get that for the last couple of months.
Lavo
giants -7
giants - dallas minus 37
both 400
Kim 
Can you print these in color.
Zimin Lu@ECT
12/15/2000 04:59 PM
John,
Just finished the continous trading case.   Please see
the two attached files. Let me know if you want to add
more scenarios.
Happy holidays !
Zimin
Open-close trading:
Close-close trading:
Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 hours a day on VAR.  If yes, talk to Frank.
John,
Bilal reconciled Tom Martin's VAR, dropping it from $3.5 to $1.246. Texas desk VaR dropped to $3.8
Frank
PS.  Bilal has been very helpful in dealing with the VAR issues, and I think it has given him a better idea of what trading is about.  Would you consider sharing some of the analyst/traders, much like Bilal, for a couple of months, maybe longer, maybe mornings only, to help on VAR issues, as it relates to both power and gas?  I think it would be an excellent way to introduce them to VAR, systems, risk management and trading.  Let me know your thoughts
No interest
We can adjust the salary if he get promoted.  Leave it for now.
Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses 
I guess we are paying for that too.
Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter.  Glad we could help.
Stinson
Thanks
P.S 
At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an open positon.
Kim 
Can you print me two copies in color.
John
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/19/2000 05:55 PM
John,
The updated model does not give answers too different from the earlier version.   The changes made were in correcting the handing of contract rolls and correcting some of the roll dates.
The model still gives a higher profit, sometimes, for the cases of 1,000,000 bbl position limit vs.  5,000,000 bbl limit.   I took a look in detail at the 5 MM bbl case which gave lower profit (3 yrs out of Nov 95).   The intuition is that there are two offsetting things which happen when you raise the position limit.
1) you have a larger position to profit from when the market reverses a trend, but
2) you loose much more money in a long term trending market, and to the extent that you still hit your position limit, you will not make it all back when the market reverses.
In the specific above case, you hit the position limits for both 1 MM bbl and 5 MM bbl, and the superior strategy is a trade off between limiting losses vs. having a larger position from which to gain on major market reversals.
--Stinson
Open to Close			Continuous trading
Lets grap 5 minutes on this
John
John,
I am looking for 1 analyst and 1 associate right now.  Unsure that I will need any in the Fall.
Thanks,
Don
I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Please respond promptly.
Thanks  
John
These assumptions are correct for now.
Per
Give me a call in January on this.
John
P.S.  Happy Holidays.
FYI
I need to make you aware of a potential lawsuit we may be filing jointly with Columbia Energy Services/Nisource against TDC Energy regarding a CES transaction.  I don't have every detail yet, but I wanted to fill you in because this is moving quite quickly.
TDC Energy is a small privately owned producer that had several deals with CES that ENA acquired in last year's transaction.  Four of those transactions were costless collars that are deep in the money for us.  TDC is disputing the existence of these collars because CES never sent confirmations for them.   We have taken the position with CES that if TDC defaults it is CES' exposure, not ENA's.  The total value of these collars as of today is approximately $4,800,000.   I have been working with Jeff Hodge on this issue and we believe that, because of several different reasons, ENA should file the lawsuit with TDC jointly.  I'll be happy to meet with you if you're interested and explain the reasons for this.
In addition, ENA has other deep in the money fixed priced transactions with TDC worth an estimated $5,000,000 (unofficially from R. Diamond in Credit)   TDC has not disputed these transactions and so far all is fine with these; however, we fear that TDC may be facing financial difficulties--if they go bankrupt, we have exposure on the $5,000,000 of fixed price transactions, plus potentially all or part of the other $4,800,000 of financial collars.  Jeff Hodge is meeting today with CES' outside attorneys to discuss where we should file the lawsuit and I get the impression that it is already drafted and will be filed very soon.  Please let me know if you want to talk through this.
Try to grab me today on this stuff.
John
Sally
We need to talk about the 26th.
Rick
Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th.
Please Print.
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/21/2000 10:28 AM
John,
In general, results are not too different from last day roll.    For "no roll" and "roll same position" strategies, the 2nd last day seems to outperform slightly more often.
Let me know if you would like to 
1) look at quarter to quarter earning volatility of these strategies or
2) look at effect of incorporating some transaction costs for rolling/liquidating positions.
--Stinson
Normal Roll	No Roll		Fill Gap
Stinson Gibner@ECT
12/21/2000 07:36 AM
John,
Here are the simulations for:
Normal roll:  (same as before, but included for completeness)
No Roll: (liquidate position at end of each month)
Roll to fill price gap
I have included in place of the Roll P/L, the cumulative price gap over all the contract rolls ($/bbl).   Negative value means a backwardated market.
Normal Roll	No Roll		Fill Gap
Will send the same set of runs for 2nd last day later this morning.
--Stinson
Patience is a virtue.
East Power has hire several traders in a rush.  There down in aggregate 15 Million.
I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January.  I will put you on the schedule.
Merry Christmas 
John
Dave
I booked a time for 7:30 on Sunday.  I can't play because its mothers day and I would get killed.  Use the time if you want or get Kay to cancel it.
Lavo
john
I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.
bills +3 250
denver -7 250
jack +3 1/2 250
David
What's up with Manu.  Janet keeps sending me e-mails threatening my life if I don't get an option trader. 
When I meet with Orlando and Joe on Thursday, see if Rebecca McDonald can be present.
I booked a flight on Continental to San Francisco.
March 15th  - Thursday - I arrive at 4:47.
March 18th - Sunday - I arrive back in Houston at 6:05
I think Tych is already in California.  If we can all get there at similar times we can get in our Cadillac and go. 
Dave have we moved research, legal etc. to report directly into Greg and Mark.
John
Final 3360
Hurry up - already bought the watch.
Dave
I feel like I keep tasking you.  I've only got a couple of weeks.
Can you send Orlando and Joe a list of Outsourcing deals that we've done and the key contact person that they can talk to about the structures. 
Thanks
John
I've only received one response to my inquiries into projects for Coleen.
John
Hey
Have you spoke to any of my folks yet 
If so what do you think.
John
John
I don't see Maggie's line on the P/L
Lavo
Hi
We are getting in several anylysts and associates  (new hires) in the next few months.  We also have interns coming for summer only.  Do you need any.
Can you use interns or does the training out weigh the benefits.
John
I would love to play 4 or 5 games.
Just got back into town.
John Lavorato
Tim
I still don't see and origination line on the reports.  Give me a call because I really want this to happen.
John
We need to talk for like 20 hours.
Let's schedule some time.
Lavo
What happened with Arcor.
Lavo
Vlady
You were supposed to pair me down at the top not the bottom
Laov
So I knew that you were going make some money last week off my positions but wow.
Just Kidding
Dave
I think we are going to go back to the original Pebble Plan.  The 8th to the 11th.  Tych and Calger are O.K. with this.  There is a small chance that I will have to cancel or come back Saturday night but what the hell.
Let me know if you can do this and we will all attempt to arrange transportation.
John
P.S.  Sorry for the confusion.
Although I haven't heard from Dave I'm trying to change my flights to March 8 - 11.
Rob
I'm very pleased about Petro.
Can send me the e-mail with the details.  I will forward it to the really big kids down here for you.
Derek
Your in on Pebble if you want.
Lavo.
yes
Are you okay with this?
Yes he is.  In addition, Kathy Kelly and Dayem Khandker, who are on the Wellhead Desk, should be empowered to transact on Enron Online.  Please contact John Grass if you have any further questions.
Jean
Is John Grass the "wellhead" book?
Frank
if he is the wellhead book
John, 
Is John Grass an authorized trader?  It appears that he has been granted authority to trade on EOL and I don't recognize him as having such authority. 
Let me know.
Frank
The east power traders have agreed to post their two ways on EOL for EES.  Janet, you might want to help speed up the administrative process.  It should be minimal effort.
Do we need any help on the Ontario front from Lay or Skilling.
Given the size of the stakes, I could definately justify their time.
Your Pan Nat summary was not clear enough to pass on to my supervisors.  Can you simplify it a little more.
Thanks
Lavo
Rob
I'm going to get on Ken Lay's schedule in the next couple of days(assuming he'll let me).  I'll ask him his advice about our deregulation strategy in general and talk to him about his visit.  I'm concerned that hoards of people from Houston will show up and that it will be a cluster.  Can you send me an email with some key facts about our deals - p/l impact of opening and the market in genereal.  Also the history of dereg and the dates they have missed and why for my Ken meeting.  Write it in bullet point format and quite summarized.
Chris
On the California deal.
Can we possibly get the right to kill the deal 6 months from now if they do not get some credit support.  We may not exercise the option anyway, however, it would be nice to have especially if you could get it for free.
John.
Where's my index.
Here goes
Tych owes Wes 180
Ox owes Wes 40
Ox owes me 40
Dave owes me 70
john lavorato
6437 Mercer St.
Houston TX
77005
Work 713-853-7991
Dave
When is the Gas Daily meeting.  I would like to attend.  I think I could help with the pitch.
Hi my name is Joooohhhn Lavorato from Tarona Canada.
How the hell are you guys? Where the hell are you guys 
Call me, I'm still an Enron hack.
713-853-7991
if he is the wellhead book
John, 
Is John Grass an authorized trader?  It appears that he has been granted authority to trade on EOL and I don't recognize him as having such authority. 
Let me know.
Frank
I'm in Brazil returning that night.
You can decide if you can reschedule or not.
John sent me the index.  Get him to send it to you.
Great.  The meeting is Tuesday, March 20th at 4:00.  They are coming to our office.
Have you received the desired indices from Jon McKay?
thanks
Dave
Dave
When is the Gas Daily meeting.  I would like to attend.  I think I could help with the pitch.
Wes
I'm away Monday and Tuesday in Brazil.  I thought I would give you things that I'm waiting on or that we should meet about next week.
1.  Your group was going to give back the assets/balance sheet stuff in 3 formats.
2.  On South America - Lot's of stuff but we'll talk when I get back.  Most importantly that I get an income statement that looks like North America.
-  They did a trade with me that's up 8 Million for them. This is fine but the negative p/l was not showing up in N.A.  The positive p/l was showing up in South America. (We should make sure this trade does not get cash settled.  The last thing I want is Cash going to S.A. on an internal trade.
3.  Cross Commodity Book. - I have 1.9 Million of losses that were last year that they found in January.  Put this in the TBG line and change the line name to Other .  In the Footnotes we will explain all others.  I'm sure there is a million things to come.
4.  We also need to improve the footnotes section you gave to me.
5.  I've set up a meeting with you,me,Deffner and Louise on this 15% capital charge.  We should come up with another methodology.
That's all I can think of now.
John  
Has an agreement been reached between South America and North America on the Turbine.  Or is North America waiting for final approval of its power plant
What happened to Dona Francisca.
Mark
You still own me you expected values for Pan Nat.
I've allowed one person to enter Enron America into Jacoby's group from Broadband.  We need to be very selective because Broadband and EES will have people who will be put into redeployment.  I expect Louise or I to approve any employee who enters Enron America.  I will accept no exuses if someone slips in.
Wes
With respect to the PPA reserve.
We need to adjust the USD reserved based on the currency.  We decided not to hedge the currency when we took the reserve.  Its hard to make an objective decision on whether this is correct or not.  However, the currency was 1.5 CAD to 1 USD when we did it and now 1.565 CAD to 1 USD so the reserve would be 287.5 USD not 300.  We should just adjust this weekly or monthly.
Lavo
Dave
I thought we were hiring 1 person from EBS not two.
William Abler was ranked as a strong director.  I will agree, but I hope the quality is as high as you think.  We are going to get tones of resumes from EES and EBS, if your going to blow all you bullets upfront, make sure your getting great people.
Some guy at Duke told Mark Frevert today that on March 15th, Duke won a court ruling saying that they expanded the scope of the PanNat Arbitration.
True?
Mark
We get a much different story from our appointed arbitrator for PAN NAT.  Although the main arbitrator did not do exactly what we wanted he had strong words to Duke that they had no support for their position.  We would like to ignore their pleas to settle because they have been making very unreasonable settlement offers As we understand it arbitration starts July 1.  I'll talk to you more next week.  If you want an update prior call Richard Sanders.
John 
Can I get an updated contract status report.
As you would say.  There is good news and bad news.
The good - we got the dining room chair.
The bad - it was an end/arm chair not a side chair.  Specifically it has two arms but the chair that broke has no arms.
Good Luck
John
test
Kim
Besides my chair - here is a list of stuff to chase down while I'm away.
Principal investing Miller owes me a hi - lo valuation of his investments and a meeting alone with him.  I thought that was going to be last week.  Set up the meeting for this week.
Set up the Oxley - Louise meeting is Friday moring, I need some time to prepare for it.
Car Phone
House Computer
Greg
I'm getting a million e-mails from my people about these committees.  The next time someone puts a bunch of my people on committees, do you think someone could seek my input.
Lavo
Has Ken Lay received a breifing binder yet? Can I get a copy soon?
Thanks John
Keeping to my reputation, I'll keep this brief.
You guys owe me 275 each for Pebble.  Since I owe Chris 310 for a flight and keeping it as easy as possible for me.
Dirk pays Chris 45
Dirk pays me 230
Thanks
Hi John
I think we should kill the concept of cross calibrating analysts and associates accross business units.  I think this is a waste of time.  We can include them in our business unit PRC's for Managers and Directors 
Any comments.
Who sais choice markets don't work.
Yours at 11 Million (Papier Massion).
Lavo
ok
I assume we should work with Paul Devries on transition.
Ray
Who sais choice markets don't work.
Yours at 11 Million (Papier Massion).
Lavo
Recession, What Recession.
Barton Creek was full the weekend of the 20th and 21st.  Dorie managed to get me a room.  However, the Golf times were non existant so I figured I would play it by ear and try to book later.  If you and Donna want to join us feel free 
The next weekend the 27th and 28th is the weekend that I may go to Vegas.  I may also stay and play lots of Golf here.  Let me know your thoughts.
Lavo 
Please let Kim Hillis (my assistant) know about all the EES meetings planned for this week.  I'm going to try to attend.
Andy
With respect to North America, Dick Lydecker is liquidating most of the raptor assets.  I think he is doing a great job and showing a great deal of integrity in trying to get the best deal for Enron.  Let me know if you disagree. 
John
I couldn't meet with Joon due to PG&E on Friday.  His resume looks good and assuming everyone else likes him, we should hire him.  I assume that this is for associate or is it for associate in the trading tract.  Let me know.  Make sure we get a 3 month evergreen non compete.
Lavo
Ben I need you to sell the Canadian Turbines.  Call me.
Lavo
Ben 
They haven't sold them for a year.  I think that we can wait until you get back.
Peg
Might be going to Vegas the weekend of the 28th.  I'll let you know.
John
Dave
Are you back in town on Monday.  We have a dinner re. the Houston Open.  I'm not sure I can make it because my folks are in town.  Let me know.
Lavo
Rob
Update me on NGX, employee contracts and our turbines.
Also, whats are plan on Ontario.  Do certain employees need to be changed.  (ie reg 
Thanks
John
Any thoughts on Greg Shea.
John Aronld was curious about the outsourcing deals we were pursuing.  Could you please update him on the deals we are getting close on.
John
Joe
Greg Whalley wants to know about all our current dealing with Petrobras.  Please e-mail him something today.
Thanks
John
I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Please respond promptly.
Thanks  
John
Rick
Rob Milnthorp have been discussing whether we want to look for a new regulatory person in Toronto.  We are leaning towards starting with a new face.  Give me a call to discuss.
John
I don't want to talk to you.  Talk to Tim and Kevin.
Tim and Kevin,
We will decompose VaR on both desk and provide a synopsis to you before the end of the day. Vlady.
Dave  
This is the format I want.  Can you have someone check the data and then print and deliver a color copy to me and Louise today.  And then update it every week over the next month as we try to finish this process.
Linda
Is was nice meeting you at the pro-am.  I hope you had as much fun as I did.  Can you pass my phone number and email address to Rob Davis.
John Lavorato
Lavorato@
7138537991
Thanks
first i heard about this.
John,
I heard that the traders are required to put together supporting documentation for large trades, outlining fundamentals and market assumptions.  Is this true? And if possible, any chance I could review the files?  I'm thinking we/RAC can add value by perhaps "balancing" out analysis and maybe even suggest a way to optimize the process by periodically backtesting analytical assumptions.  (e.g. Are we making money because are analysis was correct, or are there "new" features driving the market 
Frank
Let's just leave the prudency stuff unhedged for now.
Can we get more critical mass.  Our Portland guys, ie Wolfe, might have some Montana counterparts.
John,
I've been approached by a couple of loads in Montana totalling 50-75 MWs.  Zufferli and I did some rough math on the costs of transmission and what our implied offer would be and haven't heard back from the counterparties.  I think that you need more critical mass to make a project work.
Derek
Derek
Fed Ex the PPA sales pitch to me.
Also, I read in the newspaper that Montana was tight for power.  I couldn't tell wether they are tight or the price is just high.  Can we sell long term power to a counterparty or two or three in Montana and build a line?
John
Jeff
I went home today sick.  But I'll try in the future.
Come on.  You should come to the tuesday traders' meeting.  they've been really good. In 3321 4-5 each tuesday.
I'll bring over a copy of the current book we are reading as enticement.  It's not a corvette, but it's a good book.
Your continuing to kill me.  Is that how you spell continuing.
Jeanie,
Lavorato called me into his office to question me about my inquiries into part time.  Nice confidentiality.  Since I have already gotten the grief, it would be nice to get some useful information.  What did you find out about part time, leave of absences, and sabbaticals?  My interest is for 2002.
Phillip
Yes
Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday?
Thanks
John
Can the full Day end at 7.
John--
Assuming you get the o.k. on the work arrangement we discussed yesterday 
As a follow up to our discussions, particularly concerning working the second half of the day once each week, here is what I would propose:  Instead of working 4 half days in the morning and one half day in the afternoon/evening, I would work 3 half days in the morning (8-1) and one full day.  This way I would be available to meet with Geoff in the afternoon once each week.
Please let me know if this works and if the arrangement in general is acceptable to HR, Louise, etc.  Thanks.
oh god is there an agenda.
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
No
John,
What's your view. Should we consider doing something more for Todd? I think Jeff would like to pay him or grant him some more equity. I am on the fence. When I mentioned it to Deliainey a week or two ago he said no then said I should discuss with you.
David:
With regard to Todd Busby - some clarification.  His total bonus was $75,000 - of which he appears to have decided to take 20% in equity.  The last numbers I heard before bonuses went final were a total bonus of $100K consisting of $75K in cash and $25K in equity.  This $100K bonus was agreed to without the knowledge that his contract called for $150K if he was in the top two groups.
The above is really just to remind you to continue reflecting on whether it would be feasible to do anything for Todd.
Jeff
I was in S.A. until this morning.  I need sleep tonight.  We'll get it done.
dinner this week?  i'm free mon-wed
I'm in if I can pick Mario more than once.
Gentlemen,
.....and then there were two11
Chris
PS.  Joe, can you pick my team with the cheesie in the toe thing?  It sounds like a winner.
Chris;
Do you see what you can come up with when you put your mind to it! Great
idea, but I had this routine planned out whereby I show up last at McConvey'
s, and whilst everyone is busy choosing, I remove my shoes and socks and
very slowly, insert a large cheesie between each of my toes. I then stand
up, lift each pant leg about 4 or 5 inches, and proceed to walk around Rhode
Island's white carpet on my heels only, therefore attempting to keep orange
crumbs off his rug. I would make my picks in this fashion, bringing me good
Kharma.
I'm in if everyone wants to go this way.
Joe.