- 9people ja.jpg
FYI.  Also, I'll look at the agreement.  Sara
Stewart Rosman
06/06/2000 05:26 PM
Sara -
Does Merced need to do anything to enter into financial weather transactions 
(remember that they have a ISDA and have done numerous power swaps for the 
past year)?
Thanks 
Stewart
Jason:  fyi.  Also, Randy Curry did call me yesterday but wasn't available 
when I returned the call.
Also, let's get Sakura Dellsher executed (and we should create a file since 
we're noting the ADM agreement which we did for Bridgeline).  Could we please 
talk this afternoon about outstanding agreements?  ss
Brant Reves
06/07/2000 09:10 AM
hello Sara,
I think this should be a high priority once they take on an ISDA attorney Per your recommendation, I contacted Randy Curry, President of Bridgeline and 
passed along your thoughts about Jason.  I gave him your phone number and he 
sounded enthusiastic about wanting to talk with him.  God knows they need an 
attorney.
Right now, I think we can take this off the priority list.
Thanks
Brant
Brant:  Is this really high priority (for our legal/credit discussions)?  We 
haven't heard from these guys since April 13.  Sara
All:  please see the attached.  Also, I left a detailed message for Lauren 
Hagerty last night but haven't anything.  Sara
""  	06/07/2000 06:55 AM
Dear Ms. Shackleton,
I refer to your fax dated 6th March, 2000.
The seller whether it is an Indian company or a foreign company is not
required to be registered with the BSE for the purpose of selling publicly
traded shares held by it of an Indian Company.  Only brokers and other
intermediaries such as merchant bankers etc. are required to be registered
with SEBI or BSE.
Please note that Vinay Dwarkadas is no longer working with us.
,
S N Talwar
Just got off the phone with outside counsel for Credit Agricole.  We're very 
close. 
Tanya:  Can you tell me what products we trade? Are there many outstanding 
transactions?  Also, I'd like to make sure that the "credit worksheet" is 
current.  It looks like we're working off of something dated 1/31/96 (Terry 
Donovan!!!!!).  This must be wrong.
Susan:  Please fax a copy of Rule 35.1(b)(2) to James Coiley (outside 
counsel).  Thanks.  Sara
Carol:  John sent the email to all paralegals after he and I spoke in the 
morning (6/2) since we didn't know who would handle.  I remember, now, I 
checked the log in book while Susan was at lunch and it wasn't there so when 
I asked her about it, she told me she was holding a prior confirm for Twister 
( apparently inactive until further notice) and she was now going to handle 
this one.   I reminded her that I was leaving early to fly to NO so that I'd 
have enough time to review. The rest is history.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
06/02/2000 01:21 PM
Susan:  you need to log this in.  I'm leaving early today.  SS
John Suttle
06/02/2000 10:45 AM
Team,
I have had a few conversations over the past couple of days with Terry 
Brownrigg at Twister Gas Services, LLC and Todd Tharp with Sanguine, Ltd We transacted with Twister last week and I had sent you a credit worksheet 
for the transaction.  Twister is a broker who transacts on behalf of small 
E&P companies, and in this case, the E&P agreed to post the L/C we quoted for 
the transaction.  After talking to Sara, it sounds like we are going to go 
ahead and send a confirmation to Twister for the deal and attach to the 
confirmation an assignment of the deal from Twister to Sanguine.  It is my 
understanding that both Terry and Todd will need to sign both the 
confirmation and the assignment, so I think we will need to carefully 
coordinate the steps through the Confirmation Desk (Sheetal Patel).
I have attached a worksheet for the transaction (Sanguine agreed to post 
$500K).  Please coordinate with Sara, Sheetal and me in getting this out.
The contact information at Sanguine is:
Todd Tharp
Manager of Gas Contracts
Sanguine, Ltd.
1861 East 71st Street South
Tulsa, Ok 74136
Thanks,
John
The AAA program was Credit Lyonnais.
Tanya Rohauer
06/07/2000 03:47 PM
about half a dozen crude swaps. I'll have to pull the file and get back to 
you on the credit worksheet.  I thought i did something on this back when we 
did the AAA derivative program (or am i thinking of the wrong customer?)
Just got off the phone with outside counsel for Credit Agricole.  We're very 
close. 
Tanya:  Can you tell me what products we trade? Are there many outstanding 
transactions?  Also, I'd like to make sure that the "credit worksheet" is 
current.  It looks like we're working off of something dated 1/31/96 (Terry 
Donovan!!!!!).  This must be wrong.
Greetings!  Hope there's no confusion about my role in Brazil.  I'm replacing 
Yao Apasu in the derivatives area and I thought he was more involved in the 
process than he apparently was.  I'll be taking direction from Brent and will 
be available as needed.  Thanks.  Sara
I will have to leave shortly before 5 pm on Thursday Also, on Friday, I will have to leave around 4 pm to be home for the FOOD 
delivery!
This is the account we can begin working on now.  We need to meet (maybe you 
can drop by).  Sara
Sheila Glover
06/08/2000 12:43 PM
Sheung,
We will be opening an account at Morgan Stanley for Enron India LLC (a 
Delaware Company).  They expect to participate in an IPO on June 13th for 
Nasdaq shares.
Sara will be forwarding the documentation to you.
Sheila
FYI
Sheila Glover
06/08/2000 02:25 PM
Lauren,
Was  a FIP (Foreign Investor Proposal) obtained in order for us to buy the 
shares in the IPO?  If the Mauritiurs entity was authorized to obtain the 
shares through the IPO, doesn't it then make sense that we can sell the 
shares?
Please let me know your thoughts.
Sheila
Also, do we know what the Symbol is going to be for Rediff.com India 
Limited's ADRs 
Lauren Hagerty@_DEVELOPMENT
06/08/2000 02:35 PM
We bought the Genesys shares before the IPO.  It was a private placement.  I 
suspect that someone in India will have the initial offering if that will 
help you any.  Let me know if you want me to run it down 
I wil have to get back with you on the symbol for Rediff.com.
Lauren,
Was  a FIP (Foreign Investor Proposal) obtained in order for us to buy the 
shares in the IPO?  If the Mauritiurs entity was authorized to obtain the 
shares through the IPO, doesn't it then make sense that we can sell the 
shares?
Please let me know your thoughts.
Sheila
Also, do we know what the Symbol is going to be for Rediff.com India 
Limited's ADRs 
I'll get to this later today.   Call if you have immediate issues.  Sara
"Ho, Wendy"  	06/08/2000 05:15 PM
Hi Sara,
Gareth and I were going over the documents this morning and was wondering if
you have any comments on the revised Swaps (the three currency swaps and the
two option swaps).  Could you fax me your comments?
Could you also forward to me the Master Agreement btw UBS and Enron and
Enron's std language with respect to set offs, jurisdiction etc.. (as per
your e-mail two weeks ago).  Thanks.
Wendy Ho
Vinson & Elkins
1001 Fannin St. Suite 2300
Houston, TX 77002
tel: 713-758-3895
fax: 713-615-5849
David:  check out the second attachment.  Thanks, as always.  Sara
"Scott Eckas"  	05/08/2000 09:26 AM
Sara:
Last week I had sent you a final version of the memorandum regarding pulp and
paper transactions (with attachment).  However, this morning I had an
computer-generated error message regarding that transmission.  I am sending 
you
the files again just in case you didn't receive them or couldn't open them.
If you would like a hard copy, please e-mail me back and I will send you a 
set.
Thanks.
Scott Eckas
212-504-6968
(See attached file: 0463515.04)(See attached file: 0464504.01)
|NOTE:  The information in this email is confidential and may be |legally privileged.  If you are not the intended recipient, you |must not read, use or disseminate the information.  Although this |
|email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or |
|other defect that might affect any computer system into which it |is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient |
|to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted |
|by Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft for any loss or damage arising in|
|any way from its use  
- 0463515.04
- 0464504.01
I haven't forgotten.  We've been short staffed and swamped.  Sara
John Viverito@
06/08/2000 03:54 PM
Sara-
Pursuant to my voicemail message of yesterday, it would be very helpful if 
you would assist me in locating the Service Agreements relating to the 
captioned matters 
Thanks,
John
Susan Bailey
06/09/2000 02:29 PM
Gary, 
At the request of Sara Shackleton, attached is a blacklined version of the 
Schedule to ISDA Master Agreement, which compares the newest version (dated 
6/8/2000) against the version (dated 6/2/2000), which I sent to you under my 
E:mail transmission of June 2nd.
Please be advised, Sara has not been able to review your "confidentiality" 
provision at this time.  She would like to schedule a conference call with 
you on Monday, June 12th, in order to so.  Please let her know your 
availablity.
Also, direct a copy to either Sara or me of the draft Guaranty to be provided 
by Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
Thanks,
Susan 
phone: (713) 853-4737
fax:        (713) 646-3490
e:mail: susan.bailey@
We are in the process of auditing/monitoring all accounts.  It is possible 
that after due notice, we will commence with the closure of unutilized 
account.s.  Please call if you have any questions.  Sara
David P Dupre
06/11/2000 01:45 PM
Hi Sara,
I met with accounting regarding these amounts. I will be forwarding a copy to 
you.
We have a total of .77 cents remaining in our account with Cargill.
Since we have several acounts in addition to Crude Oil, it is my 
recommendation that
we do not cancel the account as traders may want to utilize Cargill for other 
commodities.
,
David
What were the dollar amounts on the printout that you sent to me?
David P Dupre
05/24/2000 06:06 PM
Cargill said that we do not have a line of credit nor do we have money 
sitting in an account with them.
The account is inactive at this time.
Let's review our next step when you have an opportunity.
Thanks
David
Lauren Hagerty@_DEVELOPMENT
06/09/2000 03:18 PM
Sara,
I have drafted the attached based on what we did for the GDR acquisition Could you check the non-India trading names and titles to make sure they are 
current.  I checked with Samantha but she said she was having computer 
problems and wasn't familiar with the names.  And, obviously, we will not 
have this done by Monday morning.  Is there anything we can do to get the 
account opened on an expedited basis and then follow up with paperwork later?
Lena,
Once Sara checks the non-India names, may I have your permission to put your 
initials on these documents and get them signed?
Thanks,
Lauren
Still waiting to hear from you.  Attached is a refinement of your proposal 
but I don't know if it accurately describes what you want.  SS
Please print out the "swap" documents for me ASAP.  Thanks.  Sara
Joyce Dorsey
06/12/2000 09:27 AM
Clint Freeland@
06/12/2000 08:40 AM
Joyce -
Would you please forward this to the Sterling PAT team.  Thank you.
CF
mukunah@winstim.com on 06/09/2000 09:56:13 PM
In connection with Enron's PATS offering, we're attaching a Cover Letter and
clean and marked drafts of the Purchase Agreement, Remarketing Agreement, 
Trust
Agreement  and Confirmations relating to the swaps and options.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Cover Letter.doc)
(See attached file: Purchase Agreement.doc)        (See attached file: 
Purchase
Agreement REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Remarketing Agreement.doc)     (See attached file:
Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Trust Agreement.doc)           (See attached file: Trust
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)    (See attached file: Swap 1 
-
UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.doc)      (See attached file: Swap 2 
-
Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.doc)      (See attached file: Swap 3 
-
Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)  (See attached file: Call
Option 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc)  (See attached file: Option 
2
- Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Cover Letter.doc
- Purchase Agreement.doc
- Purchase Agreement REDLINE.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Trust Agreement.doc
- Trust Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.doc
- Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc
- Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Call Option 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc
Rahul Basu@_DEVELOPMENT
06/10/2000 08:02 AM
Sheila & David,
Thanks for all the help.
Rahul
Rahul,
David did put in a bid  for 330,000 shares with a cap of $12 this afternoon The order was placed with Graham Cook, Goldman Sachs' International Desk,  in 
Chicago.  Daivd also gave him the name and number of Vijay in Hong Kong.
We are working with Lauren and Sara to get an account set up to settle the 
trade for Enron India LLC Please do not hesitate to call if questions.
Sheila
Rahul Basu@_DEVELOPMENT
06/09/2000 09:22 AM
Hi David & Sheila,
As you will see from the DASH that Rajesh Agarwal is separately faxing to 
you, Rediff.com India Limited is issuing American Depository Shares (ADSs)
As discussed, we would like to bid for $ 4 mn equivalent at the clearing 
price, subject to a maximum price of $12 per ADS. This works out to approx. 
333,333 shares - however if the clearing price is lower, then we would get a 
higher number of shares.
We would appreciate it if you could put in a word to your contact at Goldman 
to let them know that the order is coming in.
Our contact in Goldman Sachs, Hong Kong is Vijay Karnani: +852 2978 1685 (W +852 9188 3719 (M), vijay.karnani@gs.com
Our contact information is :
Rahul Basu
+91 22 230 6112 (W)
+91 22 230 6117(Fax)
+91 9821068239 (Mobile)
Rajesh Agarwal
+91 22 230 6112 (W)
+91 22 230 6117(Fax)
+91 9820183937 (M)
Please do call at any time if there are any problems. We would like to have 
our order go in before the weekend, if possible.
Thanks
Rahul Basu
Donna Lowry
06/09/2000 04:45 PM
fyi
Lauren Hagerty@_DEVELOPMENT
06/09/2000 01:56 PM
FYI.  It would seem we still have a lot of ground to cover on selling Genesys.
Chandran Bhaskar
06/09/2000 12:15 AM
Dear Rahul,
Your mail on the above subject refers.
As   to the approvals to be followed in sale of the Genesys shares by 
Enron Distribution Ventures MHC Ltd., Mauritius, i list below the following:
(A) Approvals required:
Per section 10 B (1) the FEMA Regulations effective 1 June 2000, transfer by 
way of sale by a person resident outside India of the shares / debentures 
held by him to person resident in India will require prior permission of RBI. 
Veena, your activity chart shows that Form TS 1 is to be filed after the sale 
is effected, money received and at the time of remittance of sale proceeds. 
Since, the Act prescribes prior approval, we should sell only after receipt 
of RBI approval and not before.
The requisite form to be filed for seeking approval is Form TS1. 
If we are effecting the sale through a private arrangement , the application 
should be supported with the average quotation of the share price ( average 
of daily high and low) for one week proceeding the date of application, duly 
certified by a Chartered Accountant. If the sale proposed to be effected on 
the floor of the exchange to the general public at the prevailing market 
price, the Chartered Accountant's certification is not required. Since, we 
intend selling at the floor, this certification is not required.
(B) Thinly Traded:
I refer to Veena's query on whether Genesys shares are thinly traded. Per 
section 10 - Explanation i) the share will be treated as thinly traded if the 
annualised trading turnover in that share, on a main stock exchanges in 
India, during the six  calendar months preceding the month in which the 
application is made, is less than 2%( by number of shares) of the listed 
stock.
Though we can take a view that Genesys shares are listed for trading only 
from 5 June 2000, it is to be noted that the new shares issued to (a) the 
erstwhile Genesys shareholders are issued as a result of the scheme of 
amalgamation approved by the High Court, Mumbai & (b)  the applicants of the 
private placement ( incl. Enron) and the new amalgamated company, Genesys 
International Corporation Limited, whose previous name was Aeke Trading and 
Investments Limited, was a listed Company at the Mumbai Stock Exchange. 
Hence, it is advisable to check whether the shares of AEKE were thinly traded 
or not. FYI, the Paid - Up Equity of AEKE prior to the Amalgamation was 
2,40,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each aggregating Rs. 24,00,000/-. We can 
apply the test as explained above on the AEKE shares prior to Genesys 
amalgamation just to satisfy ourselves that it was not thinly traded.
It is better to check this provision. 
(C) Formalities for remittance:
Per section 11of the FEMA Regulations, remittance of sale proceeds shall be 
made by a authorised dealer upon:
satisfying himself that the security was held by the seller on repatriation 
basis ( we need to submit the Foreign Collaboration Approval Letter No. 3/9 
SIA/NFC 99 NRI to the AD)
submission of the contract note of the Broker effecting the sale and 
submission of a No Objection Certificate/ tax clearance certificate.
(D) Income Tax - NoC / TCC:
I understand from Veena that there is a current thinking that through a 
Chartered Accountants Certificate stating the double taxation treaty, we need 
not obtain the NoC of the IT. In my view, since the regulation stipulates an 
NoC / TCC from the IT Department, i doubt whether it is doable without a BoC 
/ TCC of the IT. 
In the past, this was followed and with an Undertaking from the Company, 
supported with a Chartered Accountants Certificate,confirming there are no 
tax implications in the underlying transaction, one could remit the funds 
without a NoC/TCC from IT. But, given a very specific statement u/s 11 of the 
FEMA Regulations and the same being introduced only from 1 June and hasn't 
been time tested, i doubt whether the Authorised Dealer will accept our view 
and effect fund transfer with an Undertaking and CA Certification. 
In my view, NoC would be a pre requisite. 
(E) Bank Account:
Assuming that the NoC is required, there will be a timing difference between 
we receive the sale proceeds and remitting the money to Mauritius after 
obtaining the NoC from IT. It is certainly not advisable to hold the 
instrument without encashing it. Hence, opening of a Bank Account in India to 
encash the instrument  is warranted. I refer to Mike's mail on allowing the 
Broker to hold the funds in a trust account for EDVMHC. In my view, instead 
of the Broker holding the same, the AD himself can hold it on trust for 
EDVMHC. But this needs to checked and properly documented with the Bank Authorised Dealer) and as well at EDVMHC. From Due Diligence and Compliance 
point of view, i would suggest to take the route of opening of an rupee Bank 
Account than the trust route. 
Since it is not a demated shares, opening of an custodial account is not 
required. This needs to be checked with the authorised dealer.
(F) Application to RBI / TS 1:
I suggest that while making the RBI Application under TS 1, it is advisable 
to state and seek their concurrence or keep them informed as to point E 
above. We could mention in our application to RBI and seek approval as to (a) 
opening of an rupee account or (b) authorising the AD to hold the same in an 
trust account for EDVMHC. RBI while according its approval, will look in to 
the transaction and accord approval for this as well. 
May be, before filing the application with RBI, we could meet with the 
concerned official in Exchange Control Department and walk him through with 
the transaction so that the approval is obtained at the earliest.
(G) Original Funds:
I understand that while making this investment, the funds have not come in 
from EDVMHC, Mauritius or it has come from a Company from Caymon Islands. Tax 
need to confirm whether the money received from Cayco ( though on behalf of 
an Mauritius Company) would qualify for tax benefits 
(H) Confirmation by Genesys on non Lock-in:
There are no documents available like the Board Resolution while alloting the 
Shares to EDVMHC or the application to Stock Exchange which would specify 
distinctive numbers of the Lock-in Shares nor it is stated in the Information 
Memorandum as whether shares offered under this IM are freely tradable. 
Though the SEBI Guidelines are clear that if the shares do not form part of 
the Promoters Quoto, they are freely tradable, it is advised that we take a 
certificate from Genesys on this. I have spoken this with Rajesh who 
confirmed that such a certificate from Genesys can be otained without any 
difficulty.
Please feel free and do call me for any further assistance from my end.
Bhaskar
Sandeep Katwala
06/07/2000 12:47 PM
input into Rahul please.
Rahul Basu
06/07/2000 12:37 PM
Seems to me from a read of the regulations that we are required 
Clause 10 B (1) to get RBI approval for the transfer on a TS1 form. Please 
note that the TS1 form requires a CA certificate
If we sell on an exchange through a broker, clause 10 B (2) (a) (i) will 
apply. Since the transfer takes place when its recorded on the register held 
by the company, there is time from when the sale order is given to the 
broker. 
Clause 11 (2) provides the conditions by which the AD will repatriate the 
money to Mauritius. Please note the requirement for an IT clearance in clause 
11 (2) (c). Also, it seems from Clause 11 (2) (b) that if we sell through the 
exchange, then approval of RBI under the TS1 is not required for the 
repatriation.
Rahul
FYI - this may be a duplicate
Sheila Glover
06/09/2000 01:30 PM
I spoke with Eugenie Sibeud at Goldman Sachs who is a local market expert She spoke with someone from Hong Kong.
Per Eugenie, We probably do not need an FII (which takes the 9 months to 
obtain) but we will probably need a FDI (Foreign Direct Investment) Form to 
sell the shares.  This form needs to be approved by RBI (Royal Bank of India) 
taking approximately 3 weeks and is good for a specified period of time (e.g. 
3 months 
She said that we may be able to complete the sale by opening a cash account 
with Standard Charter Bank (GSs agent) or a special purpose account which 
would stay open only for a month.
Eugenie is going to get back to me and forward to me the specifics which I 
have tried to summarize above.
Thanks. Sheila.
please print from SWAP 1 to the end.  Thanks.  SS
Joyce Dorsey
06/12/2000 09:27 AM
Clint Freeland@
06/12/2000 08:40 AM
Joyce -
Would you please forward this to the Sterling PAT team.  Thank you.
CF
mukunah@winstim.com on 06/09/2000 09:56:13 PM
In connection with Enron's PATS offering, we're attaching a Cover Letter and
clean and marked drafts of the Purchase Agreement, Remarketing Agreement, 
Trust
Agreement  and Confirmations relating to the swaps and options.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Cover Letter.doc)
(See attached file: Purchase Agreement.doc)        (See attached file: 
Purchase
Agreement REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Remarketing Agreement.doc)     (See attached file:
Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Trust Agreement.doc)           (See attached file: Trust
Agreement.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)    (See attached file: Swap 1 
-
UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.doc)      (See attached file: Swap 2 
-
Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.doc)      (See attached file: Swap 3 
-
Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)  (See attached file: Call
Option 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc)  (See attached file: Option 
2
- Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Cover Letter.doc
- Purchase Agreement.doc
- Purchase Agreement REDLINE.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.doc
- Remarketing Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Trust Agreement.doc
- Trust Agreement.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.doc
- Swap 3 - Enron - UBS.REDLINE.doc
- Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Call Option 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc
Jen:  This is a good question and I think that the PG&E lawyer may be 
confused here with instructions to her traders The PG&E trader can call either an ECC or ENA trader BUT a transaction will 
ALWAYS be booked and confirmed in the name of ENA under the executed ENA ISDA 
Master Agreement with PG&E.  For internal purposes, the trade will either 
remain on an ENA book or backed to an ECC book.  I hope this answers your 
question.  Sara
Jennifer Fraser
06/10/2000 04:49 PM
Sara;
One last thing is remaining.
Does PG&E have to have an ISDA with ECT Canada in order to trade with them? 
Can't Canada trades be covered under our ISDA. PG&E told me that in order to 
trade with Canada, they would have to trade through us. Can't they just call 
canada direct and then we can confirm the trade under our ISDA? 
Please call me to discuss.
Thanks
Jen
713-628-7881
Lauren Hagerty@_DEVELOPMENT
06/09/2000 03:18 PM
Sara,
I have drafted the attached based on what we did for the GDR acquisition Could you check the non-India trading names and titles to make sure they are 
current.  I checked with Samantha but she said she was having computer 
problems and wasn't familiar with the names.  And, obviously, we will not 
have this done by Monday morning.  Is there anything we can do to get the 
account opened on an expedited basis and then follow up with paperwork later?
Lena,
Once Sara checks the non-India names, may I have your permission to put your 
initials on these documents and get them signed?
Thanks,
Lauren
David:
Thank you for the email.  I left a message for you to call (let me know 
what's convenient and I'll make myself available) because we were trying to 
make the language generic enough to include all future products which might 
fall into this category.  We considered the following:
Alternative 1:  "For purposes of any Transaction in a Commodity for which 
there is either no market or for which the market is illiquid, Party B 
recognizes that (i) this market is less liquid than other OTC derivatives 
markets 
Alternative 2:  "For purposes of any Transaction in which the relevant 
Commodity is traded in a market that is newer or less liquid than other OTC 
derivatives markets, Party B recognizes that (i) such market is newer or less 
liquid than other OTC derivatives markets 
We also considered adding some type of statement that specifies newer 
products without limiting future applicability (i.e.. "including but not 
limited to paper and pulp").  Also, "newer market" may not mean illiquid "No market" could mean that we are the only market maker.
Your language places the onus on us to continually identify these illiquid 
products either in the Schedule, by amendment to the Schedule or in a 
separate writing.
Can we please discuss?  I am free all afternoon.  Thanks.  Sara
We are continuing to send Deemed ISDA's to this entity (periodically) and 
have transacted with other Glencore entities in the past.   I would like to 
generate a draft ISDA and send to these guys because it will make our life 
easier (and we say as much in a Deemed ISDA).  Thanks.  Sara
Gary:  I believe we are having our guaranty executed.  We haven't seen the 
draft of yours.  Please send ASAP.  How long will it take for you to 
execute?  Sara
Susan Bailey
06/09/2000 02:29 PM
Gary, 
At the request of Sara Shackleton, attached is a blacklined version of the 
Schedule to ISDA Master Agreement, which compares the newest version (dated 
6/8/2000) against the version (dated 6/2/2000), which I sent to you under my 
E:mail transmission of June 2nd.
Please be advised, Sara has not been able to review your "confidentiality" 
provision at this time.  She would like to schedule a conference call with 
you on Monday, June 12th, in order to so.  Please let her know your 
availablity.
Also, direct a copy to either Sara or me of the draft Guaranty to be provided 
by Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
Thanks,
Susan 
phone: (713) 853-4737
fax:        (713) 646-3490
e:mail: susan.bailey@
Looks like our counterparty did not have authority to transact.  SS
Can you supply with an addressee list for potential closure of ANY futures 
accounts?  There are currently about seven inactive accounts for all types of 
commodities.  Thanks.  Sara
David P Dupre
06/12/2000 12:55 PM
Yes, please keep me in mind during the audit process.
We need to ensure that all traders and book admins that support them are 
informed before any account closures,
Thanks
David
We are in the process of auditing/monitoring all accounts.  It is possible 
that after due notice, we will commence with the closure of unutilized 
account.s.  Please call if you have any questions.  Sara
David P Dupre
06/11/2000 01:45 PM
Hi Sara,
I met with accounting regarding these amounts. I will be forwarding a copy to 
you.
We have a total of .77 cents remaining in our account with Cargill.
Since we have several acounts in addition to Crude Oil, it is my 
recommendation that
we do not cancel the account as traders may want to utilize Cargill for other 
commodities.
,
David
What were the dollar amounts on the printout that you sent to me?
David P Dupre
05/24/2000 06:06 PM
Cargill said that we do not have a line of credit nor do we have money 
sitting in an account with them.
The account is inactive at this time.
Let's review our next step when you have an opportunity.
Thanks
David
Jaime:  When speaking with you earlier, I completely forgot to mention that 
Carol St. Clair (Ext. 33989) will be addressing EOL issues arising in 
connection with Enron Mexico Corp.  Please forgive me.  I know that Carol is 
trying to finalize communications with our outside counsel in Mexico.  It may 
be helpful for you to have a conversation with her about your goals, etc. for 
her to include in her discussions. 
I am still handling financial derivatives matters in general for Mexico.
Please let me hear from you and I look forward to meeting with you later this 
week.   .  Sara 
Please let me know if the attached guaranty is identical to the original 
incoming guaranty in the other Merrill file.  We're trying to execute today 
or tomorrow.
"Akhtar, Kasar (GED Legal-NY)"  	06/12/2000 12:09 PM
Please find attached the Guarantee to be provided by our parent Merrill
Lynch & Co Inc., with respect to the ISDA Agreement currently in negotiation
between our respective institutions. If you require any further assistance
please contact me.
Kasar Akhtar
Telephone: 212 449 7482
Facsimile:  212 449 2615
e-mail:    kakhtar@exchange.ml.com
- guarantee_mli.doc
Yes, my other question to Gary was HOW QUICKLY can you have the guaranty 
executed.
"Akhtar, Kasar (GED Legal-NY)"  	06/12/2000 12:09 PM
Please find attached the Guarantee to be provided by our parent Merrill
Lynch & Co Inc., with respect to the ISDA Agreement currently in negotiation
between our respective institutions. If you require any further assistance
please contact me.
Kasar Akhtar
Telephone: 212 449 7482
Facsimile:  212 449 2615
e-mail:    kakhtar@exchange.ml.com
- guarantee_mli.doc
Susan:  this guaranty came from the lawyer.  Use this instead of the earlier 
version.  SS
"Rosenblum, Gary(CICG-GEDNY)"  	06/12/2000 02:07 PM
Sara,
The guarantee attached is identical to the version delivered by MLCS except
for name and date changes.
- Doc4.doc
Jaime:  Carol and I are available on Tuesday, June 13 from 10 am - 11:45 am 
and after 3 pm.  Please let us hear from you (and who should initiate the 
call).  Thanks.  Sara
Jaime Williams@
06/12/2000 04:50 PM
Sara, I believe that if possible, we should try to have a conference call 
between you, SusanHelton and Carol St. Clair, because the issues we are 
dicussing at this point in time, relate to both areas:  ISDAs for regular 
financial transactions and ETAs for EOL...Would tomorow morning work for both 
your schedules ?  I know Susan's schedule would work, and mine as well,,, Let 
me know. Thanks and 
Jaime:  When speaking with you earlier, I completely forgot to mention that 
Carol St. Clair (Ext. 33989) will be addressing EOL issues arising in 
connection with Enron Mexico Corp.  Please forgive me.  I know that Carol is 
trying to finalize communications with our outside counsel in Mexico.  It may 
be helpful for you to have a conversation with her about your goals, etc. for 
her to include in her discussions. 
I am still handling financial derivatives matters in general for Mexico.
Please let me hear from you and I look forward to meeting with you later this 
week.   .  Sara 
This provision is an election which we have added to the Schedule for 
governmental entities.  I believe that it is intended to eliminate any 
confusion that historically arose during the debate between "First Method" 
(one-way payments) and "Second Method" (two-way payments) for Early 
Termination purposes.  Although I can't find a good reason to continue to use 
this provision with an ISDA (except that it emphasizes the point), I can 
understand why we may have added it to a pre-ISDA agreement with a 
governmental.  The only example that I could locate was our September 21, 
1995 Master Agreement with Reedy Creek Improvement District.  For those of 
you who have never seen this form, it was one of the two types of master 
agreements developed by ECT before we became conversant with ISDA.  Because 
these forms didn't contemplate municipal counterparties, we had to add many 
of the ISDA U.S. Municipal Counterparty Schedule provisions.  The Part 
5(b)(k) provision originally appeared in this early agreement.  It was 
included in the "Event of Change" section [5F(4)] (which is tantamount to the 
ISDA concept of "Illegality", a "Termination Event").  I think it was 
probably included because in the ISDA, Second Method is the automatic payment 
method if the parties fail to make a specific designation for Early 
Termination purposes, but there isn't a comparable provision in the old ECT 
form. 
FYI
jcoiley@wfw.com
06/13/2000 08:54 AM
Further to our telephone conversation of 7 June, please find attached a draft
Schedule to the above ISDA Master Agreement.
Please note (1) that, in transferring the document to our system we have made
some minor changes to e.g. layout and punctuation (2) that I am liasing with 
our
NY office and our client with regard to some of the points discussed, and
accordingly not all of these are reflected in the attached.
I look forward to receiving your thoughts on those issues which you were to
conider further, and in particular on the form of Guaranty.
James Coiley
(See attached file: EnronSchedule.doc)
- EnronSchedule.doc
Sheetal:  Please note that ENA will ALWAYS want to include an Annex B with 
this Counterparty.  Legal will need to review each time.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan Flynn
06/06/2000 07:48 PM
Here is Annex B for the Omnibus Conf. for all six deals for the referenced 
CP.
Here is confirmation (which you emailed to me and I revised for options Use this confirm format for all Option transactions for this CP.
Susan D. Flynn
Susan:   (1) We need to have the following agreement with Goldman 
re-executed.  I have the prior agreement in my office (if you want it Please let me see the cover letter you submit to Lisa.  Please add this to 
the equity list.
(2)  I will give you Direct Trading for execution.  It should also be added 
to the equity list.
(3)  I think we need to add a reference to the First Boston Enron Corp. 
account to the equity list.
"Schor Babin, Lisa"  	06/13/2000 09:39 AM
As per our conversation this morning, enclosed please find the Client Access
Agreement and Schedule A for electronic trading which includes the change
that you requested. Please note that the change is underlined. If this meets
with your approval, please have the documents signed and forward to my
attention at the fax number listed below.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
1NYP/37
212-902-0905
212-428-1209 (electronic fax)
- enron.aa.pdf
- ENRON.SCH.pdf
We still have outstanding issues under French law.  Netting Transactions may 
not be possible (i.e., may not be enforceable)  with any of the French 
counterparties even if you have an ISDA in place.  If netting is not a 
concern, then we can have separate and unrelated transactions.  Are you going 
to push an ISDA for SITA?   Let's discuss.  Michael will have to encourage 
his counterparties to respond to our French counsel; SITA never did.  Sara
Tanya Rohauer
07/15/99 05:48 PM
Please prepare a draft ISDA based on the attached credit worksheet. Please 
deliver draft to Michael Moulton. Sara, this is another French company.
Thanks,
Tanya
legal/credit meeting - please verify conference room
Paul Radous@
06/13/2000 12:58 PM
Sara,
Brant, John and I will attend the meeting today.  We will assume that the 
meeting has been pushed back to 2:30 as Carol has requested.  This presents 
no problems for us.
Thanks.
Paul
We do not have any executed docs to send to Morgan Stanley to open the 
account.  Lauren is awaiting signatures.  Ted Murphy is the only signature 
required  outside the India group.  Morgan will open the account with faxed 
signatures.  Did Anthony ever give you an account number?  Sara
Lauren spoke with Anthony last night - all is calm.  Sheila will track down 
an account number.  Lauren will deliver docs to you today and we will need 
Ted's signature.  We can send out the package tonight.  One of Anthony's 
assistants is handling today.  By the way, Enron India LLC recieved the 
largest share of the IPO.
There are problems with the other the other India account.
Will you please contact them again.  SS
Tana Jones
06/14/2000 10:04 AM
We have not yet received the executed documents.
Shari Stack
06/06/2000 04:13 PM
Sara- They called me again today for a response. I told Suanne that I thought 
you would be the one working on this and gave her your telephone number. 
Thanks, 
Shari
Shari Stack
06/02/2000 03:47 PM
This response just came in on an ISDA I had worked on several months ago. I 
don't have the time to keep this so I am passing it on. 
Thanks, 
Shari 
"Dunn, Suanne"  	06/02/2000 02:35 PM
Hi Shari,
I'm sorry it has taken me so long to get back to you.  I had to get a few
people involved and it took a lot longer than I anticipated.  However, I
have things organized now and have summarized my comments below.  In
addition, we reviewed your form of guarantee.  I have attached a mark up of
your guarantee to conform with our form of guarantee and where possible
amended our form of guarantee to conform with yours.  (I believe there were
some conversations between my trader and your credit officer about
increasing the amount under your guarantee to $35,000,000.)
I think it would be helpful if we used my comments below and the blackline
of the guarantees as an agenda for a call to finalize the Agreement.  Please
let me know when you would be available.
I look forward to hearing from you.
,
Suanne
Part 1(b) Threshold Amount:  I know we agreed in concept to have the
Threshold Amount apply collectively to each party and their Credit Support
Provider, but I'm not sure we get there with your amendment.  May I suggest
the following:
Threshold Amount means, with respect to Party A and its
Credit Support Provider, collectively, U.S. $100,000,000; and with respect
to Party B and its Credit Support Provider, collectively, U.S. $100,000,000.
Part 1(g) Credit Event Upon Merger:  Thank you for adding the last sentence,
however, may I suggest clarifying it further as follows:
If such additional Eligible Credit Support is not provided,
or if additional Eligible Credit Support is deemed inadequate by Y in its
sole discretion, then the provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) shall apply without
amendment.
Part 2(b) Payee Representations:  I am still waiting for a response from my
tax department.
Part 3(a) Agreement to Deliver Documents:  (a) The W-8 ECI is not in effect
until next year, so we will only be able to deliver a W-8.  In addition, we
believe the delivery requirements are a little onerous and we would prefer
to deliver the forms upon execution and thereafter upon request.  ECT's
delivery requirements should be substantially similar.  (c) We will provide
you with a copy of DLJIC's Memorandum of Association.  We would also like to
receive similar documentation from ECT evidencing its authority to execute
the Agreement.
Part 4(c) Calculation Agent.  Below please find sample language:
Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will be Party A
and Party B jointly or, in the event of a dispute, a reputable, unaffiliated
financial institution appointed by the parties.  Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default or Termination Event with respect to a party, the Non-defaulting
Party or the non-Affected Party, as the case may be, or, in the
circumstances where there are two Affected Parties, as agreed between the
parties, shall be the sole Calculation Agent.
Part 4(i) Jurisdiction.  We can agree to this clause provided that you agree
to conduct proceedings in New York City.
Part 5(g) Setoff.  We can agree to your setoff clause with the following
amendments:
in line 2, insert "sole" prior to "non-Affected Party"
in line 3 and 5, please insert "(whether at such time or in
the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency)" following "amounts
owed" in each line
Part 5(r) Consent to Recording.  Please add the following clause as
requested:
(c) Consent to Recording. The parties agree that each
may electronically record all telephone conversations between them and that
any such recordings may be submitted in evidence to any court or in any
proceeding for the purpose of establishing any matters pertinent to any
Transaction, provided, however, that notwithstanding the terms of this
clause, the parties do not waive any rights they may have under the
applicable rules of evidence.
CSA (b)(ii) Eligible Collateral.  I believe we discussed adding Treasuries
with maturities greater than one year.  We propose Treasuries under one year
with a Valuation Percentage of 99%, 1-5 years at 97% and 5-10 years at 95%.
CSA (b)(iv)(B) Thresholds.  Please remove "Potential Event of Default"
CSA (d) Conditions Precedent.  We asked that Tax Event and Tax Event Upon
Merger be excluded as Specified Conditions.  There is no reason to stop
collateralizing a Transaction upon the occurrence of these events, because
if at the end of the remedy period the Transaction is terminated, then the
posted collateral will be returned, if applicable, according to the normal
procedures of the CSA.  If the Transaction is terminated and the settlement
amount is not paid, then the non-Affected Party has the right to liquidate
the Collateral to satisfy its claim and you would want all Transactions,
including the affected transaction, to be fully collateralized at that time.
CSA (f) Dispute Resolution.  (i) We can agree to two Local Business Days to
resolve a dispute.  (ii) We suggested that the parties look to market
standard screens before polling dealers to determine Value.  This is our
standard definition of Value:
Value. For the purpose of Paragraph 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the
Value of Posted Collateral other than Cash will be equal to the sum of (i)
the face value of the Posted Collateral multiplied by the product of (A)
either (x) the closing bid price as quoted by Bloomberg Financial Markets or
Dow Jones Telerate Services as of Resolution Time or (y) the sum of the
arithmetic mean of the closing bid prices quoted by three mutually-agreed
upon Reference Market-Makers for the relevant security on the relevant date
and (B) the applicable Valuation Percentage plus (ii) the accrued interest
on such security (except to the extent Transferred to a party pursuant to
any applicable provisions of this Agreement or included in the applicable
price referred to in (i) of this clause) as of such date.
(iii) We can agree to transfer only the undisputed amount.
CSA (g) Holding and Using Posted Collateral.  I have several thoughts on
this section.  The Credit Rating for a party should include both S&P and
Moody's and a party's ability to hold Posted Collateral should be based on
the lower of those two.  However, if the Posted Collateral is a letter of
credit, then a party should be entitled to hold the letter of credit
regardless of their Credit Rating.  Under the terms of (g)(i), the party and
it's Custodian are individually entitled to hold Posted Collateral.
However, there are no requirements for a Custodian.  I believe the
requirement of a Qualified Institution should apply to the Custodian.  If
there is a ratings requirement for the party in order for it to hold Posted
Collateral and the party is no longer in compliance with that ratings
requirement, then in order to comply with the general terms of the CSA, the
party would have to transfer the Posted Collateral to a Custodian which met
the requirements of a Custodian or else it would be in breach of the
agreement (which would be an Event of Default if not remedied within 30
days).  Therefore, if you apply the requirements of a Qualified Institution
to a Custodian under (g)(i), then (g)(ii)(2) and (3) can be removed.
Finally, we would like the requirements of the Custodian to be a rating of
at least A/A2 and having total assets of at least US $10,000,000,000.
CSA (h)(iii) Alternative to Interest Amount.  Subparagraph (A) should not
apply.  In the event that the downgraded party is the Secured Party (and
they were at the time of downgrade holding Posted Collateral) and Posted
Collateral is moved to a Custodian, there is no reason why the Pledgor, who
was not downgraded, should be penalized by not receiving interest payments
in the form of cash when they are paid on the Posted Collateral.  As a
matter of fact, it is my understanding that it is more difficult
operationally to reinvest such funds and much easier to pay them to the
Pledgor.
CSA (m) Other Provisions.  The definition of Federal Funds Effective Rate is
not necessary.  Please amend the definition of Letter of Credit to reflect
the requirements of the issuing bank to include a rating of A/A2 and having
total assets of at least US $10,000,000,000.  The definition of Material
Adverse Change should be amended to reflect the rating of both Moody's and
S&P.
Exhibit A Letter of Credit Provisions.  (b) Please delete the parenthetical
in line 3 to 4 and conform (i) to the amended definition of Letter of Credit
with respect to the requirements of the issuing bank.  (d)(ii) Y should be
entitled to draw under the LC in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph
8 of the CSA and not only upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.  The
first sentence of this section should be amended accordingly.  (e) Please
clarify the intent of this section.  It is rather confusing as written.
Schedule I.  The statement to be presented to the issuing bank should
conform to the circumstances under Paragraph 8 of the CSA under which the
Secured Party can demand payment and not just be limited to an Event of
Default.
- Enron Gty to DLJ.doc
- Enron Multiple.DOC
We're almost ready - a few more minutes
"Rosenblum, Gary(CICG-GEDNY)"  	06/14/2000 02:56 PM
- Doc5_.doc
forget the earlier message.  this is it
"Rosenblum, Gary(CICG-GEDNY)"  	06/14/2000 03:18 PM
- Doc5__.doc
Bob:  Hope all is well.  Per my voice mail, attached is the confirm.  I'm 
trying to refresh my knowledge of equity derivatives and securities issues 
(for ENE).  You can reach me at 713/853-5620.  Let me know what your schedule 
looks like.   It's looking like a wave of equity deals is coming my way Thanks.  Sara
Jeff Nogid
06/09/2000 09:23 AM
Sara-
Here is a copy of a trade confirm.  Can you spot any problems?
Jeff
Jeff, as we discussed, attached is the confirm for the forward.
- ECT Forward Confirm51.doc
Carol:  What's this about?
"Linda Busk"  	06/15/2000 12:19 PM
Please provide me with the following:
Address for FedEx
Your Phone number
Your Fax number
Sara, this information is needed regarding the Assignments you are working on 
with Carol St. Clair.  Thanks.
Susan:  will you please handle. Thanks.  Sara
Michael Khajeh-Noori
06/16/2000 05:37 AM
Any progress with this?
Thanks
Michael
Michael Khajeh-Noori
06/09/2000 07:28 PM
We have just completed a nightmare negotiation involving a confirmation with 
this counterparty and propose entering into an English law ISDA Master with 
them to avoid future problems.  I understand that one is already in existence 
between this c/p and ECT.  I suggest that we could mirror this and send it to 
the cp as a starter.  If you think that this would be appropriate please 
could you send me a copy of the Duke/ECT Schedule, CSA and any guaranties.
Have a great weekend.
Many thanks
Michael
Please review and let's talk.  Thanks.  SS
FYI
Sheila Glover
06/16/2000 07:50 AM
This is the response I got back from Goldman which is parallel to the 
Bhaskar's e-mail on 6/9/00.
sg 
Below is the response that we received from our Agent.  Please call me at
(2120 902-1930 with any questions that you may have.
This has reference to our telecon. Enclosed is the relevant RBI regulation
for the captioned company (ABC) to sell its stake in the local company. To
effect the sale, ABC would require an approval from Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) even though the stock is listed. The documentation required varies
depending on whether the stock is thinly traded or actively traded. RBI's
definition of thinly traded is included in the regulation.
The company is required to fill out Form TS1 (I  am enclosing the format)
and submit this to RBI. In addition, the RBI requires certain documents
which are detailed in the form itself.
Trust this helps. Any other information that you require, please do not
hesitate to get in touch.
(See attached file: Sale of Holdings of the Mauritius company.doc)
Any opinions, express or implied,  presented are solely those
of the author and do not necessarily represent those of
Standard Chartered Group
- Sale of Holdings of the Mauritius company.doc
Paul:  I think you are trying to avoid me!  Hope all is well and you are just 
overworked and overwhelmed.  I am now working with Moazzam Khoja in Houston 
who is part of the enroncredit.com group most of which (as I understand) is 
located in London.  In connection with that group's activities, I have some 
questions and all fingers point to you.
(1)  Do you have credit derivative research that may be applicable for credit 
derivative transactions (including your online "bankruptcy swap") in the US I am sure that you've already explored the "insurance" issue and I don't want 
to duplicate reasearch, if possible.
(2)  What forms have you devised?  Are they online?   Should I just grab a 
password?
(3)  Are the enroncredit.com traders in the UK required by the SFA to take an 
SFA exam (I'm guessing it's a broker or securities exam)?  Is trading in 
credit derivatives regulated, or regulated differently than other types of 
derivatives?  I am trying to determine whether Moazzam needs to take the 
Series 7 here in the US; our traders taking that exam must be dealing in 
"securites" for that exam to be necessary.
(4)  Where is enroncredit.com headed?
I would very much appreciate your [PROMPT] reply.  Sara
Joann Dobson
212/469-2577
Edward Sacks@
06/16/2000 02:15 PM
FYI
Cindy Richardson
06/16/2000 08:40 AM
I will be on vacation on Friday, June 30.  Sara
Carol St Clair
06/16/2000 03:57 PM
Group:
Mark has okay'ed having a going away lunch for Rod.  Looks like the week of 
June 26th works best for Rod.  Please e-mail Suzanne Adams by Monday of next 
week any days that week that do not work for you so we can pick a date Thanks.
Carol
Rod:  I'm thinking ahead with respect to Enron Corp./Hickerson matters.  A 
few current issues include:
(1)  Nogid/Freeland seem to be entering into more equity swaps.  I have asked 
that copes of all equity transactions be forwarded to my attention 
immediately.  The first order of business includes transacting with the 
following parties in the following order:
1.  Credit Suisse First Boston ("CSFB").  We have an ECT ISDA with Credit 
Suisse Financial Products which I believe is the predecessor to CSFB.  Can 
you verify?  Do we need to amend or create a new master?
2.  Bear Stearns (I believe that it will be Bear Stearns International 
Limited because equities are done offshore)
3.  Lehman Brothers Finance S.A.  (you already provided credit)
Please let me know about 1 and 2 above.
(2)  Credit derivatives and distressed loan transactions
On May 18, 2000, I provided you with a list of the types of transactions 
originating in Kinneman's group by ECT Investments.  Do these guys ever need 
to communicate with credit?  How do you monitor? 
Please let me know who I should be speaking with about these transactions.
Do you think that we should give Susan B., Susan F.  and Tana an expression 
of thanks for their work during Marie's departure?  I was thinking that a 
gift certificate would be appropriate (e.g., spa services, Enron gift 
products, etc.) and it might send the message that we do know and appreciate 
their efforts.   Sara  
I made some changes to the language below assuming use for an ISDA.  My only=20
problem is that I am not certain that the IPE description is what we use=20
(I'll defer to your verification) but it appears each monthly calculation=20
incorporates pricing from three different delivery month contracts.  Sara
P.S.  I would like a copy of the Platt's marketwire if you can locate
=09Carol St Clair
=0906/16/2000 05:19 PM
=09=09=20
Sara:
This is Greek to me.  Can you help?
carol
=09Souad Mahmassani
=0906/16/2000 04:17 PM
=09=09
Carol,
Please advise on the below matter.  I currently have 5 Dated IPE Brent deals=20
where a confirm has not gone out yet. =20
Thanks,=20
Susan Flynn@ECT
06/14/2000 05:17 PM
Carol  -  can you respond to this for Souad?   Thank you!
Susan D. Flynn
=09Souad Mahmassani
=0906/14/2000 04:02 PM
=09=09
Susan=20
We need your help on this language. Please see the below blue paragraphs,=20
particularly "Common Pricing" clause. =20
London wants us to add this in our Dated vs IPE brent spreads. This allows=20
the settlement of the deal to be based on only good business days for both=20
indices. =20
We got the permission from our (ENA) trader to use the languange in the below=20
ENA-ECTInternational deals, but we are not sure about all other Dated vs IPE=20
brent deals.  Our trader has agreed to this because he has no position, but=20
ECTInternational is going to want this clause in all similar spread deals. =20
Please advise
=20
Souad/Sheetal,
Do not revise these deals.  Show this language to our Crude guys.  We have=20
had a problem recently with the below.  The "Common Pricing" clause below=20
would mean that when IPE is closed then the price Platt's publishes that day=20
would be void.  Our guys do not like that ideology.  Therefore, check with=20
them before doing this.  Also, we should get approval from legal before using=20
the below.
Joe
Sheetal Patel
06/09/2000 09:18 AM
Hi Souad,
The following deal numbers need to be revised.  They need to have the blue=20
language below in the confirms.  Let me know if you have any questions.
NJ1204
NJ1271
NJ1285
NJ1296
Thanks,
Sheetal Sheetal
I'm sorry - here you are!
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Crude Oil Assessments published in the table entitled =01&Crude Price=20
Assessments: International US$/BBL: Brent (DTD)=018 in the issue of Platt=01,s=20
Crude Oil Marketwire ("Platts") that reports prices effective for such=20
Business  Days during the Calculation Period minus the average of the daily=20
settlement prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Futures Contract for=20
each Commodity Business Day for the applicable Calculation Period, with the=20
exception of the last Commodity Business Day of the prompt month on which day=20
the settlement price for the Second Nearby Month will be used.=20
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal Patel
08/06/2000 22:51
Hi Chris,
I have not received any language from you.  Just wanted to make sure you=20
didnt forget. =20
Thanks,
Sheetal 
Jeff Blumenthal
06/18/2000 04:16 PM
Sara,
For your information.   .  Jeff
Jeff:  In case you are not aware, there is another attorney that assists 
Jaime with his trading business.  Her name is Sara Shackleton and I am sure 
she would appreciate being informed of tax matters related to the Mexico 
Group's trading activities.
Jeff Blumenthal
06/12/2000 03:44 PM
Jaime,
In connection with our telephone conversation with Susan Helton last Friday, 
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the possibility of Enron North 
America Corp. ("ENA") assigning some or all of its ISDA agreements entered 
into with Mexican counterparties to an Enron entity formed under the laws of 
Mexico ("Enron Mexico").  Such a transfer would cause ENA to be subject to 
U.S. federal income tax (at a 35 percent rate) on the value of the contracts 
assigned.
As we discussed, one alternative may be for Enron Mexico to enter into new 
ISDA agreements with the Mexican counterparties, and to allow the ISDA 
agreements entered into by Mexican counterparties with ENA to lapse or, 
alternatively, to cancel such agreements.  While such an alternative may be 
preferable from a U.S. tax perspective, other business concerns must also be 
considered (such as credit issues).
Please contact me at ext. 35777 if you'd like to discuss further.
,
Jeff
Don't worry - I already spoke to Souad.  SS
=09Carol St Clair
=0906/16/2000 05:19 PM
=09=09=20
Sara:
This is Greek to me.  Can you help?
carol
=09Souad Mahmassani
=0906/16/2000 04:17 PM
=09=09
Carol,
Please advise on the below matter.  I currently have 5 Dated IPE Brent deals=20
where a confirm has not gone out yet. =20
Thanks,=20
Susan Flynn@ECT
06/14/2000 05:17 PM
Carol  -  can you respond to this for Souad?   Thank you!
Susan D. Flynn
=09Souad Mahmassani
=0906/14/2000 04:02 PM
=09=09
Susan=20
We need your help on this language. Please see the below blue paragraphs,=20
particularly "Common Pricing" clause. =20
London wants us to add this in our Dated vs IPE brent spreads. This allows=20
the settlement of the deal to be based on only good business days for both=20
indices. =20
We got the permission from our (ENA) trader to use the languange in the below=20
ENA-ECTInternational deals, but we are not sure about all other Dated vs IPE=20
brent deals.  Our trader has agreed to this because he has no position, but=20
ECTInternational is going to want this clause in all similar spread deals. =20
Please advise
=20
Souad/Sheetal,
Do not revise these deals.  Show this language to our Crude guys.  We have=20
had a problem recently with the below.  The "Common Pricing" clause below=20
would mean that when IPE is closed then the price Platt's publishes that day=20
would be void.  Our guys do not like that ideology.  Therefore, check with=20
them before doing this.  Also, we should get approval from legal before using=20
the below.
Joe
Sheetal Patel
06/09/2000 09:18 AM
Hi Souad,
The following deal numbers need to be revised.  They need to have the blue=20
language below in the confirms.  Let me know if you have any questions.
NJ1204
NJ1271
NJ1285
NJ1296
Thanks,
Sheetal Sheetal
I'm sorry - here you are!
Floating Price:
The mean of the arithmetic average of the daily high and low quotations for=20
Crude Oil Assessments published in the table entitled =01&Crude Price=20
Assessments: International US$/BBL: Brent (DTD)=018 in the issue of Platt=01,s=20
Crude Oil Marketwire ("Platts") that reports prices effective for such=20
Business  Days during the Calculation Period minus the average of the daily=20
settlement prices for the prompt month of the IPE Brent Futures Contract for=20
each Commodity Business Day for the applicable Calculation Period, with the=20
exception of the last Commodity Business Day of the prompt month on which day=20
the settlement price for the Second Nearby Month will be used.=20
Common Pricing:
Pricing to be effective only on the days when both the IPE is open and Platts=20
publish their dated Brent assessment.
Cheers
Chris
:)
Sheetal Patel
08/06/2000 22:51
Hi Chris,
I have not received any language from you.  Just wanted to make sure you=20
didnt forget. =20
Thanks,
Sheetal 
Hope all is well.  How do I get in touch with you?  Sara
I'll be reachable all afternoon at (713) 664-3207.  Please feel free to call 
me.  Thanks.  Sara
Sheila Glover
04/14/2000 11:36 AM
Sara,
Org chart attached.
Per conversation with Jeff Kinneman who was in London this week, London Credt 
Trading will be trading in Bank default swaps .  The name of the entity is 
still to be determined.  Jeff will be authorized to execute trades for the 
entity and the trades will be in the name of the entity and not back-to-back 
with our books.
Sheila
The market for this Transaction is less liquid than other OTC derivatives 
markets and, accordingly, this Transaction may be subject to greater risk 
than other derivatives transactions.
This should be added to the confirm as:
(i)  numbered paragraph 2 for the ISDA confirm
(ii)  the second sentence (opening paragraph) of the omnibus
I guess you know that Mark was inquiring as to who had ordered these.  I'd 
like a copy of the Japanese materials.  thanks.  Sara
Tana Jones
06/20/2000 08:32 AM
I had to order a set of the ISDA Japanese documents for John Viverito, who 
will be leaving for Japan soon, so if anyone needs a copy I have them.  Also, 
London sent me a copy of the Amsterdam Power Exchange Rules, which I don't 
think anyone will need, but if you do, I have those too.
All:  Attached are Bob's comments.  I have not yet reviewed but will do so=20
shortly.  We're making progress on the masters.  And it will be important to=20
track ALL EQUITY CONFIRMATIONS.  I would appreciate your advising me whenever=20
Enron Corp. transacts derivatives/forwards, whether in the name of Enron=20
Corp. or ENA, on a timely basis.  This will obvioiusly eliminate delays in=20
reviewing the language and will make it easier to speak with both Rex and=20
Bob.  Thanks.  Sara
=09@; Bob  =09Sent by: @; Rebecca  =0906/20/2000 09:12 AM
=09=09=20
Sara:
As promised, this email discusses the securities laws issues involved
with equity derivatives, I
then make a few observations about the relationship between the securities
and commodities laws, and I
then makes some comments on the confirmations you sent me (both securities
laws comments and other
comments.
The principal securities laws issues relate to the fact that the equity
derivative itself is a security and to the
issue of whether and to what extent a counterparty=01,s activities in
establishing or unwinding a hedge are
attributable to the issuer.  When Enron enters into a derivative and the
counterparty goes out into the
market to make a purchase, is that purchase attributable to Enron?  When it
unwinds its hedge by making
a sale, is the counterparty=01,s sale attributable to Enron and therefore
required to be registered?  Here are
the principal issues:
1)  Rule 10b-5.  When Enron enters into a derivative, it must be sure it
does
not have undisclosed
material inside information regarding its affairs.  It is my understanding
that the traders are
supposed to check with Rex Rogers on the issue of whether Enron possesses
such information.
Although it could discharge its obligations under Rule 10b-5 by disclosing
the information to the
counterparty, that would probably be unacceptable since the counterparty
would then be in
possession of material inside information and could not engage in a market
transaction to hedge.
Thus, each time it enters into an equity derivative in its own stock, Enron
must be confident that
the public has available to it all material information regarding Enron.
2)  Rule 10b-18.  This rule permits issuers and persons acting in concert
with issuers to repurchase
the issuer=01,s  shares under a =01&safe harbor=018 that says in effect that if
purchases are made pursuant
to the rule they won=01,t be deemed to be manipulative by reason of the timing
and amounts of the
bids or purchases.  It is typical for an issuer to require its counterparty
to make purchases
pursuant to the rule.  Sometimes this is a contractual undertaking in the
confirmation, and in
some cases the issuer will simply obtain an oral commitment from the
counterparty to engage in
its hedges pursuant to the rule.  Obviously, it is better to have it in
writing.
3)  Registration of Sales.  If Enron decides to net share settle and issues
shares to the counterparty,
those are obviously restricted securities that cannot be sold by the
counterparty in the absence of a
registration statement.  But what about the resales by the issuer when it
unwinds its hedge that it
has put on by buying shares in the open market?  Are those sales
attributable
to the issuer so
therefore required to be registered?  I have seen lots of counterparties,
based on advice of their
law firms, take different positions on this:
a)  Some counterparties say that they want registration rights covering
resales of shares
purchased in the open market to hedge a derivative with the issuer.  If the
economics of
the derivative are determined based on the net proceeds from the sales, it=01,s
a more
difficult case because the issuer itself is realizing benefits and
detriments
from the sales.
b)  Some counterparties say they want registration rights covering resales
of
shares
purchased in the open market to hedge a derivative with the issuer only if
there is a
strong correlation at the onset of the contract between the terms of the
derivative and the
hedge.  It it=01,s a total return swap, for example, there will be a 1:1
correspondence (i.e.
the economics will tell you that the counterparty will buy 100% of the
shares
covered by
the swap immediately upon entering into the swap); but if it=01,s something
like
a collar
with divergent strike prices and involves dynamic hedging where it=01,s not
clear whether
and to what extent the counterparty will make purchases or sales in the open
market,
then it=01,s not as easy to attribute the counterparty=01,s actions to the issuer.
In those cases
these counterparties look at the correlation and if it=01,s not that great they
don=01,t ask for
registration rights.
c)  Some counterparties say they don=01,t want registration rights for resales
of stock
purchased in the open market to hedge their position.
Credit Suisse First Boston falls in category c) with respect to the May 2000
confirmation you sent
me. Even though there is a strong correlation between the deal and the hedge
( i.e. even though
in that case they will no doubt immediately purchase 100% of the shares
covered by the
transaction) they are only asking for registration rights with respect to
the
shares that are
delivered by Enron on net share settlement.
4)  Commodities Laws.  Under the commodities laws there are some risks in
doing equity swaps in
that one has to rely on the swaps policy statement rather than the swaps
exemption, but those
risks are probably minimal enough that Enron is willing to take them.  (The
swaps exemption
does not cover equity swaps.)  With respect to equity options, they are
outside the CFTC=01,s
jurisdiction altogether.  Forward contracts present the most difficult
issues
in that there is a lot of
case law and CFTC lore about the distinction between forwards and futures,
and a key distinction
is that forwards are physical delivery contracts that bind the parties to
make and take delivery.
State bucket shop laws outlaw contracts that purport to be contracts for
sale
of a security that are
to be settled based on market price quotations.  So I would counsel Enron
not
to enter into any
forward contract that has a cash settlement alternative.  Although one can
argue that net share
settlement has the same defects, I don=01,t feel as strongly about that because
you could get to where
you want to get by physically delivering the  shares and issuing  new shares
in payment; the
theory is that you actually delivered shares and just netted them out; that
is not quite as bad as
flying in the face of the case law and CFTC lore on net cash settlement.
The Bear Stearns Confirmation and Cancellation.  I really don=01,t have any
comments on this; I think the
cancellation was effective to cancel the parties obligations.  The
confirmation did not present any
registration issues.  I guess I would say that if you do something precisely
like this you might get them to
agree to make any hedge purchases pursuant to Rule 10b-18, but that=01,s it.
The Credit Suisse First Boston Confirmation.  This is an extremely well
written document.  For the
reasons discussed above, I would counsel against entering into this kind of
transaction with the cash
settlement feature, in light of the risk that it could be characterized as
an
illegal, unenforceable futures
contract.  A few other comments: They say automatic early termination
applies, but I think that is a really
bad idea.  Enron had an agreement with a counterparty that took bankruptcy
and Enron did not find out
about it until a few days later, after the market had moved; since Enron did
not know of the termination it
did not unwind its hedge, yet the ISDA said that the amounts payable on
termination would depend on the
termination date pricing.  So Enron took a loss.  You ought to always have
within your control the right to
terminate.  This is especially true of U.S. parties, but I would think the
same would apply to foreign
parties unless there is something peculiar about the law of the jurisdiction
you are dealing with.
Both Confirmations  Both confirmations have language that says that if the
parties have not entered into
an ISDA Master then the counterparties=01, standard form controls.  I think it
is not a good idea to agree to
such language because you are agreeing to something you know nothing about.
Additional Comment.  I think that whenever a counterparty requests
registration rights Rex should be
involved.  I think the CSFB confirmation=01,s provisions relating to
registration are fine, and of course they
can=01,t force us to register because the choice of net share settling is
purely
our choice.  Nevertheless, I
think that Rex needs to be involved so you and Rex need to get this point
across to the business people that
they shouldn=01,t just sign a confirmation and then send it to you and ask if
it
is ok.
But my bottom line is the only change I would make would be eliminating the
net cash settlement feature
in the CSFB confirmation.
Edward Sacks@
06/20/2000 09:39 AM
Prior to our meeting last Friday, I had provided the guaranty template 
(below) to Western Resources, Inc.  The counterparty has approved the 
languange without any changes.  The request is for a $15,000,000 outgoing 
guaranty to cover both financial derivatives (gas and power) as well as 
physical gas.  Please advise on how we should proceed on the guaranty 
issuance.  FYI-On 6/15/00, I forwarded to Susan Flynn's attention a credit 
worksheet so that we can prepare ISDA docs.
Ed Sacks
Edward Sacks
06/16/2000 08:55 AM
Attached please find the guaranty form for your review.  If you have any 
comments or questions, please forward to my attention, so that we can proceed 
accordingly. 
Ed Sacks
(713) 345-7712 
Hi, Patricia!  Just thought I'd drop you a quick note to see what you might 
have available by Maxwell Hendler.  I understand that you had a recent show 
of his work.  Please drop me an email or you can reach me at work (713) 
853-5620.  Mike and I still think about "Tangee", "Aqua Pool", etc.  I hope 
you are doing well and we look forward to returning to L.A. soon.  Thanks 
very much.   .  Sara
per my voice mail
"Jim Piccone"  	06/20/2000 02:41 PM
- HS Resources - Enron.doc
- Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
Attached are the two (2) sets of assignments with attached trade descriptions.
(1)  the first set (first two docs) is an assignment of trades between ENA 
and HS Resources, Inc.; after execution of the assignment, the trades will be 
between ENA and HS Energy Services, Inc.  subject to the ISDA which we are 
now negotiating [the second doc is an appendix consisting of 5 trades and I 
have asked the desk to confirm that these are the only outstanding trades]
(2)  the second set (last two docs) is an assignment of trades between J. 
Aron & Company and HS Energy Services, Inc; after execution of the 
assignment, the trades will be between J.Aron & Company and ENA subject to 
the 8/14/94 J.Aron/ENA ISDA [the fourth doc is an appendix of all existing 
trades between J.Aron/HS Energy Services, Inc.  I have no idea where this 
came from but I assume it is part of your agreement with HS.  Who is 
verifying the trades and are all trade terms acceptable?  Presently, the 
assignment is drafted such that a conflict between the Master and a confirm 
will be governed by the Master]
"Jim Piccone"  	06/20/2000 02:41 PM
- HS Resources - Enron.doc
- Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
Tana:  Jason still does not have access to the Financial Trading dababase Can you facilitate please?  thanks.  Sara
There was a flurry of activity in March, 1997 involving Petron but it was on 
the physical side and we never made it to the swap issues.  Again in April, 
1998, Manuel and John Enerson began looking into the issue of gaming statutes 
in an effort to attack legislation in the Philippines.  No further legal work 
was ever attempted.  Hope this helps.   .   SS
Anita Fam
07/18/99 08:46 PM
All -
I'll be happy to do the legal due dliligence and ISDA documentation from here.
Bill/Cynthia:
Please let me know who in Credit will be handling this so that I can 
coordinate with them when the need arises.
Sara:
When Janice mentioned the legal due diligence with regard to commodity 
derivatives in the Philippines, did she mean the legal survey done by Allen Overy?  If so , I've got copies of all that and can take it from here. If 
that isn't the case and you've done more ISDA work in the Phillipines since 
then, I'd be forever grateful if you could send over whatever copies of the 
stuff which you have for me to suss out the situation there.
Mark T. /Janice:
Is there any particular law firm whom we should work with this time round?
Thanks, all.
Rgds,
Anita
Alan B Aronowitz
07/16/99 10:41 PM
Anita/Sara:
I would suggest that Anita handle while coordinating with Sara on the 
background of the previous work product.
Alan
Janice Moore
07/13/99 10:19 AM
Well, it looks like we might have a shot at an ISDA w/ a PHilippines 
company.  One issue that discussed w/ Manuel but he does not mention in his 
note is that we would probably require an enforceability opinion from Petron 
(a compnay jointly owned by the PHilippines govt and Saudi Aramco).  I'm not 
sure which credit dept. would handle this deal, but Cynthia Schnedier has 
some familiarity w/ Petron.   I'll leave it to Mark, Alan and Anita to 
determine whether Anita will handle the ISDA or whether it will be someone 
from Houston (Sara S. did the original legal due diligence on the 
enforceability of commodities derivatives contracts in the PHilippines).
Wang Moi Eng
12.07.99 22:31
Manuel,
Thanks for the update and we look forward to meet Petron traders/risk 
management team during our next visit to Manila, probably during our first 
cargo of gasoil to FGH, currently planned for end August / early September. 
Kindly let us know on new developments. For your information, John is away on 
home leave and will be back in office only after mid - August 
,
Eng
Dear John,
Yayette Ventigan of Petron informed me yesterday that the energy derivatives 
course conducted by Paradigm in Manila from July 7 to 10 was well-received I sensed that the course was not deemed easy by the Petron participants Further, Yayette indicated that they could have easily used up more time for 
the same amount of material.
Given the Paradigm course (and the Citibank course which Yayette attended in 
Australia), Yayette indicated that the Petron Board will most likely give the 
marching orders to Petron management on July 27 to (1) develop an initial, 
basic and conservative hedging program for Petron?s fuel oil and gasoil 
supplied to the National Power Corporation and (2) go out to the market (most 
likely through a bid process) and execute a financial risk management 
contract (ISDA).
Yayette indicated that Petron looks forward to the working meeting with 
Enron?s Singapore traders.  I indicated to Yayette that end of August to 
early September would probably be convenient for us.  Yayette could not yet 
determine an appropriate time for Petron.
With respect to legal expectations, Petron appears to be at ease with the
following:
?  In general, the concept of disassociating the financial risk management 
contract from the Philippines with the exception of Petron Corporation (a 
Philippine corporation) being a party to the contract.
?  Petron executing a financial risk management contract with an offshore 
counter-party like Citibank Australia or ECT Singapore.
?  Petron physically executing the contract outside the Philippines.
?  The contract to be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
I did point out to Yayette the need for offshore collateral in the form of a 
Letter of Credit, which is consistent with the risk of non-enforcement for 
collateral in the Philippines.  Yayette indicated that she would raise this 
issue in her discussions with Petron treasury.
More later as I receive more feedback from Petron.
,
Manuel
Jim:  We are still trying to resolve the ISDA issues.  On a slightly 
different note, could you please send me copies of the executed confirmations 
for the five trades that HSES has with J. Aron?  My fax number is (713) 
646-3490.  Thanks.  Sara
"Jim Piccone"  	06/20/2000 02:41 PM
- HS Resources - Enron.doc
- Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
Jason:  Please stay in touch with Sarah.  We really do need to finalize with 
Bank One by Friday 	Sarah Wesner@
06/20/2000 07:24 PM
Joe - attached is a first shot at getting a handle on all the differences 
between the proposed and existing margin lines.  I plan to do more analysis 
with respect to covenants and warranties but this hits the main points.  The 
analysis between rates will be very complex and may be something best left to 
the research Group.  We can go through why this is such a complex issue to 
model.  What I do plan to do is update historical info. so that based on the 
past we can make general statements such as over time Fed Funds + X bp  to LIBOR + X bp.
A quick synapses of difficult items:
Commissions vs. Margin lines - will trading desk use facility for many trades 
or less frequent trades for smaller amounts
Short on Financial gas vs. Long on physical gas - cash flow differentials and 
how we can model the cost of cash to fund the working capital (as you 
explained to me today)
What positions the trader take and how our equity position is at that exact 
time.  Will we trade in a similar fashion in the future?
From what I understand the trading desks do not have ready access to the 
above  information in a format which lends itself to modelling of reasonable 
complexity or do not wish to share it with us (understandable considering the 
sensitive nature of the business.)  The ideal situation would be for the 
desks to decide themselves whether a line makes sense for them based on the 
pricing provided.  As mentioned above, I believe that we should be able to 
explain why a certain base rate would be attractive but am not sure how to 
estimate the value of a line to the traders without detailed information Perhaps the best division of labour would be for the desks to decide what 
loan would be most valuable based on the desk's trading patterns while we 
could focus on getting the line in place as quickly as possible.  If you 
disagree, please let me know and I will try to rethink how to model this 
appropriately 
Sarah
Sara Shackleton
06/21/2000 08:39 AM
Jason:  Please stay in touch with Sarah.  We really do need to finalize with 
Bank One by Friday 	Sarah Wesner@
06/20/2000 07:24 PM
Joe - attached is a first shot at getting a handle on all the differences 
between the proposed and existing margin lines.  I plan to do more analysis 
with respect to covenants and warranties but this hits the main points.  The 
analysis between rates will be very complex and may be something best left to 
the research Group.  We can go through why this is such a complex issue to 
model.  What I do plan to do is update historical info. so that based on the 
past we can make general statements such as over time Fed Funds + X bp  to LIBOR + X bp.
A quick synapses of difficult items:
Commissions vs. Margin lines - will trading desk use facility for many trades 
or less frequent trades for smaller amounts
Short on Financial gas vs. Long on physical gas - cash flow differentials and 
how we can model the cost of cash to fund the working capital (as you 
explained to me today)
What positions the trader take and how our equity position is at that exact 
time.  Will we trade in a similar fashion in the future?
From what I understand the trading desks do not have ready access to the 
above  information in a format which lends itself to modelling of reasonable 
complexity or do not wish to share it with us (understandable considering the 
sensitive nature of the business.)  The ideal situation would be for the 
desks to decide themselves whether a line makes sense for them based on the 
pricing provided.  As mentioned above, I believe that we should be able to 
explain why a certain base rate would be attractive but am not sure how to 
estimate the value of a line to the traders without detailed information Perhaps the best division of labour would be for the desks to decide what 
loan would be most valuable based on the desk's trading patterns while we 
could focus on getting the line in place as quickly as possible.  If you 
disagree, please let me know and I will try to rethink how to model this 
appropriately 
Sarah
fyi
Susan Flynn
06/21/2000 08:38 AM
Florencia - the resolutions which you sent to me by facsimile yesterday are 
not in the format we use to open brokerage accounts.  We always use the same 
form to be in compliance with Enron's Risk Management Policy.  I think that 
Nancy Muchmore will be preparing the resolutions and sending them to 
Argentina. 
Susan D. Flynn
Rafael Rangel@
06/20/2000 04:35 PM
Please let me know so that hopefully we can finish this thing off this week Next week, I will be in Brazil so maybe I can take this issue of my pending 
list.
RFR
Florencia Groppo  Please respond to "florencia.groppo@hds.com.ar"  Dear Rafael,
I talked with Susan, and I am faxing her the board resolution to open 
brokerage accounts.
Florencia Groppo
Florencia, did you and Susan get a chance to talk today?
RFR
Rafael Rangel
06/16/2000 03:43 PM
Florencia, we are lacking only one thing to finalize this matter.  We will
need to modify the corporate resolutions that you prepared.  I have asked
Susan Flynn (713-853-0975) to work with you on making the appropriate
modifications to the corporate resolutions.  I left a message at your
office today and am requesting that you call Susan on Tuesday to make the
modifications.
Susan, thanks for your help.  Robert, I am proceeding as we discussed.
RFR
Florencia Groppo  
Please respond to "florencia.groppo@hds.com.ar"
Estimado Rafael,
Necesitar?a saber en que estado se encuentra el tr?mite de la
conversi?n de ADR y su dep?sito en la cuenta de Edide.
Muchas gracias
Florencia Groppo
Hi, Shari:  Carol told me that you and Peggy have some memoranda addressing 
the validity of local derivatives trading in Mexico.  I would appreciate 
copies.  Do I need to also place these in our legal opinion database Thanks.  Sara
Attached is Sara's Project List.
Jim:  I couldn't tell if you received this message.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
06/21/2000 08:36 AM
Jim:  We are still trying to resolve the ISDA issues.  On a slightly 
different note, could you please send me copies of the executed confirmations 
for the five trades that HSES has with J. Aron?  My fax number is (713) 
646-3490.  Thanks.  Sara
"Jim Piccone"  	06/20/2000 02:41 PM
- HS Resources - Enron.doc
- Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
Mark:  ENA is looking into derivatives trading with an Indian corporate.  My 
latest information is the opinion from 1/14/97 rendered by Crawford Bayley Co. (which was part of our global survey effort a few years ago).  Do you 
have anything more recent?  The ENA inquiry came from the pulp and paper 
group.  Thanks for your help.  Sara
fyi.  also, I just spoke with Sarah Wesner (ext. 35261) who will coordinate 
with you.  You can review the note with her and let's talk about their 
guaranty (will our guaranty format work?).  Also, I'm almost inclined to go 
with their commitment letter (if revised) in lieu of a lengthier agreement SS
Sarah Wesner@
06/20/2000 07:24 PM
Joe - attached is a first shot at getting a handle on all the differences 
between the proposed and existing margin lines.  I plan to do more analysis 
with respect to covenants and warranties but this hits the main points.  The 
analysis between rates will be very complex and may be something best left to 
the research Group.  We can go through why this is such a complex issue to 
model.  What I do plan to do is update historical info. so that based on the 
past we can make general statements such as over time Fed Funds + X bp  to LIBOR + X bp.
A quick synapses of difficult items:
Commissions vs. Margin lines - will trading desk use facility for many trades 
or less frequent trades for smaller amounts
Short on Financial gas vs. Long on physical gas - cash flow differentials and 
how we can model the cost of cash to fund the working capital (as you 
explained to me today)
What positions the trader take and how our equity position is at that exact 
time.  Will we trade in a similar fashion in the future?
From what I understand the trading desks do not have ready access to the 
above  information in a format which lends itself to modelling of reasonable 
complexity or do not wish to share it with us (understandable considering the 
sensitive nature of the business.)  The ideal situation would be for the 
desks to decide themselves whether a line makes sense for them based on the 
pricing provided.  As mentioned above, I believe that we should be able to 
explain why a certain base rate would be attractive but am not sure how to 
estimate the value of a line to the traders without detailed information Perhaps the best division of labour would be for the desks to decide what 
loan would be most valuable based on the desk's trading patterns while we 
could focus on getting the line in place as quickly as possible.  If you 
disagree, please let me know and I will try to rethink how to model this 
appropriately 
Sarah
Paul:  Please see below.  How serious is this inquiry as it will require some 
work on the legal side?  Sara
Mark Elliott
06/22/2000 08:37 AM
Sara,
I had a call on this from Bob a few weeks ago.  I told him that generally it 
was ok, but that we would need to revise our file should he require a 
definitive position, plus we would need to ensure that advice which we 
ploughed through earlier last year was still current.  He told me not to do 
any more work on this at the time because it was not clear whether there was 
any chance of doing a deal with an Indian counterparty.
I am more than willing to send you ou all my notes, etc, however, which 
crunched through the 1/14/97 opinion with Crawford's and asked supplemental 
questions.
Kind  
Mark 
Mark:  ENA is looking into derivatives trading with an Indian corporate.  My 
latest information is the opinion from 1/14/97 rendered by Crawford Bayley Co. (which was part of our global survey effort a few years ago).  Do you 
have anything more recent?  The ENA inquiry came from the pulp and paper 
group.  Thanks for your help.  Sara
Lisa Palmer
05/12/99 08:17 AM
Thanks Sara. I called John late yesterday and left a voice mail saying that 
we could begin pricing the deal while the lawyers worked on the ISDA.  I have 
not heard from him yet, either.  I will let you know if anything progresses 
on the deal side.  Will you let me know what progresses on the ISDA and legal 
side.  Also, if I am around, will you let me know when the conference call 
with the lawyers is.   I would like to sit in on the call.  Hopefully,  I 
will speak with John today and hear more about it.  Since I inherited this 
account from someone who recently left Enron, I don't know John as well as I 
would if he had been my client all along.  Of course,  I am not complaining always happy to inherit a client ready to do a deal.
Thanks again for your help.
Lisa
Andrea Bertone forwarded the recent memo about the new Brazilian Regulatory 
Affairs' Database.  I can access the index through Enron's intranet but I 
receive the message that Netscape cannot acces the address 
"  when I try to access one of the six parts of the 
database.  I am an ECT user (not Enron Development).  Can you help me to 
access the site or tell me what I need to do to view legislation, documents, 
etc.?  Thanks very much.  Sara  
fyi (I've asked Sheila to add your name to the list).  Sara
Sheila Glover
06/22/2000 09:02 AM
Sara,
Equity Trading has started a new executing broker relationship with Jeffries 
in Dallas.  They are an OTC Market Maker in names we are interested in. They 
have flow and research in the names we want to trade.
I have requested them to send an Executing Broker Agreement and I will 
forward when we get it.
Thanks. Sheila
Thanks for the heads up.  Also, please add Samantha Boyd to the list since 
she will be assisting us with these accounts.  Thanks.  Sara
Sheila Glover
06/22/2000 09:02 AM
Sara,
Equity Trading has started a new executing broker relationship with Jeffries 
in Dallas.  They are an OTC Market Maker in names we are interested in. They 
have flow and research in the names we want to trade.
I have requested them to send an Executing Broker Agreement and I will 
forward when we get it.
Thanks. Sheila
HS Energy Services docs
"Jim Piccone"  	06/20/2000 02:41 PM
- HS Resources - Enron.doc
- Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
"Linda Busk"  	06/16/2000 01:41 PM
Attached is our revision to the draft ISDA schedules for the HSES/Enron ISDA 
with changes marked.  My approach was simply to make changes consistent with 
the HS Resources ISDA other than items specific to their different credit 
status.  Please call me with any comments or questions.
Jim Piccone
303/296-3600 x414
Fax: 303/296-9709
- Enron ISDA.doc
FYI
Janice R Moore
06/22/2000 02:49 PM
This is a heads up about a NEP deal that may be coming to EPMI Friday 
afternoon (6/23).  John Llodra (mid-marketer, part of Ed Baughman's group) 
would like to be ready to send out our paper if we are selected as the 
winning bidder.  Our bid contained two alternatives (physical or financial and NEP could pick either one.  We've prepared a physical contract and wanted 
to alert you that there may be a need for a financial one -- which I assume 
would be in the form of an "Omnibus" agreement (as far as I can tell, we do 
not have an ISDA in place w/ NEP).  John will let us know tomorrow either 
way, so we'll be in touch.  In the meantime, please let me or John know if 
you have any questions.  Thanks for your help  ,
Janice
EB3861
Tracy Ngo
21/06/2000 19:24
Genia,
Attached please find a credit worksheet containing terms for an EEI Master 
Power Agreement between New England Power Company and EPMI.  Please note that 
S&P does not provide a credit rating for senior, unsecured debt, therefore, I 
am electing to use the "long-term credit rating" by S&P and senior, unsecured 
debt to apply to Moody's.  Please see the cws for the color allocation.
I am available should you have any questions, x3-0554.
,
Tracy
Susan Flynn
06/22/2000 09:16 AM
Sara  - Please review the email below and advise me how to respond.  Thanks! 
Susan D. Flynn
Carol St Clair
06/22/2000 08:34 AM
Susan:
Please ask Sara about this.
Carol
Susan Flynn
06/21/2000 02:04 PM
Carol can you review the email below and advise me on how to resppsond Thank you!
Susan D. Flynn
Larry Joe Hunter
06/21/2000 01:45 PM
Susan,
The below e-mail/Telex was sent to our Trading desk as MG's Confirmation for 
a Copper Transaction we have traded with them.  Per the desks instructions I 
have not sent our form of Confirmation for several reasons as follows:
1) Trader wrote on ticket that MG was to Confirm the Transactions
2) We were unsure of MG's Legal entity name
3) No contact @ MG
My question for you is are we going to accept this as a form of Confirmation?
Thanks,
Joe
John Swinney
06/21/2000 01:31 PM
Lloyd Fleming
06/20/2000 12:41 PM
Please respond to tlxopr@mgltd.com
Herewith copy of telex/fax sent to
ENOT
Quote
HEREWITH BUSINESS TRANSACTED FOR ACCOUNT ENOT
We confirm having sold to you at 12:30 on 20/06/00
a call option with a strike Price of 1,800.00 USD per tonne
on 15,000 tonnes of COPPER GRADE 'A'
at a premium of 97.00 USD per tonne
to be declared in our office not later than 11:10 london time on
6/12/00
Prompt 20/12/00
premium which totals 1,455,000.00 USD payable before close of london
banking hours on 21/06/00
Our reference: 1601604 / JAG
Thanks and  
Metallgesellschaft Ltd
Unquote
Thanks and  
Metallgesellschaft Ltd
Susan:  Steve Morus called and would like for you to email to him the 
schedule/CSA for comment.  Info already in database.  Thanks.  Sara
Pushkar:  Here's the language suggested by Merrill for use in NDF's.  I am 
not familiar with the frequency of our trades, but I'm sure Laurel can fill 
in the blanks.  I thought that the process being implemented by the EMTA 
seemed reasonable but let me know if this is a fallback that you would agree 
to use if the PTAX rate is not available for settltment.  Thanks.  Sara
Laurel Adams
06/12/2000 11:48 AM
Sara,
Previously we have agreed upon "CURRENCY REFERENCE DEALERS" as the first 
disruption fallback, and ""CURRENCY MUTUAL AGREEMENT" as the 2nd disruption 
fallback.  It appears that EMTA has created a "BRL Industry Survey Rate" 
(BRL11).  Merrill feels that this definition is replacing the Currency 
Reference dealers definition--or at least setting out a clear methodology for 
determining the rate.  Also, Shari always preferred that we use the mutual 
agreement rather then calculation agent determination of settlement rate The ISDA template defaults to Calculation Agent.  Do you prefer that we 
continue on asking people for mutual agreement, or are you o.k. with 
Calculation agent determination of settlement rate?  Trading has no 
preference on that matter 
I am faxing you a current ML non-deliverable deal with this new language in 
it for your review.  Please let me know if the confirm is o.k. to sign, or if 
you have any issues we need to address 
Thanks!
See the below attachments for the new definition and the history surrounding 
it Hi Laurel,
Please take a look at the following documents sent by EMTA.  Only difference
is that we have not included the "unscheduled holiday" provisions as there
has not been a clear cut consensus among counterparties whether to use
Preceding or Following.
Please contact me if you have any problems.
I will try to sort through my e-mails if I find additional information on
the BRL templates.
Thank you
Michael Ahn
tele: 212-449-5967
fax:  212-449-2019
- Brl11-8.doc
- Brlsmfin.doc
- Brlmtfin.doc
- Brltmfin.doc
Sheila:  Looks like Rafael never read the email that Susan Flynn sent to 
Nancy a few days ago.  I don't know where this stands.  Sara
Susan Flynn
06/21/2000 08:33 AM
The email that you sent to me below does not pertain to to the referenced 
entity.  Did you send me this email in error?  In order to open to the 
brokerage account for Rafael Rangel, we need corporate resolutions and an 
authorized traders list for the referenced entity.    On June 1, 2200, I 
emailed our form of corp. resolutions and authorized traders list to you and 
Rafael.  I will send the email to you again.   Please advise me of when I 
should expect to receive these documents so that we can open the acccount Please call me if you have any questions 
Susan D. Flynn
Nancy Muchmore@
06/20/2000 06:16 PM
Susan and Susan:  Please let me know who will handle.  I am holding the 
confirm.  Sara
Paul Radous@
06/23/2000 09:57 AM
TIFP's parent, Temple Inland (an ESP), is now willing to provide a $500,000 
guaranty.  This makes TIFP an ESP as well.  To this end, will you please have 
a legal assistant prepare a form of guaranty that would list Temple-Inland 
Inc. as the guarantor for the Temple-Inland Forest Products Corporation 
(counterparty).  The amount of the guaranty will be $500,000.  I would also 
suggest that we lower Enron Corp's guaranty to an even amount 
Thanks!
Thanks for your response.  My prior message to you was in error because I did 
enter the correct address.  For example, I can get to the screen that says 
"Documents" but when I click on one of the choices, I get a message that says 
"Netscape is unable to locate the server ei-sp-data01.  Please check the 
server name and try again."  Am I doing something wrong?  Should I simply 
call the Helpdesk here in Houston?  Thanks.  Sara
Carlos Gustavo Azevedo@_DEVELOPMENT
07/19/99 02:13 PM
Sara, the correct address is        and not  
as you tried before.
If you can access Enron's intranet or extranet you are able to get in the 
site. Please let me know if you still have problems accessing it.  Thanks Carlos Gustavo 
Please let me review final changes.  Sara
"Linda Busk"  	06/23/2000 11:17 AM
The documents are fine except that we agreed that the following language 
would appear at the end of the sentence in the Cross Default section (part 
1(b) of the Schedule to the Master Agreement):
; provided, however, the words ", or becoming capable at such time of being 
declared," as they appear in Section 5(a)(vi) are hereby deleted.
Jay Boudreaux
06/23/2000 05:58 PM
The ISDA can be forwarded to Ron at the following addresses:
RVDH@voselectric.com
or PCDI
2079-A Lawrence Drive
DePere, WS  54115
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at extension 
37425 or if I'm not at me desk I can be reached on my mobile at (713)553-1711.
JBB
Jay Boudreaux
06/23/2000 06:05 PM
Please send the ISDA to Ron's attorney also 
Foley & Lardner
Firstar Center
777 East Wisconsin Avenue
Milwaukee, WI  53202-5367
Attn: Michael D. Regenfuss
email: mregenfuss@foleylaw.com
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me.
JBB
Tanya:  I just spoke with Chris about this ARCO transaction which might trade 
TODAY.  We are "cleaning up" some of the language as it was based on the 
prior ARCO deal (when we were ECT).  Please note that Enron Corp. previously 
provided a guaranty.  I am not certain whether that guaranty is tied to the 
transaction specifically and I'll try to track down.  Will ENA provide a 
parent guaranty for the new transaction?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Sara
Chris H Foster
06/23/2000 01:24 PM
Sara:
Arco is back.  Could you please review the attached and let mw know if we can 
transact under this confirm?
Chris
Chris, I've attached a simplified confirm based on our prior May, 1999 
version.
The only change in the new draft is to represent the fact that we are now 
using
only firm energy rather than a blend of firm and nonfirm. As a result volume
weighting should only apply on holidays and Sundays when on-peak and off-peak
values may need to be weighted in with 24-hour firm values.
On a related issue, how quickly could you have a corporate guarantee 
available?
Dave
(See attached file: Enron_Confirm062300.doc)
- Enron_Confirm062300.doc
Joe:  Attached in draft form is a transaction that Chris Foster may do with 
Arco today.  His number in Portland is 834-3822.  I'm not certain about 
credit and "ECT" will have to change to "ENA".  Let's keep in touch Thanks.  Sara
Chris H Foster
06/26/2000 08:20 AM
Chris, I've attached a simplified confirm based on our prior May, 1999 
version.
The only change in the new draft is to represent the fact that we are now 
using
only firm energy rather than a blend of firm and nonfirm. As a result volume
weighting should only apply on holidays and Sundays when on-peak and off-peak
values may need to be weighted in with 24-hour firm values.
On a related issue, how quickly could you have a corporate guarantee 
available?
Dave
(See attached file: Enron_Confirm062300.doc)
- Enron_Confirm062300.doc
Jarrod:  attached is language which should be added to all paper and pulp 
omnibus confirms (and Bob has reviewed this language):
Also, attached is the Temple-Inland confirm and I have changed only the 
"Credit or Other Special Provisions" paragraph.  You will have to attach 
Exhibit "A" (which Susan sent you last week).
P.S.  Please verify with credit the timing for delivery of the guaranty.  I 
believe that Paul told me by Wednesday.
Tana:  Please see that Jeff Nogid and Clint Freeland are given access to our 
Financial Trading Agreements database.  Thanks.  Sara
Global Finance
Tana Jones
06/26/2000 01:30 PM
What group are they in?
Sara Shackleton
06/26/2000 01:26 PM
Tana:  Please see that Jeff Nogid and Clint Freeland are given access to our 
Financial Trading Agreements database.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  Steve Morus called again and asked that you please email the 
Schedule/CSA for comment.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
06/22/2000 04:29 PM
Susan:  Steve Morus called and would like for you to email to him the 
schedule/CSA for comment.  Info already in database.  Thanks.  Sara
attached are comments (and note that you do not need the defined term 
"Agreement" in the opening paragraph:
I do not understand your "Notice of Exercise" because it describes an option 
to extend.  Please call.
Please let me know if you think that this works for Canada.  Sara
Susan Bailey
07/12/99 03:59 PM
Sara,
As previously discussed, attached for your further handling is the form of 
Information Sheet (for Canadian Utilities).  The attached form incorporates 
the suggested changes made by the Canadian law firm of Blake, Cassels Graydon.
Please advise if I may be of further assistance.
You are most welcome.  Hope the food is as good as the OTHER get together.  SS
Suzanne Adams
06/26/2000 03:43 PM
This is a reminder that the lunch for Rod is tomorrow (Tuesday) at noon in 
the Wine Room at Grappino di Nino (behind Vincent's).  We look forward to 
seeing you all tomorrow.  Thanks, Suzanne, x37340
When will you have some time to discuss (a)  templates and (b) short dated 
trades?
Kevin:  We are holding up the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement until 
you finalize your piece.  The DATE of the earliest trade between ENA and HS 
Resources is important because we will use that date for the ISDA.  Please 
verify that date as soon as possible.  Thanks.  Sara
Kevin Meredith@
06/26/2000 03:32 PM
I have emailed Jim Piccone of HS Resources with a copy of the spreadsheet My hope is that he and I can determine the cause of the discrepancies and 
resolve them as quickly as possible.  I will keep each of you posted as to 
the progress on this issue.  If there are any questions you would like me to 
ask him, please let me know.
Kevin
Susan:  Which Paribas are you referring to?
Susan Flynn
06/26/2000 04:50 PM
On May 23, 2000, Paribas merged with and into Banque Nationale De Paris, the 
surving entity which changed its name to BNP Paribas.  As a result of the 
merger,  BNP Paribas assumes all of the rights and obliagtions of Paribas 
(and becomes our Counterparty) under the ISDA Master Agreement, dated June 
28, 1995 between ENA and Paribas.   Copies of the notice of merger will be 
distributed.
Susan D. Flynn
please call.  I'd like copy of final Media General.  Also, we need to discuss 
the notice.  sara
"Daniel A Harris"  	06/27/2000 09:21 AM
Nothing is attached!
Pursuant to your telecon with Jason Peters, attached are clean and 
redlined
versions of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced agreement.
Please contact Jason Peters at (713)853-9720  with your questions and
comments.
Also re: billing details for the opinion letter.   The opinion letter
should address both Cayman Island entities.  The legal bill should provide a
detailed, itemized accounting of the services rendered .   The bill should
reference the ISDA agreements.  The bill should be sent to Sara Shackleton,
Susan D. Flynn
Please see the attachment for a specific definition of ELIGIBLE SWAP 
PARTICIPANT and the TRADE OPTION EXEMPTION.
From a legal perspective and to avoid scrutiny and regulation by the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, ENA must always comply with the Trade 
Option Exemption when entering into options (as buyer or seller) with a third 
party.  Some of ENA's trading parties cannot satisfy this exemption from 
regulation because they are not a producer/merchant handling the underlying 
commodity (such as banks, hedge funds, etc) even though they may be entering 
into the transaction for business purposes.  If that situation occurs, ENA 
MUST ALWAYS BE THE OFFEREE OF THE OPTION (as buyer or seller) and ENA cannot 
solicit the party to enter into the transaction.
If ENA's trading partner fails to satisfy the Trade Option Exemption, our 
confirmation will EXPLICITLY state that ENA was offered the option to buy or 
sell by the counterparty.
Please call me if you have any questions.  Thanks.  Sara [ENA legal]
John:  Please call me when you have had a chance to review.  Sara
"Linda Busk"  	06/27/2000 11:33 AM
Attached are revised forms of Assignments for both the HSES to Enron (J. Aron 
trades) and HS Resources to HSES (Enron trades).  These are redlined versions.
The main changes to the HSES to Enron (J. Aron trades) assignment are 
completion of the Effective Date (June 28), the date of the J. Aron/Enron 
ISDA and the addition of counterpart and fax signature language.
The HS Resources to HSES assignment has been structurally revised to assign 
all HS Resources/Enron trades to HSES except those shown on Appendix A Since the HS Resources/Enron trades continue to change every day until the 
HSES/Enron ISDA is in place, this new structure of the assignment will be 
much simpler and will pick up all HS Resources/Enron transactions through 
Friday, June 30.  Hopefully, by then the HSES/Enron ISDA will be in place.
Please let me know as soon as you believe these documents are ready for 
Enron's signature.  As soon as I have sign off by the other parties to the 
documents, I will advise you.  We can then have everyone print finals, get 
signatures and fax all counterparts to me.  I will act as a clearinghouse and 
get counterparts back out to everyone.
James M. Piccone
303/296-3600 x414
Fax: 303/296-9709
- JAron-Enron.doc
- JAron-Enron.xls
- HSR-HSESEnronv2.doc
- HS-HSES-Enron Exceptions.pdf
Susan:  have you heard anything?
Also, before I forget, please document the account in London with CSFB that 
we used to receive money in connection with metals trading.
All:  Attached is a short recap of the items which I have been discussing 
with Clint and Jeff.  I'd like to get together sometime today or tomorrow.
Rex and Jim:  I will fax to you copies of the Enron Corp. resolutions (some 
final, some draft only) referenced in the attached summary.  I may not have 
the latest information and perhaps you can update and address when we meet Please call me with a suggested time.  This afternoon is best for me.
Sara Shackleton
07/16/99 09:36 AM
Please review and let's talk.  Thanks.  SS
fyi
Jeff Nogid
06/28/2000 09:02 AM
Sara-
Here is a new conformation.  The terms check to the deal ticket.
Jeff
How are the other confirms progressing Bear has called again for their 
confirmations.
Aneela Charania
06/28/2000 08:51 AM
Throw the first one out
With apologies....Got the payment dates wrong. This has the correct
information.
Sorry for the confusion.
,
Jon
- Swap_Jun_27_00.doc
Trena:  In the next week or so, I will be devoting most of my time and 
attention to Gary's world.  I met with Gary last week, and he suggested that 
I give you a call to see if you needed any legal assistance.  I am available 
for whatever you might need me for.  My number in Houston is 713/853-5620 I'm looking forward to working with you.   .  Sara
please print - and - can you remind me what I need to do in order to print 
spreadsheets?  thanks
Samantha Boyd@
06/28/2000 11:03 AM
Samantha M. Boyd
Sr. Legal Specialist
Tana:  I hope I'm not repeating myself here but Laurel Adams (confirm desk Hickerson) and Sheila Glover (Hickerson CFO) need access.  If it's been 
provided already, my apologies for asking again.  Thanks.  Sara
Patrick,
Sara is not available at all today for a conference call.  Paul Radous will 
be on the conference call instead of Rod Nelson.  Are you and Julian 
available tomorrow at 11:30 am Buenos Aires time, 9:30 am Houston time Please respond to Kaye.Ellis@.
Thank you,
Kaye
Patrick Hansen@
06/28/2000 12:53 PM
We need to agree on the steps to follow regarding the ISDA agreements for 
Capex and Capsa.
Let's arrange a phone call for taday at 3:00pm Houston, 5:00 Buenos Aires 
time. Please confirm.
Patrick
At last!  Thursday morning at 10:30 am, Rex Rogers and Jim Armogida will meet 
with me in my office.  You are invited.  I suspect that much of our 
conversation will be a repeat of the meeting that you had last week.  Sara
Rod and I discussed this party (which always appears on the legal/credit 
list!!!!  It seem that BP signed a Master Agreement (our OLD form) with 
ECTRIC on 1/8/98 and agreed to sign THE IDENTICAL AGREEMENT with ENA.  Absent 
an executed agreement, ENA and BP continue to use a form of "Swap Contract" 
which had been agreed to many years ago (similar to our GTC's in the omnibus) 
which also provides that the parties will negotiate a master agreement.   Rod 
doesn't see much current trading activity so we didn't believe this to be a 
high priority.
Having said all of this, the form is limited to swaps, doesn't provide for 
setoff, arbitration, certain market disruption events and several other items 
which we can review if necessary.
Please let me know how you would like to proceed.  Thanks.  Sara  
Please advise.  Sara
"Jim Piccone"  	06/28/2000 06:58 PM
Sara, Susan:
The attached revision of the Appendix to the HS Resources to HS Energy 
Services assignment corrects the Total MMBtu column, which had a math error The trade descriptions, which would control in any event, have not changed.
We would like to proceed with execution on Thursday.   Would you please 
accept the changes  in the red-lined documents I sent yesterday, print 
cleans, get signatures, and fax to me at 303-296-9709?  I will send the HS 
signiture pages in the morning, and will send the J. Aron pages as soon as I 
get them.
I will be in touch with you in the morning to discuss further.
Thanks. Jim
- Enron Hedge Positions.pdf
"Southwest Airlines"  	07/04/2000 12:33 AM
Please respond to "Southwest Airlines"
Southwest Airlines Click 'n Save(R) E-mail Update for
July 4, 2000
Please pass this great news on to your friends! To subscribe
to Southwest Airlines Click 'n Save E-mail Updates,
visit  
Southwest Airlines Click 'n Save Internet Specials at
Check out our Weekly Click 'n Save Specials below.
21-day advance purchase.
Travel July 25, 2000 through December 9, 2000, except
for November 22, 26, and 27, 2000.
Roundtrip purchase and overnight stay required.
Purchase beginning July 4 through July 6, 2000, midnight PST.
Scroll down for more details!
Remember, if you change your Internet service provider,
you will need to unsubscribe and resubscribe in order
to continue receiving the weekly Click 'n Save.
The fares listed do not include airport-assessed passenger
facility charges (PFCs) of up to $12 roundtrip. Roundtrip
purchase and overnight stay are required. Fares do not
include a federal excise tax of $2.50 that will be imposed
on each flight segment of your itinerary. A flight segment
is defined as a takeoff and a landing.
Fares shown are each way based on roundtrip purchase
Albany
$99 each way to/from Ft. Lauderdale
Albuquerque
$56 each way to/from Dallas Love
$99 each way to/from Houston Bush Intercontinental
$99 each way to/from Houston Hobby
$99 each way to/from San Francisco
Amarillo
$61 each way to/from Houston Bush Intercontinental
$61 each way to/from Houston Hobby
Austin
$60 each way to/from El Paso
$39 each way to/from Harlingen/Rio Grande Valley
Baltimore/Washington
$34 each way to/from Cleveland
$34 each way to/from Hartford/Springfield
$44 each way to/from Nashville
$99 each way to/from Omaha
Birmingham
$60 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$34 each way to/from Nashville
Boise
$59 each way to/from Sacramento
Burbank
$99 each way to/from Kansas City
Chicago Midway
$60 each way to/from Birmingham
$64 each way to/from Jackson
$94 each way to/from Little Rock
$99 each way to/from Los Angeles
$94 each way to/from Manchester
$35 each way to/from St. Louis
Cleveland
$34 each way to/from Baltimore/Washington
$60 each way to/from Manchester
Columbus
$42 each way to/from Louisville
Corpus Christi
$48 each way to/from Dallas Love
$99 each way to/from Los Angeles
Dallas Love
$56 each way to/from Albuquerque
$48 each way to/from Corpus Christi
Detroit
$42 each way to/from Louisville
$51 each way to/from Raleigh-Durham
El Paso
$60 each way to/from Austin
$36 each way to/from Phoenix
Ft. Lauderdale
$99 each way to/from Albany
$99 each way to/from Manchester
$34 each way to/from Orlando
$34 each way to/from Tampa Bay
Harlingen/Rio Grande Valley
$39 each way to/from Austin
Hartford/Springfield
$34 each way to/from Baltimore/Washington
Houston Bush Intercontinental
$99 each way to/from Albuquerque
$61 each way to/from Amarillo
$54 each way to/from Little Rock
Houston Hobby
$99 each way to/from Albuquerque
$61 each way to/from Amarillo
$41 each way to/from Jackson
$54 each way to/from Little Rock
$99 each way to/from Nashville
$40 each way to/from New Orleans
Indianapolis
$64 each way to/from Jacksonville
$44 each way to/from Kansas City
$79 each way to/from Tampa Bay
Jackson
$64 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$41 each way to/from Houston Hobby
Jacksonville
$64 each way to/from Indianapolis
$42 each way to/from New Orleans
Kansas City
$99 each way to/from Burbank
$44 each way to/from Indianapolis
$84 each way to/from New Orleans
$34 each way to/from St. Louis
$89 each way to/from Tampa Bay
Las Vegas
$34 each way to/from Los Angeles
$99 each way to/from Lubbock
$47 each way to/from Oakland
$36 each way to/from Reno/Tahoe
$38 each way to/from Salt Lake City
Little Rock
$94 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$54 each way to/from Houston Bush Intercontinental
$54 each way to/from Houston Hobby
Long Island/Islip
$54 each way to/from Nashville
Los Angeles
$99 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$99 each way to/from Corpus Christi
$34 each way to/from Las Vegas
$99 each way to/from Lubbock
$99 each way to/from Oklahoma City
$94 each way to/from Portland
$37 each way to/from San Jose
Louisville
$42 each way to/from Columbus
$42 each way to/from Detroit
$99 each way to/from Phoenix
$99 each way to/from Providence
Lubbock
$99 each way to/from Las Vegas
$99 each way to/from Los Angeles
Manchester
$94 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$60 each way to/from Cleveland
$99 each way to/from Ft. Lauderdale
Midland/Odessa
$99 each way to/from New Orleans
Nashville
$44 each way to/from Baltimore/Washington
$34 each way to/from Birmingham
$99 each way to/from Houston Hobby
$54 each way to/from Long Island/Islip
$94 each way to/from Providence
New Orleans
$40 each way to/from Houston Hobby
$42 each way to/from Jacksonville
$84 each way to/from Kansas City
$99 each way to/from Midland/Odessa
Oakland
$47 each way to/from Las Vegas
$37 each way to/from Ontario
$46 each way to/from Seattle
$94 each way to/from Tucson
Oklahoma City
$99 each way to/from Los Angeles
Omaha
$99 each way to/from Baltimore/Washington
Ontario
$37 each way to/from Oakland
$99 each way to/from San Antonio
Orlando
$34 each way to/from Ft. Lauderdale
Phoenix
$36 each way to/from El Paso
$99 each way to/from Louisville
Portland
$94 each way to/from Los Angeles
$44 each way to/from San Jose
Providence
$99 each way to/from Louisville
$94 each way to/from Nashville
Raleigh-Durham
$51 each way to/from Detroit
Reno/Tahoe
$36 each way to/from Las Vegas
$44 each way to/from San Diego
Sacramento
$59 each way to/from Boise
$51 each way to/from Seattle
Salt Lake City
$38 each way to/from Las Vegas
$48 each way to/from Spokane
San Antonio
$99 each way to/from Ontario
San Diego
$44 each way to/from Reno/Tahoe
$41 each way to/from San Jose
San Francisco
$99 each way to/from Albuquerque
San Jose
$37 each way to/from Los Angeles
$44 each way to/from Portland
$41 each way to/from San Diego
$55 each way to/from Spokane
Seattle
$46 each way to/from Oakland
$51 each way to/from Sacramento
Spokane
$48 each way to/from Salt Lake City
$55 each way to/from San Jose
St. Louis
$35 each way to/from Chicago Midway
$34 each way to/from Kansas City
$36 each way to/from Tulsa
Tampa Bay
$34 each way to/from Ft. Lauderdale
$79 each way to/from Indianapolis
$89 each way to/from Kansas City
Tucson
$94 each way to/from Oakland
Tulsa
$36 each way to/from St. Louis
Southwest Airlines Click 'n Save Internet Specials
Other Terms and Conditions:
Tickets must be purchased through the Southwest Airlines
web site at   The fares listed
above are per person for each way of travel. Click 'n Save
Internet Specials require roundtrip travel and an overnight
stay. Fares listed are for general information only and
are not a reflection of current seat availability. Travel
may originate in either direction. Roundtrip travel must
be between the same origin airport and the same destination
airport.
Click 'n Save Internet Specials are nonchangeable and
nonrefundable. Ticketless Travel Online may only be
purchased with a credit card. Customers holding funds from
a previously unused trip on Southwest Airlines or Customers
who have Southwest Airlines vouchers will not be able to use
those forms of payment for Ticketless Travel Online.
Click 'n Save Internet Specials may not be combined with
any other fares. Seats are limited and won't be available
on some flights that operate during very busy travel times
and holiday periods. Any change to the reservation (flights,
dates, cities, and/or names of passengers) once purchased
will result in a fare increase. Standby travel requires an
upgrade to the full unrestricted fare.
Of course, if your favorite city is not listed, we have many
other incredible fares to all Southwest cities. To find more
great fares on Southwest Airlines, please visit Ticketless
Travel Online or check our Fares Information online at
Southwest Airlines Vacations gives you the Freedom to get
away. Just visit our website at:
where you can price and buy online! Don't forget to sign up
to receive our weekly e-specials!
This is a post only mailing from Southwest Airlines.
Please do not attempt to respond to this message.
You are currently subscribed to special-offers1 as: [sshackl@ect.enron.com]
To unsubscribe, send email to 
leave-special-offers1-97904730L@mail.southwest.com
or unsubscribe anytime at 
Carson:  I have been pretty awful, haven't I?  I took a short vacation to 
Dallas last Friday but I'm back now.  I'd love to have lunch one day.  Just 
give me a call (713/853-5620) and we can catch up.  Not much news; same old, 
same old.  Sara
"R. Carson Llewellyn"  	06/30/2000 01:36 PM
Sara:
How have you been? I miss talking to you. I hope you have a great 4th. I
have had a couple of fun trips to New Orleans since we last had lunch.
It would be nice to see you and have lunch together some time.
Carson
RE:  Deal Nos.  EY 6926
EY 8108
EY 8531
EY 9343
EQ 6930.1, .2
ECT does NOT have a master with The Dow Chemical Company.  Are these trades 
booked on an omnibus?  I am not certain that credit approved these trades Are they all propane?  We need to discuss.  SS
We are currently in negotiations with them.  Please do not forward my emails 
to Bank One.  Sara
David P Dupre
06/30/2000 10:51 AM
Hi,
Do you know the current status of the Bank One account for NG?
Jim has been inquiring about this.
Many thanks
David
Hello David,
I didn't want to bother you - you're probably more than busy right now.
In my continuing effort to get your account going, specifically,
completing the margin line of credit, I thought the following might
help:
When Jeff Shankman first told me of Enron's requirement to have a line
of credit for margining, nat gas initial margin was $2750 per contract.
It is now $3850 and likely to rise again.  The 'cheap financing' that
our line represents to John Arnold may be even more appealing now (if he
has a second to convince Sara Shackleton to work on the documentation).
Otherwise, thanks for the intro to Bill White.  We've only spoken
briefly so far, but he did say he was trying to free up some time to get
something going.
I'll be in Houston in about two weeks, but I hope to talk to you before
then.
,
Jim Naughton
Paul R. and I will be waiting for your phone call on Monday, July 10 at 1 pm 
(Houston time).  Sara
Patrick Hansen@
06/28/2000 12:53 PM
We need to agree on the steps to follow regarding the ISDA agreements for 
Capex and Capsa.
Let's arrange a phone call for taday at 3:00pm Houston, 5:00 Buenos Aires 
time. Please confirm.
Patrick
Mary:  Attached is a format that I used in 1999 to inquire about certain 
issues impacting financial trading with foreign counterparties.  I also have 
information about possible New Guinea counsel which I will clear with Derrick 
and Haedicke.  Our potential trading counterparty is a mining company called 
"OK Tedi".  Sara
please print
Sara Shackleton
Sent by: Kaye Ellis
06/21/2000 09:51 AM
Attached is Sara's Project List.
FYI - looks like more waiting
Susan Flynn
07/05/2000 10:03 AM
Susan D. Flynn
Nancy Muchmore@
07/05/2000 09:47 AM
Florencia:
Please prepare a version of the resolutions I sent you before for signature Rafael Rangel will handle discussing the signatures with Perez Companc.
Please contact me if you have further questions.
Thank you.
Nancy
Florencia Groppo  Please respond to "florencia.groppo@hds.com.ar"  Dear Nancy,
In connection with the mail I sent you on June 24, I need to know in what
status is the deposit  of the ADRs in the account of EDIDE and the
conversion into TGS shares.
Florencia Groppo
Just let me know -
"R. Carson Llewellyn"  	07/05/2000 11:43 AM
Hi Sara:
Thanks for the note. Glad to hear that you are doing well. Lets shoot
for lunch one day next week, so I can hear about your Dallas trip.
Carson
Tana:  You offered to send the TXU agreement for multiple confirms.  Thanks Sara
James:  I just thought I'd follow up with you regarding our conversation of 
June 7, 2000.  I thought that you were going to produce a new draft based 
upon our discussion.  Please let me know if I misunderstood or if in fact the 
ball is in my court.  Thanks.  Sara
James:  Please ignore my earlier email.  I do have your email of 6/13/00 and 
will respond as quickly as possible.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
07/05/2000 03:40 PM
James:  I just thought I'd follow up with you regarding our conversation of 
June 7, 2000.  I thought that you were going to produce a new draft based 
upon our discussion.  Please let me know if I misunderstood or if in fact the 
ball is in my court.  Thanks.  Sara
Susan:  Which Paribas are you referring to?
Sara Shackleton
06/27/2000 08:15 AM
Susan:  Which Paribas are you referring to?
Susan Flynn
06/26/2000 04:50 PM
On May 23, 2000, Paribas merged with and into Banque Nationale De Paris, the 
surving entity which changed its name to BNP Paribas.  As a result of the 
merger,  BNP Paribas assumes all of the rights and obliagtions of Paribas 
(and becomes our Counterparty) under the ISDA Master Agreement, dated June 
28, 1995 between ENA and Paribas.   Copies of the notice of merger will be 
distributed.
Susan D. Flynn
FYI.  Let's talk later.   SS
I am sending this e-mail message to address several issues related to the
swap and to circulate a proposed confirmation for your consideration.
Before addressing the swap, however, I should note that it is not clear to
me that the project team has finally decided to proceed with a swap rather
than a guaranty.  If we are not, I would appreciate someone letting me know
so that we can stop this process.
Comments on the Draft Schedule:
1.  Part 1(a) "Specified Entity":  A Specified Entity is an entity
other than the parties whose actions can cause an event of default or a
termination event.  The draft schedule does not contemplate a Specified
Entity.  I think we should consider whether EPE and/or SCG should be a
Specified Entity with respect to TBS.
2.  Part 1(b) "Threshold Amount": proposes $1,000,000 for TBS, which
seems low given that Enron Corp. is backing it up.
3.  Part 1(h) "Additional Event of Default":  If we use a swap
arrangement, there will be two: one for 72.5% between TBS and ECT, and one
for 27.5% between TBS and a Shell entity.  If that is the case, do we want
an additional event of default under which a sale by Shell of its interest
in TBS could result in termination?
4.  Part 2  "Representations":  I think that we need someone in tax
to determine whether TBS can make the representations.
5.  Part 4(d) & (e) "Credit Support Provider": Shell will be the
credit support provider under the other swap arrangement, not this one.
6.  Part 4(g) "Governing Law", 4(h) "Arbitration": The schedule
proposes Texas law with AAA arbitration to be held in Texas.  It would seem
to me that we would want to use arbitration procedures that are similar to
those in the gas supply agreements, with ICC arbitration, held in Miami,
under New York, with joint arbitration if the same issue arises under one of
the gas supply arrangements (such as the proper calculation of price).
Comment on the Proposed Confirmation:
I have reproduced the gas supply pricing provisions from the EPE Gas
Supply Agreement under the "Fixed Amount Details" but have not done so under
the "Floating Amount Details", which cross-references the provisions of the
SCG Gas Supply Agreement, because of the length of those provisions.
Please let me know if you have any reactions to the above comments
or any comments on the attached confirmation.  I will contact Nasim to
discuss the process for pushing the swaps (or, alternatively, guaranties) to
completion.
, Dean
- SWAPCON1.doc
All:  It appears that this is the group which can best address the 
(derivatives) issues which may arise when Enron Corp. attempts to enter into 
equity swaps/options/forwards based upon Enron Corp. stock.  We have all 
undertaken to provide the group with the following items:
(1)  "Procedures for Executing/Documenting/Unwinding Enron Corp. Equity 
Derivatives"
Clint has already circulated a draft proposal.  Comments are invited.
(2)  The transacting party:  ENA (with an Enron Corp. guaranty) or Enron 
Corp.?
Rex has no preference and credit's initial response was to consolidate 
trading in ENA.  I will revisit this issue with Bill Bradford.
(3)  Enron Corp. equity trading resolution
Rex and Jim will handle the drafting and logistics.  This will be 
necessary if Enron Corp. is the trading party because the counterparty will 
want to review      (and equity trading requires authorization) AND also 
necessary if ENA is the trading party because equity trading requires 
authorization.
(4)  Standard form of Registration Rights Agreement
Rex and Jim will handle the drafting.  This can be used as our "form" 
for future transactions.
(5)  Enron Corp. "position paper" addressing equity derivative parameters, 
preferable methods of settlement, registration rights, etc.
I have no volunteers.  Maybe Bob Baird needs an assignment.
As you know, there are several outstanding confirms which require immediate 
attention before the foregoing items can be finalized.  Please let me know if 
we can establish a timetable for completion of this project.  Thanks for your 
help.  Sara
Bill:  I have previously discussed this issue with Rod.  I would like to 
revisit once again.  These transactions include swaps/options/forwards on ENE 
stock.  There is a renewed effort coming from Treasury to use these tools 
more frequently than in the past.  I am in touch with Rex Rogers (Enron Corp. 
securities lawyer) as registration rights issues on ENE stock are definitely 
involved.  Our counterparties are telling us that they prefer to look to 
Enron Corp. since it is Enron Corp.'s stock that is involved.  At a minimun, 
even if ENA were the trading counterparty (with an Enron Corp. guaranty 
capped at an appropriate level), Enron Corp. would probably have to sign each 
confirmation as ISSUER OF THE STOCK (and ENA cannot make those agreements on 
behalf of Enron Corp 
I would like to discuss ASAP as we are in the midst of negotiations with CSFB 
International, UBS AG, Morgan Stanley Capital Services, Inc. and Lehman 
Brothers Finance S.A.
Where does this stand?  Have you received the guaranty from Clem?
mrgelnett@nyseg.com
06/07/2000 03:29 PM
Susan,
My Attorney and I have review the ISDA Schedule and CSA.  I am faxing it 
in
liew of time with margin notes.  Please call to discuss 607/762-7688.
Maria
Attached for your review and comment is a draft ISDA Master Agreement We
are reviewing your comments to the Enron Corp. Gty. and will get back to you
later this week.   Please  call either Sara Shackleton at (713) 853-5620 or me
at (713) 853-0975 with your comments or questions.
(See attached file: 173ctr.doc)
- 173ctr.doc
John Suttle
07/06/2000 08:00 AM
Sara,
Attached is a revised worksheet.  In addition to what is on the sheet, we 
agreed to:
Remain silent on jurisdiction.
New York Law
BBB- negative watch is an additional event of default.
if the rating drops below BBB- there is an additional event of default.
I will calrify if you need me to.
JS
All:  I spoke with Bill Bradford to get the global credit perspective, and, 
he is entirely neutral.  However, he agreed that it made sense for Enron 
Corp. to transact on its own stock 
I am prepared to draft new ISDA Master Agreements with our remaining 
potential targets in the name of "Enron Corp." without Credit Support 
Annexes.  Upon execution, the parties generally exchange evidence of 
authority (i.e., resolution or excerpt thereof 
The outstanding confirms are in the name of Enron Corp.  These are "Deemed 
ISDA's" and no party has asked for evidence of authority (although the 
parties do represent that they have such authority).
Please let me hear from you if someone objects to the use of Enron Corp Thanks.  Sara 
Has Mark spoken with you yet about Latin America?  Let's talk!  Sara
Jaime Williams@
07/06/2000 06:44 PM
This is a wrap-up email to inform all of you about the dates, activities and 
where we are standing with   to the expansion of EOL to the Mexican 
Market.   The general strategy is to target the 40 major key customers 
directly, through two  formal presentations. One on Thursday August 3rd in 
Monterrey, at the  Quinta Real Hotel; and the second one on Friday August 4th 
in Mexico City, at the Four Seasons Hotel.   The setting is pretty much a 
Continental breakfast, followed by welcoming remarks and the formal 
presentation of EOL.
We plan to send out the invitations with the brochures around July 15th.  Kal 
Shah is planning on delivering around 600 spanish-translated EOL Ball 
Brochures in the next days. The brochures will have a cover letter that will 
include the Guest Accounts for the customers that will be invited to the 
formal presentations. We will follow up with RSVP personal calls from the 
15th to the 3rd. The rest of the customers will receive the brochure by mail. 
Jeff Blumenthal is helping us on the Tax Issues regarding on-line 
transactions by Mexican Counterparties. Jeff is almost finishing on checking 
the Tax implications on the products most probably traded by the targeted 
customers, as well as all other products listed on EOL. 
Carol St Claire is helping us on all the legal issues, as well as reviewing 
the marketing material that would be sent out to customers. We should have a 
formal opinion in the next days. 
Eric Thode is putting together the press releases to be sent on the launching 
date, and is also helping us with a plan to invite and inform the media about 
the event as well as EOL service. Eric, please send a copy of the press 
releases to Carol, since there are some words we need to avoid on the legal 
side of things.
Paul Radous and Rod Nelson are helping us with the pre-approval of credit for 
all of these targeted customers to be able to transact in EOL. 
Leonardo Pacheco is helping us on several fronts, and specially coordination 
of this effort, as well as getting all the guest accounts for the customers, 
together with Frank Davies. Leonardo please send a bunch of  Getting Started 
manuals as soon as you can. 
Daniel Diamond will help us with the marketing material and strategy. Dan let 
me know who will be attending the presentations on your behalf, and type of 
aid we will need in the Hotels. 
Let me know who is planning to attend so we can help with reservations and 
travel arrangements, or call directly Barbara Martinez at 011-52-8-152-2404.
I really appreciate all of your support and great work.  I am looking forward 
to successfully concluding the "Approval" process in the next days so we can 
move forward with the logistics, and please let me know how else can I help.
Kind  ,   Jaime Williams. 
Susan:  Please forward your two emails (re:  HS Resources,et al) to Bill 
Bradford and John Suttle.  SS
Susan Flynn
07/06/2000 07:35 PM
We received the executed Assignment and Novation Agreement between HS 
Resources, Inc., HS Energy Services, Inc. and ENA, effective at 12:00 p.m. on 
June 30, 2000.  Under the terms of this agreement, HS Resources, Inc assigns  to HS Energy Services, Inc. all of its right, title and interest in 
certain Transactions it has entered into with ENA.  Such Transactions will be 
governed by the ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2000, between ENA 
and  HS Energy Services, Inc.       Copies will be distributed.
Susan D. Flynn
Joel:  Are you also going to send out the ABN Amro guaranty?  We're sending 
the draft credit agreement.  Sara
Sarah Wesner@
07/07/2000 11:40 AM
Ken Fatur had to go out of the office today so he asked that we copy Jim 
Naughton on all the docs.  Jim will distribute them throughout Bank One Attached is the latest deal team list with Jim's email 
Please send out the docs (boilerplate Credit Agmt. and Trading Guarantee 
customised to each bank) in separate emails so that the banks do not know who 
their competition is.  To ABN please send to Kriss Grosshans and his 
Attorney, Kyle Nenninger.  To Bank One, please send to Ken and Jim.  Also 
please include the Give Up agreement with Bank One 
Thanks for your help.  .  I am looking forward to getting these closed!
Have a great weekend,
Sarah
Joel:  thanks - everything was sent out as draft as we don't have all 
internal comments (and we don't even know ABN's position!).  Sara
Joel Ephross@
07/07/2000 08:22 PM
A few thoughts:
1. Section 2.1 (y) the .30% should specify per annum
2. Section 2.1 contemplates that interest is payable monthly--this seems to 
conflict with the provisions of Section 3.1 which makes it payable on demand. 
Am I missing something?
3. Section 3.5 should we specify a time of day?
I have reviewed this via remote access, and am not able to print. I think 
more thought should go into the mechanics and timing  of what is going on 
here. I will be available next week. Can we have another meeting?
Joel,
Attached for your review, please find a blacklined copy of the Credit 
Agreement marked to show changes to the original draft.  Please call me or 
Sara with any comments.  Thanks.
FYI
Stuart Zisman
07/10/2000 08:28 AM
Attached is an email that I received regarding the Garden State SWAP.
Stuart
"GEORGE T. LEE"  	07/09/2000 10:21 PM
Please see the attached comments from Media General on the Swap agreement
2000 21:52:38 -0400
NT); Sun, 09 Jul 2000 21:53:07 -0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)
George,
I'm not sure if you're the right person to send the comments to, but Media
General has the following comments on the Newsprint Swap Agreement.
Schedule to Master Agreement
1.  Media General wants the cross-default to be reciprocal at $100 million
for both Media General and Enron.
2.   Further, Media General thinks that this should be a cross-acceleration,
not a cross-default.
3.   Page 3 of Schedule.  The "date by which to be delivered" for Party B
should track the same with Party A: i.e., if financials are available on
EDGAR then they would not be automatically provided by MG on a quarterly
basis.
4.  Page 4 of Schedule.  Under (a), add "Attn.: Chief Financial Officer".
We will send Marshall Morton's fax and telephone numbers.
5.  We will let you know who will serve as process agent.  We would like to
talk about governing law in Texas and the site of arbitration in Houston.
6.  Page 6 of Schedule.  In clause(b)(g), please note that MG intends to
assign this agreement and we want to make sure that does not affect this
representation.
7.Page 8 of Schedule.  MG wants the right to assign this agreement to a
party with a credit agreement equivalent to a certain level.  We can discuss
what that level should be.  We should discuss what Enron's credit rating is
in this connection.
Transaction Confirmation Document.
1. MG does not think this transaction should be characterized as a
"swaption".  This was to be a deal for the purchase of newsprint at a fixed
price, not at Enron's option.
2. We want todiscuss the expiration date. We should also discuss the other
dates and terms which are blank.  On page 2, under "Additional Provisions",
the date for satisfying conditions is clearly wrong since it refers to July
5.  Once again, all of this ties in with not being an option, but a fixed
agreement.
3. We would like to have Enron render a monthly settlement statement with a
net amount being paidto/receivable from MG.  No netting is presently
provided for in the agreement.
ISDA Credit Support Annex
MG  would like to delete this entirely and would propose that Enron would
rely on the general cross-acceleration provisions.  Media General never
contemplated credit provisions more onerous than its credit agreements.
I will have the Media General business people follow up with the
people at Enron, but could you please have some one get in touch with me on
this.
Thanks,
John
All trades were originally confirmed in the name of Dow Hydrocarbons and 
Resources Inc.  The Dow trader (Mike Blillings) subsequently contacted the 
desk and requested that all trades be booked in the name of "The Dow Chemical 
Company".  Mary Gosnell contacted Cathy Tudon in credit and Cathy approved 
the changes.  Let me know if you have any comment for the desk.  SS  
Dale Neuner on 07/21/99 08:01:54 AM
Mary, please see my initial findings below, and can you follow-up with Sara as I am sure there is some history here.
Dale
3-9746
Sara Shackleton
07/20/99 02:07 PM
RE:  Deal Nos EY 6926 OMNIBUS  PROPANE 6/30 Credit Rpt says Dow Hydrocarbons EY 8108 OMNIBUS  PROPANE 7/02 Credit Rpt says Dow Hydrocarbons EY 8531 OMNIBUS  PROPANE 7/06 Credit Rpt says Dow Hydrocarbons EY 9343 Status=GENERATED PROPANE 7/07 Credit Rpt says Dow Hydrocarbons EQ 6930.1, .2 OMNIBUS  ETHELYNE/ 11/2/98
ETHANE  I don't have a C/R back this far
ECT does NOT have a master with The Dow Chemical Company.  Are these trades 
booked on an omnibus?  I am not certain that credit approved these trades Are they all propane?  We need to discuss.  SS
per my voice mail
Stuart Zisman
07/10/2000 08:28 AM
Attached is an email that I received regarding the Garden State SWAP.
Stuart
"GEORGE T. LEE"  	07/09/2000 10:21 PM
Please see the attached comments from Media General on the Swap agreement
2000 21:52:38 -0400
NT); Sun, 09 Jul 2000 21:53:07 -0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)
George,
I'm not sure if you're the right person to send the comments to, but Media
General has the following comments on the Newsprint Swap Agreement.
Schedule to Master Agreement
1.  Media General wants the cross-default to be reciprocal at $100 million
for both Media General and Enron.
2.   Further, Media General thinks that this should be a cross-acceleration,
not a cross-default.
3.   Page 3 of Schedule.  The "date by which to be delivered" for Party B
should track the same with Party A: i.e., if financials are available on
EDGAR then they would not be automatically provided by MG on a quarterly
basis.
4.  Page 4 of Schedule.  Under (a), add "Attn.: Chief Financial Officer".
We will send Marshall Morton's fax and telephone numbers.
5.  We will let you know who will serve as process agent.  We would like to
talk about governing law in Texas and the site of arbitration in Houston.
6.  Page 6 of Schedule.  In clause(b)(g), please note that MG intends to
assign this agreement and we want to make sure that does not affect this
representation.
7.Page 8 of Schedule.  MG wants the right to assign this agreement to a
party with a credit agreement equivalent to a certain level.  We can discuss
what that level should be.  We should discuss what Enron's credit rating is
in this connection.
Transaction Confirmation Document.
1. MG does not think this transaction should be characterized as a
"swaption".  This was to be a deal for the purchase of newsprint at a fixed
price, not at Enron's option.
2. We want todiscuss the expiration date. We should also discuss the other
dates and terms which are blank.  On page 2, under "Additional Provisions",
the date for satisfying conditions is clearly wrong since it refers to July
5.  Once again, all of this ties in with not being an option, but a fixed
agreement.
3. We would like to have Enron render a monthly settlement statement with a
net amount being paidto/receivable from MG.  No netting is presently
provided for in the agreement.
ISDA Credit Support Annex
MG  would like to delete this entirely and would propose that Enron would
rely on the general cross-acceleration provisions.  Media General never
contemplated credit provisions more onerous than its credit agreements.
I will have the Media General business people follow up with the
people at Enron, but could you please have some one get in touch with me on
this.
Thanks,
John
Brent:  you should be taking this over.  Sara
Elizabeth Serralheiro@
07/10/2000 09:20 AM
Please, send me your updated report today not later than 5:00 p.m. Brazil 
time.
Thanks Elizabeth
John:  Jason is out of the office until Wednesday.  Sara
John Suttle
07/10/2000 01:16 PM
Attached is the revised credit worksheet.  Thanks for your help on this.
JS
Paul:  Here's the report which I will resurrect.  I'll have you review the 
revision before we send out.  SS
Susan Bailey
04/03/2000 01:34 PM
All,
Attached is the latest version of the captioned Schedule (dated 
04/03/2000).    This Schedule will be updated & distributed to you all 
monthly (on the first business day of every month).
Jarrod:  attached is my prior redline with suggested comments.  You'll see 
that I need to verify some dates, and I will call.  Ultimately, we will send 
new drafts to Joe and each of John Byrnes (jbyrnes@dlalaw.com) and Steve 
Zacharias (szacharias@media-general.com).  Joe should verify numbers.
Kaye:  Can this be printed on legal?
Melissa Ann Murphy
07/10/2000 02:58 PM
Hi Sara, here is a spreadsheet of the power financial trades we have done for 
the last two weeks.
Thanks,
Melissa
3-1886
My fax number is (713) 646-3490.  Thanks.  Sara
Ana Cristina Santos@
07/10/2000 03:17 PM
Sara,
I have received an invoice from Tozzini re. Trades and spoke to Andrea 
Bertone who said that these services have been requested by you.
Can you please let me know your fax number so that I can fax it for your 
review/approval. Also let me know whether or not ESA will pay for that and 
where I should charge to.
thanks
Ana Cristina Santos
Darren Delage
07/11/2000 03:17 PM
Sarah, 
The Financial trading group would like to enter into a a prime trading 
agreement with First Boston. They have an internet-based 
futures trading program which holds a certain amount of appeal for us and we 
would like to expedite the process of gaining access to this system. I wanted 
to let you know in advance and will forward the agreements as soon as I 
receive them.
Sincerely,
Darren
Dear Darren:
Attached please find the PrimeTrade Access Agreement which is being sent to
you at the request of Charlie Zahringer. After you have reviewed the
document, sign two (2) copies and return to me. Once the CSFB Managing
Director has signed them we will return a copy for your records.
Should you have any questions do not hesitate to call me at (212) 325-2228
or Charlie at (212)325-3337 or Charles.Zahringer@CSFB.com
Kate
Kathleen M. Dybala
 CREDIT | FIRST
 SUISSE  | BOSTON