- heat.exe
Lorraine, I've been studying the El Paso/Dynegy reservation reduction 
mechanism (RRM).  Basically the deal was that Dynegy's minimum-pay obligation 
would be reduced by the amount of the fixed cost component of IT revenues 
generated by El Paso's transportation of IT volumes above a historical 
threshold.  (The parties based the threshold on El Paso's monthly IT volumes 
for the 12 months ended 9/30/97.)  The volumes in excess of the threshold 
were calculated and a ratio of the volumes in excess of the threshold to the 
total volumes was determined; the ratio would then be applied to the fixed 
cost component of all IT revenues and the resulting dollar value applied to 
Dynegy's monthly reservation charge, to the extent Dynegy had not met its 
minimum pay obligation for a particular month.
This provision of course met with heavy opposition; however, FERC allowed 
it.  FERC stated that while the RRM had anticompetitive effects because it 
created a disincentive for El Paso to discount IT, it was not unduly 
discriminatory.  The "unduly discriminatory" conclusion was based on an 
analysis on the potential effect on the Cal. gas transportation market -- the 
Commission found that due to relatively weak market demand, neither Dynegy 
nor El Paso appeared to have been able to influence prices because so much 
firm capacity was available.
I assume Russ may be after something similar to the RRM.  We would have to 
file it as a negotiated rate but I feel fairly confident that we could get 
FERC to accept it 
That's my 2 cents worth on this particular issue...I'll come down around 3:30 
to chat with you more about the Duke (I have a conference call with MKM from 
1:30 to 3:30, which is why I'm camped out on 47).
Thanks for the joke, it provided me with a well needed chuckle (You and 
Darren definitely have too much time on your hands).  As for the hat/casual 
western theme, we are going to have to go to make a trip to Blanco's or Tin 
Hall sometime so I can don the full regalia.
Just because your trader is out of town on vacation doesn't mean he can't get 
a hold of you and make life less than pleasant.  How a person can be in 
Hilton Head, SC and still sound like he's going to have a heart attack is 
beyond me.
Hey yourself, 
Actually, my day is going very well.  It just so happens that my trader is 
out of town all week so, except for a few stressful phone calls this morning 
to assess the market, the day has been relatively uneventful.  All I want to 
know is how do I get your hours (or should I say lack thereof).  Anyway, my 
roommate and I had already made plans for tonight, but a movie tomorrow night 
sounds good.  Just fill me in on the details 
Susan
PS - I'll be purchasing my neon, leopard-print cowboy hat shortly.
Ted Noble
07/10/2000 04:54 PM
Hey,
I hope your day is going well.  I will be in Colorado Wednesday through the 
weekend, so I want to see if you were free to see The Perfect Storm before I 
leave on my mini-vacation.  These 3 and 2 day weeks are really getting too 
much. Just let me know if your schedule is free for a 9:00 show either 
tonight or tomorrow and I'll talk to you later.
Ted
Ted, 
I spoke with Shanna a little while ago about your friend and the apartment 
and she said she was fine with the deal.  Talk to you later.
Susan
Ted,
Getting back to work has been a bit of a challenge after a weekend of 
indulgence and excess.  It took everything I had to get in the car and start 
the drive back to Houston Tuesday night (especially since I stopped by my 
sister's and tooled around on Lake Austin in the boat for a while before 
heading out).  As for the birthday shot, you are quite welcome - it was the 
least I could do 
After my expenditures over the holiday, I will definitely be in town this 
weekend.  So, dinner Saturday sounds good.  As it stands right now, I am 
having a very pleasant day and I hope you are as well.
Susan
-- (H) 713-622-2788 
Ted Noble
07/06/2000 09:46 AM
Susan,
How is getting back to work after living the high life in Austin?  Thanks 
again for the birthday shot and I wanted to see if you were free this weekend 
for dinner - say Saturday night (being the well organized guy that I am - I 
lost your home number otherwise I would have called).  Hopefully, you are 
having a good day and I'll talk to you later.
Ted  
Hi yourself,
Glad to hear you all had a good time in Thailand, although I get the 
impression you could have done without some of the sights.  Mom thinks it 
must be fate that this guy and I keep bumping into each other.
Along those lines, I had an absolutely incredible weekend.  I drove to 
Harlingen Saturday morning/afternoon (5 hr. drive) for a friend's wedding and 
then drove to Austin to meet up with Emily on Sunday.  We ate at Guerro's and 
then hit Cedar door for a little while.  There wasn't anything going on there 
so I suggested we try Cedar Street.  Funny thing is Ted, that's his name, 
walks by our table at the bar.  He stopped to say hello and ended up sitting 
down with us the rest of the evening.  His friends joined us as soon as they 
had been shot down by the girls they had been trying to woo.  We ended up 
going to Polly Esters for a little while to do some dancing.  Before we 
parted ways he asked if we had any plans for Monday night and got my cell 
phone number.  Needless to say I was feeling pretty good.  He called us 
Monday and we made plans to meet up after dinner -- we ate at Sullivan's, it 
was very good.  His birthday is July 4 (how great is that?) so I brought him 
one of those travel size bottles of Crown from the honor bar as a birthday 
gift...Big Hit.  Anyway, spent the whole night talking and getting to know 
each other and all I can say is he seems like a really good guy.  (One of the 
best signs was his reproach of denim shorts on guys, especially cut-offs...be 
sure and tell Chuck about that one because I know it's something he feels 
pretty strongly about as well.)  So at this point I'll pretty much just run 
through the stats:
Height :   6'2" - 6'3"
Weight : about 225 lbs.
Education: UCLA (undergraduate and MBA) AND Law School ( I'm not sure where)
Birthday: 7/4/69 -- YES, he was born in a different decade than me...think it 
may be more of an issue for him than me.
Hometown: Santa Barbara, CA
ETC:  Youngest of three children.  Appears to like/be close to his family.
Irish Catholic (we actually discussed religion)
His dad was in the Navy
Favorite Movies -- Fletch, Caddy Shack...he definitely has a good sense of 
humor and likes to laugh
He really likes Texas...would like to have a ranch/lakehouse somewhere in 
the hill country
Best Quotes:    "Every California guys idea of a dream girl is a girl in 
jeans a t-shirt and cowboy boots   "Every Texas girls idea of a dream guy is a guy who lives on a ranch, has 
an good education, is comfortable financially and is also a great businessman.  Only problem is there are only four of those guys out there and 
three of them are married."
"Texas girls have the ability to wrap a man around their finger quicker 
than any group of women I've ever met."
"I really want to learn how to two step."
So, as I'm sure you can tell there are definitely some attractive 
characteristics to this guy (to boot he was a complete gentleman in every 
capacity).  There are no plans as of yet, but I will be sure to keep you 
informed of any progress.  Write back soon and let me know how the apartment, 
the job hunt and everything else is going.
Susan
Hey Susan,
What's with this new man who keeps popping up
everywhere?  I heard you have seen a lot of him
lately!  You'll have to e mail me back and fill me in
on the scoop.
We had a great time in Thailand.  They are right when
they say it is exotic.  We saw some pretty ronchy
things there, too.  I'm not sure it if were the old
men with the young boys and a million of those clubs
or if the clubs "featuring" women were worse.  Anyway,
we got to see and do some pretty interesting things
and ate some really good food.  Chuck is expanding his
palate (sp?).  Hope all is well in Houston!
Chris
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send online invitations with Yahoo! Invites.
Hey Ted,
Just wanted to check and see if you guys are still going planning on going 
tonight.  We have been having some major systems issues today so I'm about to 
really throw myself into my work in an effort to get out of here at a 
reasonable time.
Susan
Yes...I am a true Longhorn.  I think that's why I like Steak Night so much I mean how can you beat sitting on a deck, drinking a beer and solving the 
words problems (OK., 2 out of 3 ain't bad).  Anyway, Wednesday night sounds 
good to me, although, given how work has been going lately I doubt I'll be 
able to get there before 7:30.  Just do me a favour and forewarn Pat that 
Emily may be attending so he can prepare properly (I don't want any 
bloodshed).  I think a couple co-workers are also planning on coming so it 
should a good group.
Susan
Thursday night was indeed a blast.  I think my cohorts were ruing my 
existence by the end of the evening because I didn't have to go to work 
Friday (wedding in Dallas...very fun).  I'm sure you managed to have an all 
right time in SF as well.  I am definitely up for a bucket of beer this 
week.  It's supposed to be sunny and warm all week long and I can think of 
nothing that goes better with that than cold beer.  As for Austin, I have a 
wealth of information on the subject that I would be more than happy to 
share 
Susan 
This may appear to be somewhat of a random email, but I assure you there 
exist some semblence of reason.  I remembered you mentioning that neither you 
nor Pat have ever made a pilgramige to Blanco's.  So...I thought I should let 
you know that there is live music and cold beer on tap tonigt at the Big B Anyway it should be pretty good.  Music starts at 9:00.
Recently we approved a "based on utilization" rate in another contract -- the 
rationale was that our minimum reservation charge is zero -- so on those days 
they don't use the point, the amount allocated to reservation component 
(using our discretion to allocate between reservation and commodity) is $0 
and it's still within our minimum so it is not a negotiated rate.  Does that 
make sense to you?
OK?  Is the per unit rate for the Cal Border deliveries kosher on a firm 
contract?  DF 
Christine Stokes
02/25/2000 10:03 AM
TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
Please review the attached non-standard discount letter for Duke Energy 
Trading & Marketing.  The one year contract for 10,000 Dth/d provides for 
primary EOT-EOT transportation.  Duke is allowed to transport to 
SoCal/Needles at an incremental rate based upon actual utilization.  Duke has 
retained ROFR rights and rights to capacity release revenues above the 
discounted rate.
Please indicated approval via REPLY WITH HISTORY.   If any questions arise 
please contact me at x35702.
Read the very bottom 
Compliments of your minion.
You mock what you don't understand.....The Dyner will do the same deal 3 
years from now, but LOSE $666trillion, and call it revolutionary and 
strategic to their business.
what's going on over there Kim J Casey
06/16/2000 05:23 PM
John J Stauffacher
06/16/2000 03:19 PM
Peter Esposito
06/16/2000 02:22 PM
vanhornepr@nmenergy.com on 06/16/2000 01:58:11 PM
I guess Dynegy considers this retail??
Theresa A Flaim@NMPC
06/16/2000 01:56 PM
fyi
A different view of Enron 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
The man who thinks he can do without the world is indeed mistaken; but the
man who thinks the world cannot do without him is mistaken even worse.
-Francois, duc de La Rochefoucauld
The Word of the Day for May 19 is:=20
weird =01=07 \WEERD\ =01=07 (adjective)=20
*1 : of, relating to, or caused by witchcraft or the=20
supernatural
: magical=20
2 : of strange or extraordinary character : odd, fantastic=20
Example sentence:
"Hagar, the witch, chanted an awful incantation over her
kettleful of simmering toads, with weird effect." (Louisa=20
May
Alcott, Little Women)=20
Did you know?
You may know today's word as a generalized term for anything
unusual, but "weird" also has older meanings that are more
specific. "Weird" derives from the Old English noun "wyrd,"
essentially meaning "fate." By the late 8th century, the=20
plural
"wyrde" had begun to appear in texts as a gloss for=20
"Parcae,"
the Latin name for the Fates -- three goddesses who spun,
measured, and cut the thread of life. In the 15th and 16th
centuries, Scots authors employed "werd" or "weird" in the
phrase "weird sisters" to refer to the Fates. William
Shakespeare adopted this usage in Macbeth, in which the
"weird sisters" are depicted as three witches. Subsequent
adjectival use of "weird" grew out of a reinterpretation of=20
the
"weird" in Shakespeare.
ARIES
HOROSCOPE:   Weekly 
For May 2000: Reassess your goals and
friendships. Things have changed. Are you
satisfied with your job, relationships, and
immediate future? May brings things to light
that have been buried or disguised. Take a
cool calm steady look at what surfaces. . . and
decide if a change in direction is warranted.
It's clear that your work scenario needs
refurbishing and your daily schedule cries out
for major rehab. But first and foremost, you'll
get your second wind by dropping tension
and frustration mid month, increasing the
probability for better relations with friends,
coworkers, and relatives. Try to establish
healthy, positive change no later than the Full
Moon. Take steps to insure your financial and
business future on or before May 28.
AQUARIUS
HOROSCOPE:    Weekly 
For May 15-21: You're moving away from one
base of operations into another. Your
priorities and basic requirements are also
shifting. You find yourself relying less on
something you've clung to in the past -- and
moving closer to something newer, fresher,
and more invigorating. You've got a rage to
live and a burning desire for peak
experiences. Middle of the road choices
won't do it for you. Your hankering to push the
envelope could get you into hot water with the
old guard and certain close associates or
relatives -- possibly because they're afraid of
being replaced. But the genie is already out
of the bottle, Aquarius. You can't unlearn what
you've already tasted. Change is rolling in on
its own power now. Go with it. . . and try to
enjoy the ride 
Name           : Susan Scott
E-mail         : sscott5@
Title          : Analyst
Phone          : 3-1455
Location       : EB3276c
Last 4 of SSN  : 1734
Nationality    : UNKNOWN
Business Unit  : Risk Management, Gas Trading, Financial Books
Company        : ENA
CO or GL       : 413
RC or CC       : 1839
Rotation Start : 3/28/00
Rotation End   : ? - 3/28/01
Supervisor     : Dutch Quigley
Languages 
You are the best.  I sit on 32 now, 2376c to be exact.  When you hit the top 
of the stairs hang a left then turn left at the next possible opening.  I'll 
flag you down.  However, I would be more than happy to come down and pick up 
the check.  Just let me know what works best for you.
Homer Lin
05/15/2000 11:04 AM
Where you sit now?  I have your paychecks.
I will deliver.
Homer
The elegance of your commentary has left me speechless.
Uh huh.
I have recently moved:
CO #   413
RC#  1839
Desk  3276c
Ext.  31455
Bus. Unit ENA - Risk Management, Financial Books
Eff date  03/28/2000=20
Poss End date 3/1/2001
Supervisor Mike Moscoso (For PRC)...New supervisor is Dutch Quigley
Assistant Maria Sandoval (ext. 35586)...New assistanat is Irena Hogan ext.=20
36143
=20
2. If you have moved recently, you must provide your new CO#, RC# / Cost=20
Center#, new desk location, and extension to me. Also, needed is Name of=20
Business Unit and Group, Effective date and possible end date, Supervisor=20
(for PRC), Supervisor=01,s location and extension, Supervisor=01,s assistant along=20
with her location and extension. Please indicate the new changes when sending=20
your timesheet.
Je toujours ai su que le francais se sont penses superieur, je ne me suis pas 
rendu compte cela etait vrai pour les haut-parleurs francais aussi.
I'm a little uncomfortable with saying "TW defers to the consensus position 
of the non-SoCal settlement parties" so often.  Could we just not say 
anything on those items?  Or say TW has no comment at this time.  Would the 
other parties be put off if we were silent on these issues?
Jeffery Fawcett
02/28/2000 03:43 PM
Attached see my marked-up version of your work product.  Mark, I think you 
did an excellent job of identifying TW's position in all of the issue in the 
GIR.  However, on editing, you'll see that I truncated some of the TW 
comments in favor of a slightly shorter document -- particularly in those 
areas in which it was questionable whether we have a direct interest or not Look over and give me your feedback.  Thanks.
I understand we're supposed to offer these comments to Craig as soon as 
possible for possible inclusion in a 2nd generation "issue matrix?"
Je pense que je suis un plaisir a est vers.  (Mes excuses, le net send ne 
travaille pas.)
Hi Mark...me again.  You really are missing my presence in the controls group 
aren't you?
Mark Fondren
05/12/2000 09:16 AM
The 1 and 5 day loss violation resulted from being net short 2M bbls Heat 
with the Heat contract up $.10 cpg and short 2.4M bbls of WTI when the WTI 
contract is up 10%.
I could let the fluff comment fly if you were referring to a woman that had=20
written such works in present day, but given that Austen was dealing with a=20
completely different world with decidedly different expectations for the=20
women in it  I cannot.  The fact that she was able to challenge those limited=20
expectations and never allow her heroines to sell themselves short or=20
compromise their character should not be taken for granted.  Yes, there is a=20
definite romantic bent to her works, but in addition their is amazing insight=20
into people, their motives, their struggles and their capacity to surprise=20
even themselves.  And in the end, what conquers in her novels is the union of=20
two individuals who have the utmost respect and appreciation for each other's=20
minds and characters not the unequal and servile relationships that=20
constituted the norm for that time.
I can see the attraction of Jane Austen's characters. Their complicated=20
characters are intriguing and laughable. Yet I still prefer other genres -=20
things that I can more concretely apply to my daily life. It is obvious that=20
the same words speak differently for different people.=20
And thank you for keeping my literary brain cells alive with your sporadic=20
injections of Austen-type-fluff. (Despite the fact that the Little Woodrow's=20
nighttime activities are killing other brain cells.)
=20
Susan M Scott@ECT
05/11/2000 11:55 AM
Today we remember Jane Austen, the British writer born on this date in 1775.=20
Austen depreciated herself as a "miniaturist" and a domestic novelist of=20
restricted scope, but her literary legacy is large. She was also able to lay=20
self-deprecation aside, however, and in Northanger Abbey she declared that=20
novels -- her chosen genre -- are works in which "the greatest powers of the=20
mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the=20
happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and=20
humour are conveyed to the world in the best chosen language."=01(
Austen's work brims with general statements that are contradicted by the=20
people in her stories. For instance, Pride and Prejudice opens by noting that=20
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a=20
good fortune, must be in want of a wife." The book then describes Mrs.=20
Bennett, mother of a household full of marriageable daughters as "a woman of=20
mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper." As Austen=20
acquaints us with the tale of each daughter's engagements, she=20
wonders,                    "For what do we live, but to make sport for our=20
neighbors and  laugh at them in our turn?"As Austen acquaints us with the=20
tale of each daughter's engagements, she wonders, "For what do we live, but=20
to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?"
May there always be work for your hands to do, 
May your purse always hold a coin or two. 
May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, 
May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. 
May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart 
with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing
Today we remember Jane Austen, the British writer born on this date in 1775.=20
Austen depreciated herself as a "miniaturist" and a domestic novelist of=20
restricted scope, but her literary legacy is large. She was also able to lay=20
self-deprecation aside, however, and in Northanger Abbey she declared that=20
novels -- her chosen genre -- are works in which "the greatest powers of the=20
mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the=20
happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and=20
humour are conveyed to the world in the best chosen language."=01(
Austen's work brims with general statements that are contradicted by the=20
people in her stories. For instance, Pride and Prejudice opens by noting that=20
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a=20
good fortune, must be in want of a wife." The book then describes Mrs.=20
Bennett, mother of a household full of marriageable daughters as "a woman of=20
mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper." As Austen=20
acquaints us with the tale of each daughter's engagements, she=20
wonders,                    "For what do we live, but to make sport for our=20
neighbors and  laugh at them in our turn?"As Austen acquaints us with the=20
tale of each daughter's engagements, she wonders, "For what do we live, but=20
to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?"
Just wanted to thank you all for showing my parents such a good time last 
night.  They really enjoyed meeting you and finally being able to put some 
faces with the names.  At one point I believe my Dad even stated, "I love 
this place...now we'll have to come here every Wednesday." (An idle threat 
though don't worry).  They, as well as myself, are definitely fans of the 
topical conversational range ever present at "Steak Night".  Our own, though 
at times juvenile and base, version of the Algonquian Table.
Now on to the "food for thought"...I had a hard time narrowing down my 
selections today so please bear with the number of quotes and their seemingly 
unrelated themes (I just couldn't cut any more).
"Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, 
misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life 
with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a 
sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow Dorothy Thompson
"One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary 
form as the main aim in life. The most important motive for work in school 
and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of 
the value of the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein 
"Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but 
among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh." --W.H. Auden
"Learn to give yourself what you wish you could get from somebody else Steven Ouellette
"The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words 
return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy." -- Florence Scovel 
Shinn
"We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of 
regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn
Sorry I didn't return your call last night, Lisa and I went to hear Julie 
Andrews speak at Jones Hall and didn't get home until after 10:00 p.m Knowing what a precious commodity sleep is I refrained from possibly 
disturbing your own.
"The greatest good we can do for others is not to share our riches with them, 
but to reveal their own." - Author Unknown 
"One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary 
form as the main aim in life. The most
important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, 
pleasure in its result, and the knowledge of the value of
the result to the community." -- Albert Einstein 
"We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of 
regret or disappointment." -- Jim Rohn
"The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words 
return to us sooner or later with astounding
accuracy." -- Florence Scovel Shinn
"1. Do what's right. Be on time, be polite, and be honest; remain free from 
drugs; and if you have any questions, get out your Bible. 
2. Do your best. Mediocrity is unacceptable when you are capable of doing 
better. 
3. Treat others as you want to be treated. Practice love and understanding            -- Lou Holtz (Three rules for success)
May there always be work for your hands to do, 
May your purse always hold a coin or two. 
May the sun always shine warm on your windowpane, 
May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain. 
May the hand of a friend always be near you, And may God fill your heart 
with gladness to cheer you. -- Irish Blessing
FYI  - Europe spends an average of $4-9 per person on
the arts compared with the US at .64 and declining.