Jinbaek Kim 
Pinnamaneni Krishnarao
03/30/2000 01:40 PM
Be there for the party at 4PM Saturday. Have our ph. # 's with you just in 
case you get lost.
(Home: 281-240-5705, Cell: 713-433-3158) There are copies of directions at 
Shirley's desk.
Krishna.
Tanuja Tulsiani   Dear Energy in Europe Congress Delegate
ENERGY IN EUROPE CONGRESS 2000
19th June * 22th June 2000 * Kempinski Hotel , Berlin
I am delighted that you will be joining us to speak at our Energy in 
Europe2000 conference (formally known as Electricity in Europe Congress) and 
enclose copies of the printed brochure for you and your colleagues. I hope 
that you will agree that the programme looks excellent and the response so 
far indicates that the event will be extremely well attended.
I would be grateful if you could just take a moment to look through the items 
we would like from you prior to the conference to help ensure everything runs 
smoothly on the day.
Your Administration/Preparation Details
12 weeks to go!
You will find attached:
? PINK FORM : please tick and fill in and fax back immediately
? HOTEL FORM: please tick and fill in and fax direct to the hotel
? MARKETING.DOC: Information for out marketing department, please fill in and 
send back as soon as possible
Friday 26th May 2000 : A Hard Copy Of Your Documentation
3 weeks to go!
? We would like a hard black & white copy of  your presentation / bullet 
points/copy of slides whichever is best for you, to insert into the delegate 
documentation. We can receive this by post or email if the documents are not 
too complex but we try not to insert fax copies as copy quality is poor. 
(e-mail address - ttulsi@icbi.co.uk).
N.B. Even if you plan to speak off the cuff, we would urge that you submit at 
least an outline of your speech to us for insertion into the delegate pack by 
the above date. The most consistent complaint that we have from delegates is 
that not all speakers offer hard copies of their presentation.
? If you are unable to make this deadline, please could you inform us as 
soon as possible so that we can make alternative arrangements and avoid 
printing delay.
Under separate cover we have arranged for five brochures to be sent to you 
outlining the full programme.  These should arrive very shortly.
Should you have any queries regarding your participation at the conference 
please contact Tanuja Tulsiani, our Logistics  Manager who will be looking 
after the 'domestic' side of the event. You can call her direct on (44) 171 
915 5173 or do contact myself. Thank you once again for joining us and I look 
forward to seeing you in the Berlin.
With kind 
Alexandra Howells
Director
Energy in Europe Congress 2000
- hotel form.doc
- Pink form.doc
- marketing.doc
Zimin Lu
03/31/2000 01:43 PM
Anjam Ahmad
03/28/2000 02:08 PM
Hi Martina & Trena,
I think this is a reasonable smoothing method between the short and long-term 
models - let me know if you need me to explain it.  I also included the 
short-term models so this is now a self-standing spreadsheet, but probably 
still needs cleaning up a bit.
ZIMIN & STINSON:
We agreed on short-term and long-term models for DZCV and PLLU PPI indices in 
a meeting with Dale and Trena and a simple smoothing is employed to give the 
results as follows.  Blue and red curves are the proposed DZCV and PLLU PPI 
index forward curves whilst RPI is the market-derived black curve.
,
Anjam
x35383
Jim Dyer  Vince,
I appreciate your response to my request for you to speak to my
class on real options.  I thought you might enjoy the following exchange of
emails that occurred yesterday.  Perhaps some of these issues could be
addressed in your talk.
Jim
Jim:
Your student has raised some difficult questions.  I would recommend Ehud,
but I thought that the finance people have the answers in cases with
complete markets and that we rely on the decision science people for cases
with incomplete markets.
If it would help, I can come in at 6pm after my class in a couple of weeks.
Sheridan
Sheridan Titman
Department of Finance
College of Business Administration
University of Texas
Austin, Texas 78712-1179
512-232-2787 (phone)
512-471-5073 (fax)
titman@mail.utexas.edu
Sheridan,
Which of your classes do you want to miss?  Just kidding.  Actually
you probably told me that before.  Can you suggest someone else who would be
a good choice to discuss the use of option theory in the context of
incomplete markets, and to address some of the types of questions raised in
the note from the student?
Jim
Jim:
I teach at the same time as you do.
Sheridan
Sheridan Titman
Department of Finance
College of Business Administration
University of Texas
Austin, Texas 78712-1179
512-232-2787 (phone)
512-471-5073 (fax)
titman@mail.utexas.edu
Sheridan,
See the comments below.  I don't mean to put you on the spot, and
have not announced anything in class, but I am hoping that you could visit
my class for about an hour one Thursday afternoon to discuss your views
regarding applications of option pricing concepts to "real options".  As a
reminder, I've attached a course outline.  Chris Kenyon from Schlumberger is
speaking on April 13, and Vince Kaminski has tentatively agreed to speak on
April 20.
I am going to be out of town on April 27, so that leaves either next
Thursday (April 6) or May 4.  Would either of those times work for you?  I'm
not thinking of any preparation, but more of an informal discussion of the
"philosophical issues" related to real options work.
Jim
Josh,
Some very thoughtful observations.  As you know, I had invited one
finance professor to our class on Arundel, but he was out of town.  I do
plan to invite Sheridan Titman to discuss the issue of using the option
models in situations where there is no underlying security that is traded.
I do think it is important to face that issue, which is actually covered at
a theoretical level in our last couple of readings.
The issue of volatility is also an excellent issue for further
discussion, as you suggest.  So far, we've been looking at cases where
volatility is "given".  The problem of finding an "objective" measure of
volatility for a project reminds me of the problem of finding the correct
risk adjusted discount rate, which is not surprising since the concepts are
almost two sides of the same plate.  One approach, of course, is to do some
modeling using traditional decision analysis tools, including subjective
probabilities, but the finance people who write options articles don't like
to think  about such ideas.
I'll try to address these issues in more detail as the semester
continues.  I think it was important to surface some of these points early,
and to come back to them after we have seen how to apply the methods in a
naive sort of way.
Thanks for the feedback and comments.
Jim
After overcoming the initial (I hope) overload of materials and tools
presented
thus far in the semester, it appears to me that you are achieving the
objective
of making us comfortable with optionality valuation as applied to a variety
of
problems which are outside the borders defined by a liquid market of traded
financial elements.
As a constructive feedback, you have been forthright with us in marking off
areas of this subject which are still controversial.  I also realize that
rightly so, real-world application of this type of analysis without a robust
understanding of finance may degenerate into a succession of assumptions
that
result in a "house of cards" effect.  My opinion at this point is that two
issues are of potentially "make-or-brake" importance if I am to persuade my
superiors to accept these methods for valuations outside the realm of
projects
whose value is primarily driven by the value of commodities backed by
financial
instruments.  These issues are easy to guess:
1)  Discounting and Risk Free rates:  I do not sense that anyone in the
class
has put forth convincing arguments as to the proper application of time
value
questions in the absence of liquidity.  Is there someone within the finance
department that can present a firmer position on this question?
2)  Volatility: I found Winston's examples on this metric succinct.  I would
recommend that in future years you dedicate some hours of class time to this
subject.  My criticism again relates to messy problems.  I anticipate
arguments
against real option applications based on the dispute of volatility
measures.
If I were a conservative financial manager, I would argue that:
*** Two-a: implied volatility derived from an industry specific slice of
equity
options is a shotgun approach -- the projects being valued are of a tranche
which may in fact have a significantly different outcome variance than the
weighted average measured by the equities utilized.  Oil, gas and electricty
are
good examples the major players are competing on many different levels of
the
value chain. Smaller companies do exist which are dedicated to one strata,
but
what about projects that want to exploit opportunies across strata in a
vertically integrated company?
*** Two-b: based on the following skepticism - if a real option value is
being
proposed for a new business venture (some new unexploited opportunity,)
there is
some paradox embedded in the increased value based on high volatility in new
ventures and the high risk of failure.  This skepticism is likely to be less
acute in high-tech sectors where the huge upside of new ventures is paraded
before us daily by NASDQ touts.  It is a much harder sell to "mature"
industries.
Of particular interest in the power industry are investments centered around
opportunities arising from restructuring of electricity and natural gas
sectors
as regulation is removed.  A large proportion of the risk is embedded in
ongoing
changes of public policy on an international basis.  As an intentionally
screwed-up example, can anyone other than a financial genius correctly asses
volatility for U.S. companies investing in seed projects in Mexico based on
speculation of the inevitable dismantling of the national utility (CFE) and
PEMEX?
James S. Dyer
Fondren Centennial Chair in Business
Department of Management Science and Information Systems
CBA 5.202
The University of Texas at Austin
Austin, Texas 78712-1175
Email:  j.dyer@bus.utexas.edu
Telephone:  512-471-5278
Fax:  512-471-0587
Zimin Lu
03/31/2000 01:44 PM
Anjam Ahmad
03/21/2000 04:10 PM
Hi Martina & Trena,
I made a few minor changes to the models...  I reckon these models can be 
checked in Houston now - the raw data is included (see attached spreadsheets) 
and all the regression parameters and main statistics are displayed.  I 
became interested in how far DZCV and PLLU should be below RPI and whether 
this model is reflecting any reversion to the RPI level; I believe that the 
forecasts are accurately reflecting this.  Please see graphs below:
Both models really need our RPI curve to be linked (at the moment I have just 
copied the 2.3% number forward).  Because the auto-regressive error term is 
not very important, we can run the models forward with reasonable 
confidence.  As I mentioned, I don't think we can really run this model more 
than 12 months, in fact, I think we should run for 9-12 months and blend the 
next 3-4 months out with the long-term model.
Hope I can fix the long-term ones now with some new insight!
,
Anjam
x35383
PLLU:    DZCV:
pp2
Zimin Lu
03/31/2000 01:44 PM
Anjam Ahmad
03/21/2000 04:10 PM
Hi Martina & Trena,
I made a few minor changes to the models...  I reckon these models can be 
checked in Houston now - the raw data is included (see attached spreadsheets) 
and all the regression parameters and main statistics are displayed.  I 
became interested in how far DZCV and PLLU should be below RPI and whether 
this model is reflecting any reversion to the RPI level; I believe that the 
forecasts are accurately reflecting this.  Please see graphs below:
Both models really need our RPI curve to be linked (at the moment I have just 
copied the 2.3% number forward).  Because the auto-regressive error term is 
not very important, we can run the models forward with reasonable 
confidence.  As I mentioned, I don't think we can really run this model more 
than 12 months, in fact, I think we should run for 9-12 months and blend the 
next 3-4 months out with the long-term model.
Hope I can fix the long-term ones now with some new insight!
,
Anjam
x35383
PLLU:    DZCV:
Zimin Lu
03/31/2000 01:45 PM
Martina Angelova
03/22/2000 02:59 PM
Hi Zimin!
Please find attached the RPI model I developed by bootstrapping RPI swaps. 
The structure of this particular swap is 
semi/semi Act/365F