(See attached file: MessageFromBoeing.pps)
Just it case it is true!
I didn't see where Lucille sent this to you and I wanted to make sure you
knew about it.  Please tell everyone you can--especially my nieces.
Dont know if this is true...but with everything going on...its better to
be safe than sorry 
I checked this out at an urban legend site and I found no evidence
of this being a hoax.. I pray it is.. However, just as a precaution. 
Be safe, 
Jessica
I received the following message and immediately contacted the
person that initiated it since I don't like to forward hoaxes. 
Laura lives near L.A. and tells me that to the best of her knowledge 
this is true; however, it could still be a hoax, it's up to you if 
you take it to heart or not. 
Peggy 
All, My friend Megan here at work called the lady at the end of the
email who confirmed that this is a legit email....she's very skeptical
as well but decided to send it anyway.....SCARY, HUH....Mon 
I called and emailed the creator of this message and it is true.
Thanks,
Megan 
FYI - I was very skeptical of this e-mail so I called the telephone
number and it really was Laura Katsis at work.  She said that she did 
write and send the e-mail in reaction to what her girlfriend told her.
This could still be a hoax, but I am taking it a little more seriously 
knowing that Laura is a real person who admits writing the e-mail and 
who stands behind what she wrote. ----- Forwarded by Lisa Kent/US/Fabtech
on 10/05/2001
Hi All 
I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't do the
reactionary thing and send out anything that crosses my path. This
one, however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it enough
credibility in my mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out to
all of you. 
My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a
month ago.
She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up.  She was
understandably upset and went to his home to find it completely
emptied.
On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that he
wished he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it
had to be like that.  The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her
not to get on any commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls
on Halloween.  As soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called
the FBI and has since turned over the letter. 
This is not an email that I've received and decided to pass on. This
came from a phone conversation with a long-time friend of mine last
night. 
I may be wrong, and I hope I am.  However, with one of his warnings
being correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the
second and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same
information that I did. 
Laura Katsis Implementation Specialist 
714/921-5424 lkatsis@volt.com  OpsVolt_Track@volt.com  
 > > I AM THANKFUL FOR  > > > THE PARTNER WHO HOGS THE COVERS EVERY NIGHT,
 > > BECAUSE HE
 > > IS NOT OUT WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
 > > THE CHILD WHO IS NOT CLEANING HIS ROOM, BUT IS
 > > WATCHING TV,
 > > BECAUSE THAT MEANS HE IS AT HOME AND NOT ON THE
 > > STREETS.
 > > FOR THE TAXES THAT I PAY, BECAUSE IT MEANS THAT I
 > > AM EMPLOYED.
 > > FOR THE MESS TO CLEAN AFTER A PARTY, BECAUSE IT
 > > MEANS THAT
 > > I HAVE BEEN SURROUNDED BY FRIENDS.
 > > FOR THE CLOTHES THAT FIT A LITTLE TOO SNUG,
 > > BECAUSE IT MEANS
 > > I HAVE ENOUGH TO EAT.
 > > FOR MY SHADOW THAT WATCHES ME WORK, BECAUSE IT
 > > MEANS I AM IN THE SUNSHINE.
 > > FOR A LAWN THAT NEEDS MOWING, WINDOWS THAT NEED
 > > CLEANING, AND GUTTERS THAT NEED FIXING, BECAUSE IT MEANS I HAVE A
HOME.
 > > FOR ALL THE COMPLAINTS I HEAR ABOUT THE
 > > GOVERNMENT, BECAUSE IT MEANS THAT WE HAVE FREEDOM OF SPEECH.
 > > FOR THE PARKING SPOT I FIND AT THE FAR END OF THE
 > > PARKING LOT, BECAUSE IT MEANS I AM CAPABLE OF WALKING AND THAT I HAVE
 > > BEEN BLESSED WITH TRANSPORTATION.
 > > FOR MY HUGE HEATING BILL, BECAUSE IT MEANS I AM
 > > WARM.
 > > FOR THE LADY BEHIND ME IN CHURCH THAT SINGS OFF
 > > KEY, BECAUSE IT MEANS THAT I CAN HEAR.
 > > FOR THE PILE OF LAUNDRY AND IRONING, BECAUSE IT
 > > MEANS I HAVE CLOTHES TO WEAR.
 > > FOR WEARINESS AND ACHING MUSCLES AT THE END OF
 > > THE DAY, BECAUSE IT MEANS I HAVE BEEN CAPABLE OF WORKING HARD.
 > > THE ALARM THAT GOES OF IN THE EARLY MORNING
 > > HOURS, BECAUSE IT MEANS THAT I AM ALIVE.
 > > AND FINALLY  > > > FOR TOO MUCH E-MAIL, BECAUSE IT MEANS I HAVE
 > > FRIENDS WHO ARE THINKING OF ME.
 > > ** SEND THIS TO SOMEONE YOU CARE ABOUT, AND WHEN
 > > YOU THINK YOUR LIFE IS SO BAD, READ THIS AGAIN   
Hi! 
What group are you moving to?  Have you finally had enough of us?  I can't blame you!  Good luck & take care.
Effective immediately Sean Riordan @X5-4298 will be responsible for Deal Validation issues.  He is taking over all my current duties as I will be moving to a new group.  I will be helping Sean with Deal Validation issues until 10/19/2001. 
Please let your group know that they should now be calling Sean for assistance 
Hi!
Thanks - these were very good!
Take Care!
since you like to watch TV
Sent: Wednesday, October 10, 2001 1:34 PM
ON A LIGHTER NOTE 
 >                     MONDAYS:
 >                     8:00 - "Husseinfeld"
 >                     8:30 - "Mad About Everything"
 >                     9:00 - "Suddenly Sanctions"
 >                     9:30 - "Everybody Loves Osama"
 >                     10:00 - "Allah McBeal"
 >                     TUESDAYS
 >                     8:00 - "Wheel of Terror and Fortune"
 >                     8:30 - "Buffy the Yankee Imperialist Dog Slayer"
 >                     9:00 - "Children Are Forbidden From Saying the
 > Darndest Things"
 >                     9:30 - "Afghanistan's Wackiest Public Execution
 > Bloopers"
 >                     10:00 - "Survivor V: Jalalabad"
 >                     WEDNESDAY
 >                     8:00 - "Goodnight America"
 >                     8:30 - "Third Rock From Kabul"
 >                     9:00 - "When Northern Alliances Attack"
 >                     9:30 - "Two Guys, a Girl, and a Pita Bread"
 >                     10:00 - "Just Shoot Everyone"
 >                     THURSDAY
 >                     8:00 - "Lifestyles of the Dirt Poor and Dusty"
 >                     8:30 - "West Wing ER"
 >                     9:00 - "Veilwatch"
 >                     9:30 - "Who Wants To Be A Martyr"
 >                     10:00 - "Veronica's Closet Full of Long Black
 >                     Shapeless Dresses and Veils"
 >                     FRIDAY
 >                     8:00 - "Judge Laden"
 >                     8:30 - "My Two Bagdads"
 >                     9:00 - "Achmed's Creek"
 >                     9:30 - "No Witness News"
 >                     10:00 - "Wild Wild Mid East"
 >                     10:30 - "I Dream of Jihad"
 
please SEND TO  to correct individuals
Dear Supplier:
Dominion Energy Consulting is the Fuel Manager and Agent for E.R. Carpenter Co..
We  are soliciting supply offers from your company on the attached load profiles
for  the  term  period  November 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002.   We understand
each  supplier  cannot  serve  all locations, so bid only on those where you are
competitive.
Your  offers should include Full Firm Requirements NYMEX basis to the City Gate.
The  location  and  LDC  is  included with each plant
Hi!
The sitara deal # is 1068979.
Thanks!
Andy,
Please forward the deal number(s) for the Oct Nymex match-ups - thanks !
Ellen
Hi!
Thank you once again for all your sucessful efforts to renegotiate this deal.  It means so much to Enron and the physical desk. =20
=20
=20
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.
Frank
Hi Susan, 
I have not really been MIA just taking some time off.  I received an offer to trade for UBS which I have accepted. Our desk will be very small to start out.  Brad did not accept his offer and is moving to Kansas City to work for Aquila.  Pete quit before he was made an offer to work for a bank in New York City.  I am so happy for him.  All that is left are me, Scott, Judy (working full-time), Chuck, Sandra and Jon McKay.  Scott wants to trade all the points we were trading before so it should be interesting.  He is going to trade the Hub physical and financial.  Judy and I are going to split up everything else. Chuck is going to trade market area.  Frank Vickers, Jared and Craig are all that is left of origination.  Jared had a baby girl on Thursday.  Her name is Kendall Gill (do not know where the Gill came from)  and everyone is doing fine.How are you doing 
Andy
Hi, Andy!  Are you still around there?  I  had reports that you were MIA.  How's the UBS thing going?  I heard  some folks have already quit and some were laid off.  Are you  OK  
Susan
Yes - I received it last week.
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.
Carolyn Graham
Enron NetWorks LLC
Vendor Management
713-345-8008
Please call me back - I love you so much.
Andy - I have not been willing to give up the wheel chair because I have been told twice in the past two (2) years that certain signs regarding my health could be early signs of M.S.  I do not accept this I think its stress but who knows.  I have not told the kids or Bob.  I would appreciate it you didn't either so please don't telling anyone else.  Love You - Mish
The report named: East P/L Totals <  published as of 11/28/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.
The report named: East P/L Totals <  published as of 11/29/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.
Please terminate any contributions to the United Way for 2001 & 2002.  Please call me at X35775 if you have any questions.
Hi!=20
Sorry it has taken so long to respond but I took a few days of vacation.  Happy New Year to you too and I hope it is a better year for all of us.  Today they announced that UBS Warburg has purchased the trading company.  This is good news except we do not know any information about how the company will be structured so I still do not know if I will have a job.  This is stressful because it has been going on for so long.  I wish something would happen good or bad.  Originally I thought this would be a terrible thing to not have a job at Enron or in the energy sector but as time goes on I have come to think maybe it would just force us to do something else with our lives.  Something we have thought about for a long time. It is a tragedy that after 25 years of service we will get no severance.  I feel so sad for all those people who lost everything including a job.  Dick has been retained as a key employee for EES to help close down the business so his job will eventually end.  We have no time frame for him.  Hope everything is going well for you and your family.  Take care!
Hi Andy,  Just wanted to tell you Happy New Year and that I hope you and Dick are doing ok with all that's been going on.  It's been a tough couple of months hasn't it?  Are you guys ok job wise?  I've been thinking about you.  Let's hope 2002 is a better year!!
Dana
Dana L. Jones
NNG Commercial Support
713-853-5787
Read each sentence slowly and think about it.
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends
with a tear.
Don't cry over anyone who won't cry over you.
Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave, and
impossible to forget.
You can only go as far as you push.
Actions speak louder than words.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love,
love somebody else.
Don't let the past hold you back, you're missing the
good stuff.
Life's short. If you don't look around once in a while
you might miss it.
A BEST FRIEND is like a four leaf clover, HARD TO FIND
and LUCKY TO HAVE.
Some people make the world SPECIAL just by being in
it.
BEST FRIENDS are the siblings God forgot to give us.
When it hurts to look back, and you're scared to look
ahead, you can look beside you and your BEST FRIEND
will
be there.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP "NEVER" ENDS. Friends are FOREVER.
Good friends are like stars....You don't always see
them, but you know they are always there.
Don't frown. You never know who is falling in love
with
your smile.
What do you do when the only person who can make you
stop crying is the person who made you cry?
Nobody is perfect until you fall in love with them.
Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then
it's not the end.
Most people walk in and out of your life, but only
friends leave footprints in your heart.
Send this on to everyone special in your life, even
the
people who really make you mad sometimes and to the
people whose lives you want to be in 
And send it back to the person who sent it too you
if they mean something to you 
Remember, every minute spent angry is sixty seconds of
happiness wasted.
AWESOME PRAYER:
May today there be peace within you. May you trust
God
that you are exactly where you are meant to be. "I
believe that friends are quiet angels who lift us to
our
feet when our wings have trouble remembering how to
fly."
Just send this to (4) people and see what happens on
the
fourth day. Do not break this, please. There is no
cost,
but lots of rewards.
Hi!
Sorry it took so long to respond but I took a couple of days off.  Tuesday is fine for dinner - looking forward to it.  It looks like UBS Warburg is our new owner.  We do not have any information yet from our management so I can't tell you any more about the structure of the company.  Hopefully I'll know more by Tuesday.  Let me know what time on Tuesday. Maybe we could eat somewhere closer to the loop since we only work until around 3:00 right now and you are out that way and Cindy has to go that way.
Hey Andy,
I talked to Cindy and next week Tuesday sounds good  to her.  How about Ruggles again?  Let me know.
Terri Fiandt
4813 Bellview
Bellaire, TX  77401
713.661.0245tfiandt@houston.rr.com  
Corrected price - sorry for the confusion!
Is deal 1143838 a NYMEX deal even though it has fixed commodity price?
Please advise.
Sean Riordan
x54298
Hi Steve,
I spoke to Jeff Hodge this morning. Jeff asked that I provide to you the pipeline contracts we will need to put into place for the East Trading desk as soon as possible after  we find out who is going to buy us.  As expected the pipelines would only provide us will shell sgreements but we would like to get a step ahead by having legal review them so we can hopefully turn them around quickly when credit is established with the new entity.  You should receive them this afternoon.  I am at X35775.
Thank you!
Hi!
Count me in!
Thanks
I have scheduled the Health Center to come and administer flu shots to our floor on Wednesday.  I need to have an approximate number of how many vaccines we will need.  Please ask within your groups today and see who will be interested and let me know.
Thank You,
Ina Rangel
Administrative Coordinator
The sitara number for November is 1143838 but you probably know by now - sorry for the delay.
Andy,
Please forward the deal number(s) for the Nov Nymex match-ups.
Thanks
Richard
x54886
Per our verbal discussion of Friday January 4, I requested 2000MMBtu/d of storage gas for the period January 5-7 to serve an existing market on Florida Pipeline. Ragan Bond at Bridgeline informed me that my request would be denied.  ENA needed to purchase pre-paid gas from Sequent to fulfill the market's request for additional supplies.  ENA did not attempt to schedule the delivery of gas out of storage after Bridgeline informed me they would not perform on our request because we would have needed to request the customer to submitt a nomination for a delivery that would not be confirmed.  Please let me know if you need additional information concerning this transaction.
Hi Aunt Mary and Uncle Bob 
Sorry it has taken me so long to write.  Life is not good here at Enron.  I have been asked to stay on until the company I work for is sold.  I have been told I will be a part of the new company in it's proposed format.  Many things can change between now and then and I am very skeptical as the company has told so many lies to so many people.  It was so sad the day they let all those people go.  I felt sad and guilty because I still had a job.  Dick's company has basically been shut down.  He was asked to stay on as a key person to help close down the business.  His job will eventually end but we have no time frame.  I know you are probably wondering about our financial situation.  We had sold all our Enron stock in our 401K some time ago so we have done ok.
It is so wonderful that you will get to see everyone sometime during the holidays.  Please tell them hello and MERRY CHRISTMAS.  It sounds like everyone is doing well.  Michele is disappointed we are not coming home for Christmas but Dick is on call and he wants to work as long as possible.  He keeps saying he is going to retire but I think he will get bored and end up going back to work especially if I am still working.  I wish I could say more but for so long now our lives have been consumed with being part of the biggest bankrupcy in history and it has become very depressing.  Take care.
All our love.
P.S.  Next time I write I promise to be more upbeat.
Dear Andy, 
Have been reading about the troubles at Enron, hope this hasn't affected your job. 
Are you and Dick going to Omaha for Christmas? Lisa, Billy and Madison will be here on the 23rd and stay for about a week. Steve, Lenora and the boys can't come until the week after Christmas. It's a very busy time of year for Steve, at work Lori, Jeff and their families will be here as usual. 
Did you have a good Thanksgiving? We had a nice quiet day, just Lori, Jeff and their families. Lisa and Billy stayed in Austin this year as it has been a very busy football season for them. 
Jeff and Marsha are back together and seem to be getting along very well. They got a new puppy last week. It's an 11 week old female, yellow Labrador. They named her Gypsy. She is really cute but is going to get pretty big. Oh well, not my problem. 
Hope this finds you and Dick doing well. 
Love, Aunt Mary Lou 
P.S. Uncle Bob sends his love. 
P.P.S. Come see us anytime 
Hi!
It is so nice to hear from you!  I am trying not to think of all that is going on here - but it is not fun.  Seeing you next week,  however, will be.
Would you have any free time to go to lunch or dinner maybe on Wednesday?
Let me know - sorry for the delay in responding I just opened your note.
Hey Andy,
How are you?  I saw Stephanie a couple of weeks ago in Napa and asked about
you.  Then, I meant to send you a note before now, but better late than
never.  I've been thinking of all of you this week, and hoping that
everything is going ok.  I remember what it is like to have your company the
focus of lots of analyst and media attention, and I hope it turns out fine
you all there.
I don't have any news to tell.  I am doing good, enjoying a beautiful fall
here, but not looking forward to winter.  I may be coming down to the
Nutcracker Market in a couple weeks.  Any chance that you will be there?
Susan
- cubicle hurdles.mpeg 
- Hallway races.mpeg 
- Rowing.mpeg 
Re: Organizational Changes
Over the last several quarters, EES has successfully implemented a number of new business models, organizational structures and processes.  The result has been tremendous customer contracting in the U.S., Canada and Western Europe in 2001.  In all cases, EES's large consumer market share has expanded and we have rapidly increased our market penetration in the small consumer market - Enron Direct.  This effort, in itself is impressive, especially given that at the same time, EES has had to significantly restructure and re-tool its execution capabilities, systems and mid and back offices.  I can assure you that these processes, systems and capabilities are improving.  This is only the result of a lot of hard work from back to front across EES, EES risk and Enron Networks.
In that light, I am pleased to announce a number of organizational changes which demonstrate our continued commitment to the European market and the creation of a new exciting channel in the Enron Direct USA business.
A)=09EES Europe:
Effective immediately, Sean Holmes will be moving to London to manage EES Europe.  We believe that Sean has the broad based experience in the EES business model, products, retail energy risk management and demand side management to take the European business to next level. Charlie Crossley-Cooke will manage our small consumer (Enron Direct) franchise.  This franchise has continued to grow, in the UK and on the continent, and has provided significant income to EES in 2001. Enron Direct will also continue to provide mid and back office services to EES Europe. Paul Turner will manage our large consumer business in Western Europe.  Paul will be replacing Stuart Rexrode who will be returning to EES in Houston.  Over the last few quarters, our penetration of this market, primarily in the UK, has grown dramatically with completed contracts with Sainsbury, Guiness, Kraft and Pirelli.  Many of these transactions include gas, power and demand side management.  We would like to thank Stuart for all his hard work toward the continued growth of the European franchise.
We are also pleased to announce the formation of the European Product Group led by Roy Poyntz.  This group will lead the development of new products and services for both the large and small consumer markets.  As in North America, its main role will be to ensure viable and innovative products are continually available in the pipeline to ensure the continued growth of the European business. The Product Group will also ensure product diversity between gas, power and energy efficiency products.  We continue to be committed to the development of the demand side management aspects of our business to differentiate us from our competitors. On a final note, the EES Europe commodity structuring and DSM groups will now report to Sean in addition to Charlie, Paul and Roy.=20
As part of this change, Deb Merrill will be assuming the lead role in Deal Management in EES USA replacing Sean.  Deb has been an integral part of EES from many years and we believe she has all the experience and skill sets to effectively manage and build on this integral function in EES USA.
B)=09Enron Direct USA - Dealer Network
Effective immediately, Stuart Rexrode will manage this new sales channel inside Enron Direct USA.  Stuart will be building this new more sophisticated agent selling channel by creating franchise like relationships with numerous "dealers" across the US.  This dealer network will consist of small knowledgeable entrepreneurs and consultants that have been in the energy markets for many years and have great regional expertise and customer relationships. EES will provide a franchise like program where we provide resources and products to this agent base in exchange for exclusive provision of sales services and customer aggregation.  We hope that this network can provide the customer acquisition velocity and low cost acquisition model benefits of the mass market agents but provide a more sophisticated agent in front of larger clients in order to sell higher value products that include gas, power and DSM.  Phyllis Anzalone and her team are already working on the development of this dealer network and will become part of this group reporting to Stuart.  Phyllis and her team deserve a lot of credit for the identification and build out to date of this newest business model in EES.
In conclusion, everyday we are getting better and more effective.  We should be very pleased with the financial and operating performance of EES for 2001.  We have an EBIT target of $75 million for Q4 which is only $4 million higher than Q3, We will finish the year at approximately $247 million.  This is approximately 10% over 2001 plan and 120% growth in recurring earnings year on year.  The business model is working and we are one step closer to the goal of becoming the leading global energy retailer.  The All-Employee meeting will be on November 1 where we look forward to discussing with you our operational and financial results for 2001 and our plan, strategies and objectives for 2002.
Billy,
We will try to make it to the party.  Right now its about 50/50 whether we will make it.  It we do not make it enjoy yourselves otherwise we will see you then.
Dick