food and drinks are ok , and I can get a room with a TV , the only channel they do NOT have is espn
it will not be as casual as a home but maybe move faster
dutch,
since there will be a plethora of college games televised than do we
have t.v. access....and what about food/drinks?  if we can do all this in
a conference room then i'm ok with it?
ty.servello@cs.oag.state.tx.us
I am indifferent on the location just though downtown might be easier for
everyone
My poor drafting will be the same no matter where it happens
Dutch
Sent:   Monday, August 13, 2001 6:08 PM
CAN WE VOTE ON OUR NEW ADDITION?
jody and the former 'less than zero star' are in...and i'm sure
rick, grant, dan, bj, & currie would back me on any vote for newcomer!
we also have to pick the place...either ENRON field or jody's place?
i'll be marathon training that morning so i'll be rushing to whichever
location we choose.  i'm cool with the spotswig residence if he's
offering.
5 votes for jody....who else is out there?
ty.servello@cs.oag.state.tx.us
>> "Spottswood, Jerry    O.K...O.K...After all these years (Rick would definitely get a kick out
of
this), I guess I'm in.  It was much more fun to sit back and laugh at Ty
and
Dan each week though.  I'm sure I'll pay for that now.
Ty, if you can get John Sz. on board, he and I can put together a team
this
year if you're still looking to fill a spot.  I need John for sure
though.
I'll throw my house in the hat as well for a possible location to do the
draft.
We're 5 min. up from HWY 249 (by Willowbrook mall and the horse track),
or
about 15min. from 45N/Beltway, or about 15min. from 290W/Beltway.
You make the call 
Later,
Jody
Jerry D. Spottswood
ISSG Marketing/Launch Support Programs
ISSG Divisional Marketing
Phone:  (281)514-0279
Pager:  (800)507-0120
e-mail: Jerry.Spottswood@compaq.com
September 8th it is!  franchise players to be named by 8/31!
draft will be 11-12 ish but where?  dan has volunteered his house
(pearland)...we can do it at mine (katy)...or anywhere else that might
be more centrally located?
jody has shown interest for years and even held the draft at his place
a few years back (the infamous pool basketball tournament...and the
black
eyes which resulted from it....and let's not forget the HAWK/rotweiller
-C
URBY/warlock doberman showdown).  i say we give him the first
opportunity.
jody,
once we figure who has designated a franchise player then the remaining
teams without one have what we call a supplemental draft....basically a
catch up round.  there is one catch for those who pick franchise
players    when we draw numbers for the 1st "official" round they pick at the
bottom
because they have the best players in hand.
sorry if i'm being the brother at arms but we need to finalize asap.
the
cost
is $225????  someone please confirm.   jody, john szallai is back in
town
and wants in on the action and i will share a team with him if necessary
or you can???  we also vote at every draft what upcoming changes we
desire for the following year.
ty.servello@cs.oag.state.tx.us
>> "Crawford, Kevin    Malone has officially kicked Stockton off the team...therefore, I will
be
jumping to the weak ASS north (A DREAM COME TRUE FOR ME) to join Malone
(although our name will change) and leave my Southern team in the
capable
hands of my co-owner Jeff.  Dutch has said that he will be back.  Thus,
that
is 3 teams spoken for.
S & M RULES 
Well it seems that Kevin has already done plenty of work on this.  I'm
glad
to see that plenty of people are still interested and planning on being
there.  Dan's e-mail is bouncing back - so Ty try and get in touch with
him,
and Jody if need be.
I'm assuming that the franchise player issue for next year will be voted
on
at the draft, as usual.  Kiske, a motion to eliminate Tight Ends?
Current status quo - franchise players were voted on at last year's
draft
and will be allowed for this season, but we will be voting on whether or
not
to eliminate them for upcoming seasons.
Everyone comfortable with announcing your franchise player by August 31?
I'll designate my franchise player as Edgerrin James.
I vote for September 8th as well,  11 or 12 is fine with me.
Michael
dan and i are in...probably bj as well.  bj and i are totally against
franchise players and if we are keeping them then they should be
announced (as usual) prior to the draft.
jody...care to join us 
ty.servello@cs.oag.state.tx.us
>> "Kevin"     I sent an E-mail to Deluke and others and was told that the agreed upon
date
was Sept 8...mainly due to the previous weekend being Labor Day.  I
would
prefer our usual start time around 11 or 12.  I have somewhere else to
be
around 5pm or so.  We also agreed to divulge franchise players and
determine
draft order the day of the draft.  If anyone has issues...then speak
now.
Later,
Kevin
 Yes that time has come upon us again - fantasy football for the 2001
season.
 I'm sure I echo everyone's feelings about the loss of Rick Pearce.
It's
 been a tough summer because of it.  Since Rick took care of much of
the
 Commissioner's duties the past few years, we are in a void.  That
being
 said, I want to start this process of keeping our league intact.
Please
 respond as quickly as possible and let me know your intentions as far
as
 (1) playing in the league
 (2) preference for a draft date (September 1 which is Labor Day
Weekend,
or
 September 9)
 (3) anyone you know who might be interested in joining the league.
 Thanks
 Michael Currie
 Barking Spiders
 mcurrie@tcta.org
 mgoblue1@yahoo.com
i love you baby
dq
done
Here is the address:
hrglobal.enron.com
login is 9#
pw:  YYYYMMDD if not, try your PEP password
no news as of yet
I Love you
dq
Kevin booked some tee times for 8 am Sunday morning, does this conflict with any plans ?
Luv ya 
dq
no prob
i'm sorry that i forgot to send you the msg in the first place ... good thing your vm light works because mine doesn't!!
i did , thnx
Here is a goody for you
Here is a link with the Bear Creek Golf World Location to send to anyone
thank you soooooooo much for being able to take care of all the pay offs baby
no- have fun
the pay off was $8135
Kevin booked some tee times for 8 am Sunday morning, does this conflict with any plans ?
Luv ya 
dq
try this
Go golfing this SUNDAY!!!  I have two tee  times reserved at Bear Creek's President course for 8:00 and 8:07.   Let me know if you want to go.  The cost is 40/person.
Later,
Kevin
honey I love you , and i can take care of getting kori over there
It is just crazy right now
I did not tell you but you were looking hot yesterday when you came down to the gym 
ily
dq
i do not see these eveyday but when i do i will send it to you
luv ya
this was awesome- can i get one for today??
P&L
Yours	23,249
Maggi	  2,294
May	    155
Zipper	      58
Total	25,757
VAR
Yours	 34,573,920
Maggi	   1,112,765
May	   1,178,289
Zipper	      175,777
Total	 33,779,718
Let me know if you need anything
Eric,
Here is the revised table.
Let me know if you have any questions
Dutch
me too , arnold is out today so a little busy
i love you honey
Good morning to my sweet honey..
Hope your day goes well...I really hope
that I did not come across as insensitive in our 
discussion to try to get the townhouse back in the
event we get a contract on our lot, I just want what is best
given the levels of stress we deal with day in and day out
So- I would like to talk further about it- because if it makes sense
to try and keep going on that new construction then maybe we should- I guess we would
have "down time" while it was being built... just hope the lead on our
lot comes through.
love you 
k-kay
will call , thnx
913-685-0501 - michele talked to your mom this a.m., sounds like grandma
may leave the hospital today - treatment is not working.  lg
CONGARTS BABY
i am in also
Hi Guys,
How does 4PM next Thursday sound to head over to Ninfa's for some nachos and beer? It's been too long since we got a chance to shoot the $hit!
Torrey Moorer 
EnronOnline Product Control Group 
(713) 853-6218 
Talking to michele grandma will not live to much longer so i will call mom later today 
remind me that we need to change the price on the brocures as soon as possible ok
luv you
dq
Checked on CA flights- I know you are busy so just respond when you can and i will take care of this - it needs to be ticketed today
Which option works best for you: LAX was too expensive
1- Leave 8/31 at 5:30pm arrive Orange County 6:55pm
Returns 9/3 leaves there 2pm arrives here 7:20pm 
Total price $331.50 per person
OR
2- Leave 8/31 at 8:40pm arrive Orange County 9:55pm
Returns 9/3 leaves there 2pm arrives here 7:20pm
Total Price $243.50 per person
PS
No need to use up miles for this since tickets are not very pricey- would rather
save those 80k miles to go to a more expensive destination
bid 3.815 Monday 8-20 at 11:45
Thanks again.
Russell
Dutch,
Per the attached, please proved a bid.
Thanks
Russell
no prob
thanks for keeping me in the loop today regarding our lot
since I know you must be very busy..
ly lots
kay
Kevin,
There have been several things change as of late in my life.
One ,  we are not buying a townhouse anymore, we still have to sell our lot.
Kay is going to stay at a townhouse near downtown and as of today i am looking for an apartment.
I came to the realization that I got way off track , as I usually do , with the plan of both of us
getting a place on our own for six months and going from there. I can not tell you how grateful I 
have been for the support both you and Nancy have given me during this time in my life.
I know i have not been at your house as of late and that is due to being off track of the plan.
Is it ok for me to be at your house on and off for the next couple of weeks as i get an apartment set up ?
I will be working on renting a place that starts the 1st of the month.
Let me know
dq
Kevin,
There have been several things change as of late in my life.
One ,  we are not buying a townhouse anymore, we still have to sell our lot.
Kay is going to stay at a townhouse near downtown and as of today i am looking for an apartment.
I came to the realization that I got way off track , as I usually do , with the plan of both of us
getting a place on our own for six months and going from there. I can not tell you how grateful I 
have been for the support both you and Nancy have given me during this time in my life.
I know i have not been at your house as of late and that is due to being off track of the plan.
Is it ok for me to be at your house on and off for the next couple of weeks as i get an apartment set up ?
I will be working on renting a place that starts the 1st of the month.
Let me know
dq
thank you for the msg
I hope that you had a good eve also
i will let you know when i hear anything on my grandma
good morning- hope you had a nice evening 
hope it's a good one today
thinking of you
kay
My grandmother passed away yesterday so I will not be able to make it
get with you guys next time
dq
Just checking in to make sure everyone's still on target for tomorrow at 4PM?
Hi Guys,
How does 4PM next Thursday sound to head over to Ninfa's for some nachos and beer? It's been too long since we got a chance to shoot the $hit!
Torrey Moorer 
EnronOnline Product Control Group 
(713) 853-6218 
Good morning honey
I hope you have a great day
dq
Thanks So much for the info , Have a great weekend and good luck with you new job.
Dutch
okay - here's what i know -- we are trying to hire some of the best
people out there at whatever they may do -- one position that we are
looking at is kinda what you are already doing -- our nymex trader is
bob shiring -- take that however you wish -- but that's who you  would
be working directly with so that's who you would need to talk to.  i
know this position is in the budget for this year but i'm not sure what
the time frame is.  bob's email is bob.shiring@rweamericas.com -- you
can tell him that you got his name from me and then i'm sure he'll
approach me about it -- that is, of course, if you are interested and to
the extent that you do not have any contractual issues in talking to us.
Sent: Friday, January 18, 2002 10:00 AM
Hey Tori,
First of all Congrats on the new job.
Thanks for telling Susan and thinking about me.
So tell me a little about what the opportunity is all about.
If there another person that I should talk to just email me
the Name and number and I can talk to them.
Dutch
713-853-9216
.
that is great , how are the two of you doing these days with her back to work and life moving forward ?
tell me about the vegas trip for the 100th time , when where and $
thnx
dq
We were at the Journey concert last night.  I  never knew my wife was such a big fan.
Kevin
I jsut left a msg for Kay , we might go out Friday to Sunday 
when are you going for the tent 
She is going through her annual Kevin needs to make more money so I can stay
at home feelings.  Other then that, everything is good.
We are leaving Saturday the 17th and returning on the 20th via Continental.
It is still cheap to buy now.  I think we are on flight 1097 going and 579
for the return.  We are staying at the Monte Carlo again.  160 for the first
night, then 89, then 59 or something like that.   www.monte-carlo.com
We are going shopping Sunday for our tent.
Later,
Kevin
 that is great , how are the two of you doing these days with her back to
 work and life moving forward ?