yes
All 
Please confirm you received the folders for the phone screens I gave to your assistants yesterday afternoon 
Please feel free to call me with any questions!
Kind 
Adrianne
x57302
Guys,
You have been selected to complete the telephone screening of external candidates for second and final round.  Each  candidate will be screened by two traders to ensure agreement on quality of candidates.   (these resumes have already been selected from c. 200 resumes by some of the ENA Traders 
As in the previous Trading Track recruiting event, you will be given a few days to complete this.  The candidates will be expecting your call, there is no set interview time therefore allowing you flexibility to call in the evening from home if necessary.   Resumes, telephone numbers etc will reach your desk tomorrow morning.   All phone screens to be completed by Tuesday pm: 16th October.
Any questions please call myself or Adrianne Engler.
Thanks,
Karen.
x54667
what is our flight schedule for monday?
any substance to their argument or just their beliefs.
Thinks pwr suppliers in Calif shud be worried abt getting paid the long term contracts rates
The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half.  The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94.  It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade.  Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas.
Pira's
forecast		Nymex 
Cal 2 	2.45		2.99
Cal 3	3.00		3.31	
Cal 4	3.70		3.40
Cal 5	4.00		3.48
Cal 6	4.10		3.57
Cal 7	4.20		3.66
Cal 8	4.30		3.75
Cal 9	3.60		3.84		(TransAlaska Highway Pipeline)
Cal 10	3.80		3.93
3-10	3.84		3.59
Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts, the rest of the market does listen.  They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge.  The flow, which has been buyers over for the way backs, I think will get more pronounced, especially if the front goes down 
In the past week, I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10.  I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5.  The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production.  He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges.  I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road.  If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months, I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer 
which way?
For your radar screen, I'm hearing that New Power Company may want to hedge out exposure today.  I'm unclear if it will be NYMEX, options or pipe options (T'CO) 
Details are sketchy, once I know I'll pass it on
Frank
The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half.  The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94.  It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade.  Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas.
Pira's
forecast		Nymex 
Cal 2 	2.45		2.99
Cal 3	3.00		3.31	
Cal 4	3.70		3.40
Cal 5	4.00		3.48
Cal 6	4.10		3.57
Cal 7	4.20		3.66
Cal 8	4.30		3.75
Cal 9	3.60		3.84		(TransAlaska Highway Pipeline)
Cal 10	3.80		3.93
3-10	3.84		3.59
Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts, the rest of the market does listen.  They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge.  The flow, which has been buyers over for the way backs, I think will get more pronounced, especially if the front goes down 
In the past week, I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10.  I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5.  The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production.  He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges.  I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road.  If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months, I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer 
[Arnold, John]  We're working out today at 4:30 
i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price regime to pick up more demand quickly 
what do you think this week and next 3 weeks-----june expiry 4.20?
my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15
arnold	
May-01	455	
Jun-01	395	
Jul-01	370	
Aug-01	350	
Sep-01	350	
Oct-01	360	
Nov-01	360	
Dec-01	325	
Jan-02	280	
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759
I hated it
1.  I'm going to see T Boone Tuesday
2.  Fine me for Var for Friday.  I promise I'll buy on Monday 
How about 7:00
See you wednesday at Sambuca.  What time?  Randy Aucoin will be joining
us.  Really look forward to seeing you.
Bob
Joey:
Can you round the price of following EOL deals from 10/9 with Cargill to four decimals while keeping the spread price the same:
1985332
1985333  
Thx,
John
no clue.  not a movie buff.
Name the movie. 
5-3-2
+255 - 120 = 135 your way
i owe you 120 - wow
all 150
balt -1
tb +3
chic/ariz over 39.5
car +5
giants +11 
sd +3
sf -3
miami -3
seattle +6.5
oak +3.5
What money?  I don't know what you're talking about
loser. it's 'better off dead' with John Cusack - popular when we were kids. unfortunately you were a dork and didn't play with the other kids your age, so you missed it. great line but means nothing if you haven't seen the movie.
can i come collect my $ from you today? i owe it to the box (it's a long story, i'll tell you later.) MSA
no clue.  not a movie buff.
Name the movie. 
I'll get it at lunch.
ha!ha! aren't you funny. looking.
What money?  I don't know what you're talking about
loser. it's 'better off dead' with John Cusack - popular when we were kids. unfortunately you were a dork and didn't play with the other kids your age, so you missed it. great line but means nothing if you haven't seen the movie.
can i come collect my $ from you today? i owe it to the box (it's a long story, i'll tell you later.) MSA
no clue.  not a movie buff.
Name the movie. 
damn, thought you forgot
plus 50 for the minni bet 185
5-3-2
+255 - 120 = 135 your way
i owe you 120 - wow
all 150
balt -1
tb +3
chic/ariz over 39.5
car +5
giants +11 
sd +3
sf -3
miami -3
seattle +6.5
oak +3.5
exactly
John,
I've spoken with Mark and I have received his resume.  Before I bring him in I just wanted to confirm that he is to interview with Crude and Products originators as well as one trader.  Please advise.
Thanks,
Johnny
none
I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Please respond promptly.
Thanks =20
John
you got robbed 
-35
current 185
200 over 37 dallas/wash
it's the one thing that could really hit the market.  There are a lot of gas hedges on against those trades.  If they are torn up, a lot of gas in the back gets sold off hard.  Plus, The dynegys of the world lose $1 on their hedges 
beliefs
any substance to their argument or just their beliefs.
Thinks pwr suppliers in Calif shud be worried abt getting paid the long term contracts rates
tom o'grady - aquilla - 861-527-1564
me, me, me....you girls are all the same
hey stupid-it is almost yr-end.  please do your mid-year reviews or i'm never going to squeeze limes for you again.
i can't believe i've been reduced to pathetic begging and empty threats.  you're killing me.
do you have any time today around 5?
John, I dropped by yesterday and it looked like your meeting went over.  I can drop by after market today or monday.
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@
Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss?
Darren:
I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account.  The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund.  He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor.  He is also willing to post via LC or wire.  I gave him your number.  I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application.
Thanks,
John
stg adjusted means factoring in cost of carry and taxes
stg curve looks more realistic in market areas when you add basis on.
john- thank you.. what do you mean by storage adjusted prices?  and also comment on non-discretionary stg at peak times.. why in producing region? 
Thanks.
Surprised your shorts are still so confident.  Trade shorts are quickly losing confidence based upon cash, shape of curve, and momentum.  I think curve flattens a little more and then comes down in parallel shift down.
1.  jan and feb are highest storage adjusted prices on curve.  For market area sales, add on basis and dec and march are next.  Question is whether there is enough non-discretionary stg to meet load at other times and in the producing region.  A lot of stg has to come out either for tariff or engineering reasons.  Million dollar question 2.  Think Nov bidweek will be weak.  Don't know who baseload buyers are unless trade gets bullish.  Nov is a relatively flat month as far as injections.  stg operators dont have room to buy baseload gas and I think utilities will be planning to meet load using stg.  At current prices, producers apply more pressure to wells, lng doesnt get diverted again, lose some load to resid, lose any momentum of industrial load coming back.  Dont think gas market can handle that 3.  No clue.
awesome call on cash.. it does not get any better than that.. you picked the bottom-  i am getting it slowly.. lots of calls today from people i do not speak to every day.. not too much panic from guys who are short.. most looking to put more on.. selling dec01 outright or buying gas daily puts on dec and jan... except pulaski  who pared down dec01 short with us from 4000 to 1000.. do not think he's got on alot elsewhere.  no one has anything on longer dated.. no one can figure out economy  
questions:
1. why would any of the discretionary storage operators withdraw gas in the winter based on the current curve?
2. where do you think index gets set this month? i am thinking that utilities will overestimate loads for Nov01 and buy more during bidweek.. index gets set high and depending on Nov weather.. it could come back onto the market weakening cash again..
3. do you have a view on eastern power for the winter? i do not understand the market drivers in the winter.
thanks very much,
c 
Tell him I'm free to meet Oct 19, 2085 at 2:00 AM.  See if that's ok with him.
John,
This guy has been trying to get in touch with you the last few days and I have been intercepting his calls.  I told him to email me the correspondance and I would make sure you received it.  Is this anything that would be of interest to you?
-Ina
Dear Ina,
Please forward the following to John Armold:
John, my name is Mark Sullivan with PROS Revenue Management and we are the
world's leader in revenue management technology for the airline and energy
industries, among others.  On Monday, November 5, in Houston we will be
holding an Energy Profit Optimization Workshop which will demonstrate how
you can use revenue optimization technology to increase your revenues by
10-25% in EACH of your Trading, Transportation and Storage operations while
also reducing your operating costs.  This workshop has proven to be a
significant career enhancing event for people in the energy field,
particularly at the Senior Trader level, and I strongly encourage you to
attend.  I would be happy to tell you more about it if you would call me
back at 713-335-5812 or you can visit our website at www.prosrm.com which
provides more information, directions and free registration.
,
Mark
Mark F. Sullivan
Director Business Development
PROS Revenue Management, Inc.
email:  msullivan@prosrm.com
Ph:  (713) 335-5812, Fax:  (713) 335-8144
I referred him to Lavorato
Shuttlesworth just called me again regarding Enron's feelings to a PIRA gas storage survey.  I gave him your number and told him to call you directly.
Eric
Liz:
Just wanted to thank you for the astros playoff tix.  Thanks for thinking of me.  Maybe you'll invite me up to see your new digs before the move John
your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this level though 
This guy is working on an EOL project for me right now.  Can you send him a file with our EOL trades for today or yesterday with product, price, buy/sell, and timestamp but counterparty names deleted
John, just a reminder, please send a sample gapping data when you get a chance.
Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@
3:00 up here
John,
Please let me know what time to come up this afternoon.  Thanks-Jeb x-5-3609
I want to have a group mtg from 4:00-5:00 today to discuss some of the enron issues and then vol if we have a chance.
so how'd it go in NY?
Just wanted to thank you for the gift basket.  I usually don't like them because they have crappy wine, but that was actually a really good bottle.  Sat out on my patio last night drinkning wine and eating cheese and fruit.  Thanks.
3-5
DENVER -3
ARIZ +2.5
MINN +3.5
PHILI +9 UNDER 41.5 TEASE
ALL 150
Louise has no problem as long as approved by legal and credit
John-
Have you had the chance to speak to Louise about individuals trading on EOL?
Darren:
I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account.  The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund.  He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor.  He is also willing to post via LC or wire.  I gave him your number.  I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application.
Thanks,
John
Since I have no idea what you're talking about, I guess I was a little drunk 
Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.
Sandra
can you buy 10,000,000 more please
I just bought ENE at 20.20. I think its called "opportunity".
do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at?
only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market 
call chris gaskill to get the password 
sign me up for the gas message board
Daniel:
Can you include me in the nymex nat gas advisory panel meeting today?
John Arnold
Enron
Just a followup to our phone call earlier this morning.   Have begun to see short-term intraday topping patterns.   Natural has reached its mid-range of price objectives.  See no rationale  for holding significant length here.  Winter months seem especially high  and most vulnerable to correction.  The first hour's negative close  produced a sell signal against today's high.  Still too early to ascertain  if this is the end of entire up move.  Have targets into early next week,  but mkt. has reached where it needed to.
I had yes to Zaun and no to the others
Good Morning John  
Below is the result of Harry Aurora's conversations with the candidates  
Please respond if you agree/disagree or other comments  
Michael Scarlata - MAYBE
Donald Timpanaro - NO
Jeffrey Zaun - YES
Thank you, 
Adrianne
x57302
schweiger's been preparing for that mtg since wednesday.  how do you think lay/whalley did?
I wanted to see how they would handle themselves - glad i did.  I guess Schweig did all the yelling for everyone 
do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at?
spinnaker, one of fred's customer's , unwound a hedge today because they dont want exposure to us.
not mad at you 
Jon, can't say it on the desk in front of  Matt.  I had nothing to do with that trade.  I cover your line so I  had to make the call.  I am not out here taking garbage about Enron or  anything like that.  That's why I called Brian in London to call you.   Please beleive me.  That was arranged between them.  I work neither  Phibro or EKoch.
Andy Colman   (Spectron)
Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative
Bloomberg, 10/25/01
STOCKWATCH Enron higher after dismissing CFO Fastow
AFX News, 10/25/01
DJ Concerned Energy Cos Make Few Changes In Enron Dealings
2001-10-25 14:13 (New York)
Calif Guarantees Allow Williams To Book Power Revenues
Dow Jones Energy Service, 10/25/01
Stocks Expected to Open Lower, Hurt By Weak Economic News
Dow Jones Business News, 10/25/01
Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased E
Bloomberg, 10/25/01
Enron CNBC: Squawk Box, 
10/25/01
Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative
2001-10-25 13:49 (New York)
Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative
Fitch-NY-October 25, 2001: Fitch places the following Enron
securities on Rating Watch Negative: senior unsecured debt
`BBB+'; subordinated debt `BBB'; preferred stock `BBB and commercial paper `F2'. Pipeline subsidiary `A-` rated
senior unsecured debt at Northern Natural Gas Co. and
Transwestern Pipeline Co., are also placed on Rating Watch
Negative.
The rating action primarily relates to the negative capital
market reaction to recent disclosures by the company. The
loss of investor and counterparty confidence, if it
continues, would impair Enron's financial flexibility and
access to capital markets, therefore, impacting its ability
to conduct its business. On Oct. 16, 2001, Enron announced
a $1 billion after-tax charge to earnings to be taken in
the third quarter of 2001 and a reduction of balance sheet
equity by $1.2 billion relating to the unwinding of
structured transactions. Since that time, there have been
several damaging news reports on the company and its
management. More importantly, investors have voiced
concerns. Enron's common stock price has plummeted and
spreads on its debt have widened.
The company has attempted to quell rumors and has publicly
stated that it has adequate liquidity to conduct its
business. Approximately $1.5 billion of unused liquidity is
available under committed bank lines.
An additional concern is that certain structured
transactions of the company including Marlin Water Trust II
and Osprey could unwind. While various sources of repayment
exist, such as the sale or liquidation of underlying
assets, or an equity offering, primary credit support is
derived from the Enron obligation to remarket mandatorily
convertible preferred stock if an amount sufficient to
repay the notes has not been deposited with the trustee 120
days prior to the maturity date or upon a note trigger
event. In the event that the issuance of the preferred
stock yields less than the amount required to redeem the
senior notes in either case, Enron is required to deliver
additional shares. If Enron cannot or does not deliver on
its obligation, then the amount of the deficiency becomes a
payment obligation of Enron, representing a general
unsecured claim. While trigger events include a downgrade
of Enron's senior unsecured debt below investment grade by
one of the major rating agencies in conjunction with
specified declines in Enron's closing stock price over
three consecutive trading days, Enron would have a
forebearance period of 60 days as long as an attempt was
being made to register the shares. The total amount of
Marlin and Osprey debt is approximately $3.2 billion. Enron
has not verified that the underlying assets have adequate
market value to fully pay down the associated debt.
While capital market uncertainties have escalated, Fitch
has no information to indicate that there are any
fundamental problems with Enron's core wholesale, retail,
and pipeline businesses. Fitch expects to be in contact
with the company on a continuing basis to both monitor
ongoing events and address strategic, longer-term issues.
STOCKWATCH Enron higher after dismissing CFO Fastow
10/25/2001
AFX News
(c) 2001 by AFP-Extel News Ltd
NEW YORK (AFX) - Share of Enron were higher in opening trade, after the company dismissed its chief financial officer, Andrew Fastow, due to his past involvement in running two partnerships, in which Enron had invested, dealers said. 
At 9.56 am, Enron was up 1.13 usd, or 6.95 pct, at 17.55. The DJIA was down 138.60 points at 9,207.52, the S&P 500 index was down 15.95 pts at 1,069.00 and the Nasdaq composite down 39.02 at 1,692.52.
Enron said it named Jeff McMahon CFO to replace Fastow, after announcing Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission is looking into the Fastow-related transactions. 
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," said chief executive Kenneth Lay in a statement. 
Enron shares have fallen sharply in recent days on concerns over financial transactions made with the two partnerships, LJM Cayman LP and LJM2 Co-Investment LP, which analysts said could affect future earnings and which have prompted class action suits against the company. 
McMahon, who had been serving as chairman and CEO of Enron's Industrial Markets group, had quit his job as treasurer last year, after voicing concerns within the company about Fastow's role in running the two partnerships, according to the Wall Street Journal. 
This morning, Salomon Smith Barney analyst Raymond Niles downgraded Enron to "buy- speculative," from "buy-high risk", to reflect his concerns that "lingering uncertainty over financial practices may begin to impair Enron's commercial operations "This is the least likely outcome, in our view, but one whose likelihood has increased over the last week as questions continue to be asked," he said. 
ng/lj For more information and to contact AFX: www.afxnews.com and www.afxpress.com
=DJ Concerned Energy Cos Make Few Changes In Enron Dealings
2001-10-25 14:13 (New York)
By Mark Golden, Kristen McNamara, Jon Kamp and John Edmiston 
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Energy trading companies have concerns about the credit
quality of troubled Enron Corp. (ENE), but they have made almost no changes in
policies concerning the top trader of North American power and gas, the
companies said Thursday. 
The concerns have arisen because Enron, which accounts for about a quarter of
the trade in the country's power and gas markets, has seen its share price fall
by a third this week due to uncertainties about its extremely complex financial
structure. 
Moody's has put Enron's credit on watch for possible downgrade, and some of
the company's debt is trading like junk bonds in the secondary market this
week. 
"We have made no changes to our credit policy concerning Enron," said John
Sousa, chief spokesmann for Dynegy Inc. (DYN). "It's business as usual 
Williams Cos. (WMB) spokesman Jim Gipson said that his company, too, has made
no changes and has no concerns about Enron's credit. Another Top 10 power and
gas trading company, Aquila (ILA), has also left Enron credit unchanged. 
Other companies expressed concern, though they've taken little if any action.
"Like everyone else in the marketplace, we're proceeding with caution," said
Lora Kinner, director of credit for Tractebel Energy Marketing, the North
American subsidiary of the Belgian company Tractebel S.A. 
Kinner said the company is just looking for more information and doesn't
expect to make any drastic changes. 
Calif Guarantees Allow Williams To Book Power Revenues
By Andrew Dowell
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
10/25/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Clarifications by California as to what electricity transactions the state will back enabled Williams Cos. (WMB) to book $180 million in power sales from the previous period as third-quarter revenues, the company said Thursday. 
The revenues came from power Williams sold through the California Independent System Operator, which runs the state's wholesale power market and clears and settles transactions.
The state of California has paid more than $11 billion for power bought directly from suppliers, but has yet to pay for any ISO power since it took over the job of buying power for the state's ailing utilities in mid-January. Two weeks ago, however, the state made clear for the first time which ISO transactions it would back. 
"It's that fact that has allowed us for the first time to recognize dollars from sales to the California ISO," Williams Chief Operating Officer Steven Malcolm said on a conference call Wednesday. 
Williams reported third-quarter net income of $221.3 million on revenues of $2.81 billion, up from $121.1 million on revenues of $2.33 billion in the same period the year before. 
Williams is now in talks with California to secure payment for its ISO sales. The process is complicated by the state's role as guarantor of transactions undertaken on behalf of the utilities, which aren't creditworthy enough to buy power for themselves. The ISO didn't envision third-party guarantors when it set up its settlement process, and state accounting rules require more detailed bills than those sent out by the ISO each month, state power officials have said. 
The state says it has set aside $1.2 billion to cover ISO transactions. 
As reported, suppliers including Williams had charged the state with deliberately muddling the repayment issue to keep power flowing for free. 
Willing To Renegotiate 
Separately, Williams' officers also said the company was willing to discuss reworking its long-term contracts with California, provided the result benefited both parties. 
California Gov. Gray Davis is under heavy fire for having locked the state into contracts running as long as 20 years at prices negotiated at the peak of a market that has since collapsed. 
Both sides could potentially benefit from changes to the length of the term of the contracts or the specifics of power-supply obligations - perhaps freeing up supply that Williams thinks it could get more money for on the spot market, Malcolm said. 
"We're always willing to sit down with a customer," Malcolm said. 
Williams hasn't been approached by the state to renegotiate the contracts, Malcolm said. 
Any attempt by California to force through one-sided changes is unlikely and could backfire for the state by disrupting plans for new power plants, he said. 
"To the extent contracts are changed, financing is going to go away," he said. 
Downplaying Enron Opportunities 
Williams downplayed its ability to capitalize on the recent troubles of market-leader Enron Corp. (ENE), saying it focuses on large, long-term structured deals, not the high-volume, physical-market transactions that Enron dominates, Malcolm said. 
Also, TradeSpark - the Internet-based energy exchange in which Williams is a partner - is limited for now in its ability to expand and take volume from Enron's proprietary system EnronOnline because of the horrific losses operator Cantor Fitzgerald (X.CFZ) suffered in the attacks on the World Trade Center. 
"That's interrupted the rapid growth we were seeing," Williams Chief Executive Keith Bailey said on the call. 
Enron, which accounts for about a quarter of the trade in the country's power and gas markets and which makes a market for those commodities on EnronOnline, has seen its share price fall by a third this week due to uncertainties about its extremely complex financial structure. 
Those concerns have raised questions about the business model of EnronOnline, a platform on which Enron is the counterparty in all trades. Those concerns could eventually boost volume on neutral exchanges like TradeSpark. 
"We continue to believe in the neutral platform that TradeSpark offers," Malcolm said. 
TradeSpark LP was formed by eSpeed Inc. (ESPD), Cantor Fitzgerald (X.CFZ), Shell (RD) unit Coral Energy, Dominion (D), Koch Energy Trading Inc., TXU Corp.'s (TXU) TXU Energy unit and Williams Cos.' Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. 
-By Andrew Dowell, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4430; andrew.dowell@dowjones.com
Stocks Expected to Open Lower, Hurt By Weak Economic News
10/25/2001
Dow Jones Business News
A Wall Street Journal Online News Roundup 
Stocks are expected to open with losses Thursday, weighed down by disappointing U.S. economic news and the European Central Bank's decision to leave interest rates unchanged.
About an hour before the New York Stock Exchange opened, futures on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index were sharply lower, suggesting that the Dow Jones Industrial Average will post a 94-point loss at the opening bell. 
In one of a trio of negative economic reports, the Commerce Department said orders for durable goods, or products expected to last more than three years, tumbled 8.5% in September. That was a much steeper drop than the 0.9% decline forecast by economists surveyed by Thomson Global Markets. 
Meanwhile, the Labor Department reported that the number of Americans filing new claims for state unemployment insurance rose to 504,000 for the week ended Oct. 20. That was more than the 500,000 jobless claims expected by economists. 
The Labor Department also said that the employment-cost index rose 1% in the third quarter, slightly more than expected. The indicator measures changes in compensation costs, including wages and salaries, as well as costs for employee benefits. 
Later, at 10 a.m. EDT, the National Association of Realtors is expected to say that 5.26 million existing homes were sold last month, down from the 5.5 million sold in August. 
Prior to release of the economic news, S&P futures had pointed to a weaker opening on Wall Street, after the ECB left rates alone despite growing political pressure for another rate cut to help the stumbling European economy. 
In addition to pouring over Thursday's economic reports, investors will spend much of the session sorting through a mountain of earnings reports, said Peter Cardillo, director of research at Westfalia Investments. 
Among companies that announced quarterly earnings so far, Dow Chemical said third-quarter net income plunged 84%, hurt by weak demand, substantial price declines and a slew of charges mostly related to acquisition expenses and restructuring at Dow Corning. 
Among other stocks to watch, Enron on Wednesday replaced its finance chief, Andrew Fastow, capping a tumultuous day in which the Houston powerhouse saw its stock price continue to fall sharply. 
States suing Microsoft are hiring one of the nation's top trial lawyers, signaling they may seek a harsher antitrust remedy than the White House. Meanwhile, the software giant's Windows XP formally makes its debut Thursday. 
In key overseas markets, stocks were mixed. London's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index was down 1.2% in intraday trading, while Frankfurt's DAX was 0.9% lower. Earlier in the day, Japan's Nikkei 225 average closed with a gain of 0.7%, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose 0.2 In Wednesday's session, Wall Street continued to shrug off disappointing earnings news, and focused instead on hopes that low interest rates and the government's economic-stimulus program will produce a recovery. 
Technology issues saw much of the buying, with the Nasdaq Composite Index rising 27.10 points, or 1.6%, to 1731.54. The Dow industrials inched 5.54 points, or 0.1%, higher to close at 9345.62, despite substantial losses in two of its components, Eastman Kodak and AT&T, which issued weak outlooks. 
In major U.S. market action Wednesday: 
Major stock indexes advanced. But on the Big Board, where 1.34 billion shares traded, 1,374 stocks rose and 1,743 fell. On the Nasdaq, 1.89 billion shares changed hands. 
Bonds gained. The 10-year Treasury note rose 13/32, or $4.0625 for each $1,000 invested. The yield, which moves inversely to price, fell to 4.588%. The 30-year bond was up 23/32 to yield 5.330%. Early Thursday, the 10-year note was up 10/32 to yield 4.553% while the long bond was 17/32 higher, yielding 5.303 The dollar was mixed. Late in New York, it traded at 122.87 yen, up from 122.68, while the euro rose against the dollar to 89.35 U.S. cents from 89.07. Early Thursday in New York, the dollar bought 123.17 yen and traded at 88.27 cents to the euro. 
All Rights Reserved.
Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased E
2001-10-25 12:07 (New York)
Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased Enron
Corp. Common Stock
NEW YORK, NY -- (INTERNET WIRE) -- 10/25/01 -- Kaplan Fox
(kaplanfox.com) has filed a class action against Enron Corp. and
certain of the Company's officers and directors in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Texas.  The suit is
brought on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common
stock of Enron Corporation ("Enron") (NYSE: ENE) between January 18,
2000 and October 17, 2001, inclusive (the "Class Period 
The complaint charges Enron Corp. and certain of its officers and
directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants
engaged in asset and securities sales to closely related affiliates
and interested parties, which disguised Enron's true financial
position.  Many of the details of these transactions were hidden from
the public.  Defendants used these asset sales to falsely improve
Enron's balance sheet, thereby maintaining Enron shares at an
artificially inflated price.  Certain Enron executives, who held
positions in the affiliates that presented clear conflicts of
interest, reaped millions of dollars in personal gains from these
transactions.
The complaint further alleges that during the Class Period, Defendants
made misleading statements regarding the potential value of Enron's
Broadband business, in order to artificially boost Enron's share
price.  With knowledge that Enron's Broadband business would never
post a profit and was seriously overvalued, Defendants continued to
make misleading statements about the Broadband business in order to
maintain the share price at its artificially inflated levels.
Defendants used the artificially inflated value of Enron's Broadband
business to hedge against, in order to gain millions of dollars in
financing.  Defendants failed to disclose the risk of these financing
arrangements.  Defendants hid the true nature of Enron's earnings,
its hedging, its businesses, and the correct state of Enron's
finances from its investors and the market, further artificially
inflating Enron's share price.  While the stock was artificially
inflated for the above reasons, Enron executives engaged in extensive
insider trading, gaining personal proceeds of approximately $482
million during the Class Period, before the public became aware of
the above practices.
Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of the Class and is
represented by Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP.  Our firm, with offices
in New York, San Francisco, Chicago and New Jersey has many years of
experience in prosecuting investor class actions and actions
involving financial fraud. For more information about Kaplan Fox &
Kilsheimer LLP, you may visit our website at www.kaplanfox.com
If you are a member of the Class, you may move the court no later than
December 21, 2001 to serve as a lead plaintiff for the Class.    In
order to serve as a lead plaintiff, you must meet certain legal
requirements.
If you have any questions about this Notice, the action, your rights,
or your interests, please e-mail us at mail@kaplanfox.com or contact:
Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP - 805 Third Avenue,  22nd Floor - New York,
NY 10022
Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP - 100 Pine Street, 26th Floor - San
Francisco, CA 94111
Contact: Frederic S. Fox, Esq., Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP
Phone: 800-290-1952
Fax: 212-687-7714
Email: mail@kaplanfox.com
Date      October 25, 2001
Time      07:00 AM - 08:00 AM
Station   CNBC
Location  Network
Program   The Squawk Box
Mark Haines, co-anchor:
Joe Kernen, what's going on?
Joe Kernen, co-anchor:
We've got to shift gears into this Enron situation which
has just been--you've been talking about it quite a bit,
David--how could you not talk about it?  Seventy-six
million shares yesterday, down fifty percent in the last
two weeks.  This is a company with--what?--a hundred
million in revenues.
James Cramer, guest market commentator:
Maybe.
Kernen:  Yeah, right.  Anyone who does any trading in
energy apparently, you know, uses Enron Online, so anything
that destabilizes Enron to a great extent could destabilize
the whole energy trading arena and 
Cramer:  Go ahead, say it!  Say what you're thinking!  No
one has said it yet.  We know the truth.  We believe that
Enron caused a national short squeeze.  They knew every
single number in this gas situation.  They wrecked the
California utility system and profited from it.  That's my
bet.  My bet that this--they had--look, they were the
market maker.  Imagine if Instinet knew what you were going
to be buying and took it ahead of you.  I think they
cornered the market for electricity for about four months,
made a huge fortune and now the company is unraveling and
when someone--when the Justice Department gets in there
we're going to discover this.
Kernen:  Let's see what happened 
Haines:  Now, wait a second 
David Faber, co-anchor:
Whoa, whoa, whoa!  The Justice Department, Jim?  Now, is
that new?  Is that something--
Cramer:  No, that would be, if I were a prosecutor,
something 
Faber:  OK, so they are not being investigated?
Cramer:  Well, no, I'm actually being a little forward
thinking.
Kernen:  The SEC wants documents about the limited
partnership transactions of Mr 
Faber:  Which is very different from what Jim is talking
about.
Cramer:  No, I'm saying that this is what, if I were an
enterprising prosecutor, I would say, Did we have a
nationwide short squeeze in electricity caused by one
company that had access to all the screens and knew exactly
what was happening with the electricity market which then
wrecked the California utility system, cost the consumer
billions of dollars, and is now being hushed up?
Kernen:  Well, let's talk about the actual news.  Here's
yesterday's trading--
Haines:  Wait a minute.
Kernen:  Well, I just want to say that the guy is gone now.
That's the new news here.  Did you read--did you know that
Fastow, after four--
Faber:  Late yesterday.
Kernen:  Yeah, after four o'clock, Fastow is gone.  What's
interesting--
Faber:  He's the CFO--
Kernen:  But he's a new CFO.
Faber:  --who benefitted personally from some of these
off balance sheet partnerships.
Cramer:  Mark, you know, I'm not on thin ice here, I'm not
on thin ice.
Haines:  I just want to make sure we understand that this
is your theory.
Cramer:  This is my theory.
Haines:  OK.
Cramer:  It is just a theory.  It is my opinion.  But I
think we've got to find out more about that short squeeze
that occurred.
Haines:  OK.
Cramer:  We need to find out whether it was orchestrated.
Kernen:  The new CFO might help regain some credibility for
the company because he was the old treasurer who left that
position a year or so ago because of some disagreements
with how Mr. Fastow was doing business apparently.  So now
he's back as CFO and we'll whether that calms the market
down.
Faber:  Well, what they need to do-- Joe, they need to come
clean.  I mean, that is what all the investors in Enron and
those who've left the company as investors over this last
week have wanted.  Let's see everything; be as transparent
as you possibly can be; tell us exactly what we need to
know.  And as much as they need to come clean with their
investors, they need to come clean with their trading
counterparties because that is really what people are
concerned about.
Kernen:  Why is the credit worthiness issue such a big
deal?  Anyone who does trading with them, if their credit
worthiness were to go--if their credit rating were to go
down, how would that affect energy trading?
Faber:  Well, you want to know that they're going to be
there on the other side and make good on the trades.
Kernen:  I guess you would, wouldn't you?
Faber:  Right.  Not that they aren't, but why would you--if
you can trade with seven other guys--seven other companies,
maybe you cut back a little bit on your exposure there.
Kernen:  Now, why would--
Faber:  And that would hurt their core business.
Kernen:  Why are people expecting some type of action from
the credit agencies, not because of the stock price, right?
Because of something that could unravel--
Faber:  Because of something related to these liabilities
they may have--
Kernen:  That they don't know about at this point.
Faber:  --that they may have with regard to funding some of
these off balance sheet partnerships that they backstopped
in terms of borrowing that went on at the project level at
the off balance sheet partnership.  Will it be a liability?
They don't know.  But that's one of the reasons--
Kernen:  We're talking hundreds of millions or billions?
Faber:  They don't know.
Kernen:  But there were billions of dollars in limited
partners?
Faber:  Yes.  About three billion in financing, I think is
what some analysts estimated.
Kernen:  This is a pretty big number.
Faber:  Yeah, they can get to most of that with the assets
that they have in the partnerships themselves.
Kernen:  I use a six month chart to show what's happened
over the last two weeks.  You got to look at here.  But if
we went back a year, you'd see eighty as far as the high
for Enron.  Now we're at sixteen.
Faber:  Everybody else took a hit yesterday.  Dynegy got
hurt.
Kernen:  Well, I got Dynegy next.  Don't--  Here we go.
Faber:  I'm sorry.  I'm getting a little excited.
Kernen:  You are.
Faber:  Enthusiastic about your charts.
Kernen:  There's a weekly chart of Dynegy, and you know
what's coming next, don't you?  Now I'm worried about the
utility average.  I've worried about the transportation
average a lot in my career.  Mark, now the utilities have
replaced my worries.  I'm angst-ridden.  Did you see this
chart?  We're breaking below the--
Cramer:  That's a positive, not a negative, Joe.
Kernen:  What's wrong with Cramer today?  What happened?
Cramer:  I'm all fired up!
Faber:  He really is.  My, God, he's got the DOJ getting
all crazy, the FBI, the CIA.  You going down to En--you
going down to Houston yourself?
Cramer:  I may just have to.  I may have to clean up that
whole city.
Kernen:  Jim, why would the--that's the--now getting down
to the lows, I mean, the other averages have come back
quite a bit from the post-attack lows, the utilities are
retesting those.  That's not something to worry about?
Cramer:  No, because I think there's a lot of money going
into more cyclical issues.  I think the economy is showing
signs of getting better.  The consumer is certainly much
stronger than we thought.  The base book didn't say the
corporate was strong, but the consumer is strong.  Much
stronger than before.
Kernen:  All right.  In the past people have worried about
the utility averages being a leading indicator, though.  I
don't--we're talking about four hundred to two-ninety at
this point.  That's a long way.
Cramer:  This average has got a lot of problems to it, but
I still think that--
Kernen:  It's no longer the--
Cramer:  --you sell this as safety.  We don't want safety
as much as we want a little bit more reciprocality.
I''ll be drinking either at front porch or little woodrows
Veronica:
Deutsche Bank asked me to ask you to call their maintenance margin person, John Jones, at 212 469 6773.  I think they are trying to margin us John
can you arrange a mtg between the desk heads as soon after 1:30 as possible.
will   (most probably)
My floor looks good - now i just have to paint.  Have fun in San Antonio.  Monday morning?
i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i
Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.
I am sorry you lost the trade but this is not a matter that should be worked in the broker market nor should anybody be looking to profit off the situation. It is being handled directly to ensure the integity and liquidity in the market that is beneficial to all   
that kid is hilarious.  Do you know what his last name is?
I'm gonna GETCHA
There will be a desk head mtg tomorrow, Sunday, at 3:00 on the 33rd floor per Lavorato to discuss positions and strategy.  Please confirm via email.  My cell # is 713 557 3330 if there are any problems 
cancel?
All
A reminder that you are scheduled to interview for the Trading Track Thursday,  November 1st, from 2.00 pm onwards.   Resumes and schedules will be forwarded to you shortly.
,
Karen Buckley
Savita:
I'm going to need an additional report daily for the next couple weeks: for the top 50 counterparties a summary of total EOL volumes and phys gas volumes for average of rolling 30 days, average of rolling 5 days, and previous day with volume differentials in percent relative to 30 day average.  For instance :
TOTAL VOLUMES	
Previous day		5 day			30 day
Aquilla		240  	-20%		330	+10%		300
El Paso		275 	+10%		200	-20%		250
US GAS PHYS FWD FIRM <= 1 MONTH
BUY							SELL
Previous day		5 day			30 day		Previous day		5 day			30 day
Aquilla		24  	-20%		33	+10%		30		16  	-20%		24	+20%		20	
El Paso		30 	+20%		20	-20%		25		5 	-50%		10	0		10
Please advise how quickly you can put this together.
I went already lazy
Did you go this morning?  If not, do you want to go after work?
give her my email.
when are we leaving?
Kelly Busch (from Energy Argus) asked for your contact info.  Is it OK to
give it to her?  Email and/or cell?
The information contained in this communication is confidential and
proprietary information intended only for the individual or entity to whom
it is addressed.  Any unauthorized use, distribution, copying, or disclosure
of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please contact the sender immediately.  If you
believe this communication is inappropriate or offensive, please contact
Ocean Energy`s Human Resources Department.
Bo:
I may need to post some EFS after the close today.  Can you get that process approved?
(See attached file: Delta11-27.xls)
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
- Delta11-27.xls 
i'm gonna try
Are you going to hang out with me and Camille tonight?
yea
nevermind.  are you at work?
huh?
Please respond to  
No english?  i got the math.
probability payout    1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25
Please respond to  
which game is that?
Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8                    = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25                    = infinity
Please respond to  
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
Hey Adam:
sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@.  keep in touch,
john
Hi John,
I hope your gas markets are moving nicely this week.  Its
been a long time since we talked, but a lot has happened.
But the most important thing has been my decision to join
Enron. At this point, I am looking around for a rotation,
and I have received a lot of advice pointing me towards
Gas/Power Structuring and RAC rotations.  I am wondering if
you know some people in these areas who might be looking
for analysts.  I have heard that traders work closely with
the structured finance and RAC guys, true?  If you have
time please let me know if you know of anything.
Thanks,
Adam Bayer
Please call me asap
(See attached file: NGDelta11-28.xls)
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
- NGDelta11-28.xls 
The Jan is confirmed.
The Cal 2 is not yet.
John,
Four trades to confirm.
Enron sells 625 F01 swaps @ 2.69 to Oneok
Enron buys 625 F01 swaps @ 2.69 from PGE
Enron sells 150/mo Cal02 swap 2.89 to BOA
Enron buys 150/mo Cal02 swap 2.89 from Calpine.
Thank you,
Brad.
Remember: Prebon party next Thurs.  Mercury room.
The main number at the exchange is
212-299-2000
John-
Jeff needs Bo Collins' contact info. at the NYMEX.
Thanks,
jennifer
Jennifer Burns
Executive Assistant to Jeff Shankman
Enron Global Markets, LLC
Although I love you, that's not appropriate for any 3 way sleeves.  EFS should be billed normally.
Along the lines of our conversation a few weeks back...we don't want to take advantage of the situation Enron is in.  By default you were billed on the sell side of each transaction.  If that is not appropriate please let me know and we will zero out the commission.
Yourlonely Brokers,
Frank & Rick
yea.  Give me your cell and home numbers.
John,
I am sure that you are incredibly busy at this time.  If you have a few minutes over the next few days I would like to speak with you briefly.  I live downtown so any time and place is fine.  Please let me know when there is a good time.
Sincerely,
Jeb
try to net woth bank of america the cal 4,5
- Enron open otc nymex swaps PGE.xls  
EFS Transaction
BNP Paribas wants to   
Cal02
Buy      20         May02  swaps
Buy      136       Jun02    swaps
Buy      143       jul02     swaps
Buy      145       aug02   swaps Buy      124       sep02   swaps Buy      131       oct02    swaps
Buy      89         nov02    swaps
Buy      94         dec02   swaps
Cal03
Sell       143       Jan03    swaps
Sell       35         feb03    swaps
Sell       142       mar03   swaps
Sell       44         apr03    swaps
Sell       44         may03  swaps
Sell       44         jun03    swaps
Sell       44         jul03     swaps
Sell       44         aug03   swaps Sell       44         sep03   swaps
Sell       44         oct03    swaps
Sell       99         nov03    swaps Sell       100       dec03  swaps
I have to do all of the cal2 and cal3 pieces or it's a no go...cantdo parts
Cal04
Sell       20         jan04    swaps
Sell       19         feb04    swaps Sell       20         mar04   swaps
The cal 04 stuff is good to go...no strings attached
BNP would do the opposite to the futures.
Thanks
find out who they deal with and I'll try to find a counterparty that has the other side
AND ONE MORE....GLOBAL NEEDS TO SELL 50/MTH APR-OCT 02 NG SWAPS.
THEY ARE WONDERING IF:
A) IF WE KNOW WHO WE ORIGINALLY OFFSET THEIR TRADES WITH- COULD
THEY CALL THEM DIRECT AND WE WILL "REASSIGN" THE TRADE. SO NO NE
T CHANGE TO YOUR CURRENT POSTION.
B) IF WE ARE GOING TO IMMEDIATELY OFFSET TODAYS TRADES WITH SOME
ONE, COULD THEY CONFERENCE ALL OF US TO AGREE ON A PRICE FOR THE
M TO TRADE WITH BOTH CPTYS.
C) IF THEIR TRADES TODAY NATURALLY HELP OUR BOOK, THEY WILL TRY
TO CALL SOMEONE TO TAKE THE OTHER SIDE AND THEY EAT BID/OFFER.
customers may buy options from us.
LIST OF  NG TRADES OUR CUSTYS WOULD LIKE TO DO TO UNWIND THEIR P
OSITONS WITH US:
GLOBAL
+ 500 NGH2  (PENULTIMATE SETTLE) SWAPS
+ 5/DAY TRANSCO Z6 JAN BASIS SWAPS
TUDOR
+ 100 JAN 3.40 CALLS
-50 NGF2 (LDS) SWAPS
+ 25 AUG 4.75 CALLS
- LET US KNOW IF ANY OF THESE CAN BE DONE TODAY, PLS.
TX     ROBYN 212 715 2388
this is my idea of vacation 
i can probably find an offset
SO YOU ARE WILLING TO SEARCH AROUND FOR THE OFFSET? OK - TALKING TO THEM..AND TH
IS IS FOR ALL GLOBAL TRADES? OR JUST THE NYMEX SWAPS?
call me when you want a live quote
OK TX
EFS TRANSACTION
ENRON            SELLS  102       JUN02   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON             SELLS  143       JUL02   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             SELLS  144       AUG02  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             SELLS  124       SEP02  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             SELLS  131       OCT02  LD        SWAPS            $3.230  
ENRON             SELLS  89         NOV02  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             SELLS  93         DEC02  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
COUNTERPARTY IS BNP PARIBAS...SMITH BARNEY
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES ON THE EFS   
ENRON             BUYS   143       JAN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.390
ENRON             BUYS   35         FEB03  LD        SWAPS            $3.320
ENRON             BUYS   142       MAR03LD        SWAPS            $3.225
ENRON            BUYS   44         APR03 LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   44         MAY03LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   44         JUN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON            BUYS   44         JUL03   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             BUYS   44         AUG03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   43         SEP03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   44         OCT03  LD        SWAPS            $3.230
ENRON             BUYS   99         NOV03  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             BUSY   100       DEC03  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
COUNTERPARTY IS BNP PARIBAS...SMITH BARNEY
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES ON THE EFS   
please post this efs with smith barney
EFS TRANSACTION
ENRON             BUYS   38         JAN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.390
ENRON             BUYS   35         FEB03  LD        SWAPS            $3.320
ENRON             BUYS   38         MAR03LD        SWAPS            $3.225
ENRON             BUYS   7          APR03  LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   7          MAY03LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   7          JUN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON             BUYS   7          JUL03   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             BUYS   7          AUG03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   7          SEP03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   7          OCT03  LD        SWAPS            $3.230
ENRON             BUYS   7          NOV03  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             BUYS   7          DEC03  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
COUNTERPARTY IS BARCLAYS BANK...THEY ARE POSTING WITH ALX..BROKER BADGE RESI
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES ON THE EFS
EFS TRANSACTION
ENRON SELLS22         APR 02            LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS8           May 02             LD Swaps
ENRON SELLS18         Jun 02               LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS47         Jul 02                LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS32         Nov 02              LD Swaps
ENRON SELLS35         Dec 02              LD Swaps
COUNTERPARTY IS OEMI and they are posting with refco
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES
I don't know if I gave this to you yet.
EFS Transaction
CAL02
ENRON SELLS62         MAY02SWAPS
ENRON SELLS68         JUL02   SWAPS
ENRON SELLS167       OCT02 SWAPS
ENRON SELLS92         NOV02  SWAPS
ENRON SELLS67         DEC02  SWAPS
COUNTERPARTY IS CINERGY...USING RAFFERTY TO POST
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES POSTING PRICE IS 11/30/01SETTLEMENT
CAL03
ENRON BUYS   57         JAN03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   2          FEB03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   7          MAR03SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   26         APR03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         MAY03SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   71         JUN03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   93         JUL03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   93         AUG03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   46         SEP03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         OCT03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   26         NOV03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         DEC03  SWAPS
COUNTERPARTY IS CINERGY...USING RAFFERTY TO POST
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES POSTING PRICE IS 11/30/01 SETTLEMENT
This file does not contain Options or the future crosses that were done today.
go ahead
John,
I was planning to go downstairs to work out shortly.  Please let me know if you need me around for anything.  -Jeb
Things are okay.  May be much better in a week or two.  Can you email me an update of how the 3 hedge funds are doing.  I may have another chunk of money to invest should you have any good opportunities lying around.  Still mainly interested in alternative investments with you.  Also, can you confirm my address.  I have moved recently and dont know if you have the new one.  2000 Bagby #15403; Houston 77002.
John -
I just wanted to touch base and see how you're doing through all of this.  I
expect that you're still gainfully employed, given your position within the
core energy trading business.  Let me know if you need anything from us.
 Michael Gapinski
 Account Vice President
 UBS PaineWebber, Inc.
 Corporate Employee Financial Services
 713-654-0365
 800-553-3119 x365
 Fax: 713-427-7539
 Cell: 281-435-0295
michael.gapinski@ubspw.com
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent 
and/or received by its employees.
- Michael Gapinski (E-mail).vcf  
yes i will
John - I got a call from Warren Tashnek today.  He is concerned about the usage of the Fimat line because the trading volume is not covering its costs.   He wanted to know how to increase business with Enron.  I referred him to you.  As you know, he is so nice and not trying to start a fight with us but needs more trades to justify the cost of the line.  Will you please address this with him 
Thanks, Sarah
Ed Sacks has the list.  With respect to CSFB, it sounds like we have a dispute.  Trades, my understanding, can get "done" verbally and then confirmed.  It sounds like we should pull the tapes.  We should also think of whether the deal agreed to Friday is currently in or out of the money.
Ed, could you look into this Chris:
We need to come up with a list of trades that we terminated last Friday so that we can take them out of our books.    Do you have that list?  Also, I spoke with "Dutch" this morning because CSFB left me a message yesterday after we filed claiming that the Friday trade was not effective.  I disagree even though a confirm has not been signed.  How do you want to handle this?
Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@
Chris:
Today we received a letter from them.  How and when do you want to respond to this?  Has anyone called them?
Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@
Ed Sacks has the list.  With respect to CSFB, it sounds like we have a dispute.  Trades, my understanding, can get "done" verbally and then confirmed.  It sounds like we should pull the tapes.  We should also think of whether the deal agreed to Friday is currently in or out of the money.
Ed, could you look into this Chris:
We need to come up with a list of trades that we terminated last Friday so that we can take them out of our books.    Do you have that list?  Also, I spoke with "Dutch" this morning because CSFB left me a message yesterday after we filed claiming that the Friday trade was not effective.  I disagree even though a confirm has not been signed.  How do you want to handle this?
Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@
Come talk to me sometime today before you leave.
I am planning to leave the office around noon today.  Please let me know if you need me for anything. -Jeb 
yep
did you put that on my desk?
Mark:
I know you must be very busy right now.  I do have a important favor to ask.  I am worried about the reaction should the names and numbers of the trading retention pool be made public.  If you get notice of if and when that is to happen, advanced warning would be very helpful.  If I cannot be reached at the office, my cell phone number is 713-557-3330 Thanks,
John
713 557 3330	
what are your plans?
713 294 9259
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send your FREE holiday greetings online!
yep.
Just wanted to confirm we are good for Tuesday dinner   
I fly in with Rick around 3pmand will be staying at the Four Seasons downtown...Lancasteris sold out.
Let me know if you have the time...and where and when you want to meet.
Email me back at fzerilli@yahoo.com  
John:
The recent check from Enron ($9,000) has been returned  for nonpayment.  Any suggestions/ideas as to how to rectify this?  I'd  appreciate any input you may have.  Thanks,
Mark 
Psytech
what day is jen and paula's party?
I would like to check availability for period of Dec 29-Jan 1 for 2 people.  Please advise.
John
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/04/2001 09:31:27 AM
Several people have asked how to read the Carr Futures option candlestick
charts.
Attached is a research note discussing tracking and trading option
volatility.
(See attached file: Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf)
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
- Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf 
2000 bagby #15403 
houston 77002
Hey, updating my Christmas card list.....what is your home address?
Only took me 3 weeks to respond.  That's pretty good for me.  I think things started collapsing the day I got your original email.  Obviously not an opportune time to come take the tour right now.  Not so impressive when the building is 80% empty.  If/when we get the operation started again, I'll bring you up for a tour.
John-
Was lovely meeting  you this weekend. Sorry I was...less then effusive by Sullivan's. It wasn't  the company -- I assure you.
And what about this  white elepha...trading floor? I want to get it while it  lasts.
look forward to  it
-Kelly
Kelly C. Busch
Market Analyst
Energy Argus
713 622 3996 x109kbusch@energyargus.com 
Still have new years open, right?
Please populate the attached worksheets(Stack & Website) for EAST, WEST & FINANCIAL Gas Trader Access and return to me once complete.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you
Stephanie Sever x33465
Please populate the attached worksheets for Stack Manager & Website Access.  I have added the Gas product types and a drop down for each user/product type  to populate with READ, EXECUTE or NONE.  For READ ONLY Website ID's, additional population is NOT necessary.  Please add or remove names as necessary and return to me once complete.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you,
Stephanie Sever
EnronOnline
713-853-3465
Mark:
I looked into the payment.  Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do.  Everything has to get approved by lawyers and they can't pay a vendor arbitrarily.  I'll keep working on it.  Sorry.
What do you think of ng and cl here?
John:
The recent check from Enron ($9,000) has been returned  for nonpayment.  Any suggestions/ideas as to how to rectify this?  I'd  appreciate any input you may have.  Thanks,
Mark 
Psytech
Sorry for the delay.
The big guys have been maharris,stuckey and barker.
Kim Ward thinks you're a big dork
dec 29-Jan 1
Friends:
The NYMEX will be open for a normal trading day today, closing at 2:30 p.m. EST.
The market
will remain closed Monday December 24 and Tuesday December 25.  NYMEX ACCESS
will
reopen the evening of the 25th at 7:00 p.m.  The Exchange will reopen Wednesday
morning the 26th
at 10:00 a.m. EST.
Happy Holidays!!
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
do you know what my user id and password are?
eserver@ on 05/04/2001 10:37:18 AM
i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i
Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.
absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he should be abl to help.
John,
Could I get access to the gas message board?
KJM
Jeff:
To explain the P&L of -349,000 We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000.  The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.
Looking out for you bubbeh:
John
almost forgot about you will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders.
Johnny,
Please don't let my group fall through the cracks!
We'd like to be as close to your desk in the new building as possible (8 seats)
unless you think we should focus on one of the geographical desks
- Mike
no
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 11:44:40 AM
Carr is hosting an enymex presentation at our office in New York this
Monday, May 7th from 2-4 PM. We are double checking our head count to make
sure that we will be ready for the people attending the presentation.
If you would, please reply to this email with a yes or a no to indicate
your intentions of attending this enymex presentation.
Thank you.
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.
SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 07:51:18 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures
The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.
Option Candlesticks
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest?
sorry not to send this earlier..
i checked out the dept water resources site.. (wwwowe.water.ca.gov).. nothing too illuminating except that their power costs have come down from over $300 in march to$45 this month but due to the nature the borrowing costs associated with the LT contracts, they will not be able to pass on much savings to consumers (gotta love that).
we were supposed to have received a copy of all their LT purchases in July. checking what happened there.  we know that there were 54 contracts signed .. half linked to gas which covered 1/3 of cali's total needs (looks like for 10 years).  some left open the possibility of the state procuring gas supplies for the plants.. dwr has signed 6 agreements w/ gas suppliers..pretty sure cali uses 25,000-45,000 MW per year which is about 70 contracts a day in gas terms.  If they locked in 1/3.. it would be about 25/day.. the deal they just did was about 16/day for just cal02..probably waiting for curve to flatten further to do more..
they purchased another 500 MW in Aug - the 17th (all 10-12 years)..and to date it looks like they have not purchased anything (have been selling into the grid daily) but not liquidating any previously negotiated LT deals (LT is anything beyond 3 months).
it sounds like they are planning on buying more of their gas requirements.. Sempra (who has LT power contracts with DWR and gives them the ability to buy 80% of their gas) said DWR had not purchased any gas yet.
Pls note story on page 5 & 6 of todays gas daily 
mentions California Dept of Water looking to hedge gas purchases for long-term contracts. 
over the past few days we have seen Major Inv. Bk Buying  Cal 02 Nymex Calls and the same bank buying Cal 02 Socal basis calls - very good size
This, we believe, is a hedge for this DWR story. The article mentions that they were "looking at ways to expand its gas purchases".
The article does not mention, nor do we know, how far out they are looking to purchase. 
Socal basis has moved on the back of this deal Last week: 
Cal 02 = 9 cents    Cal 03 = 20 cents 
Today 
Cal 02 = 18.5 cents   Cal 03 = 22 cents....so the spread has moved from 11 cent  contango  to 3.5 cents. 
Other than the call buying we saw related to this deal, the rest of the flow we are seeing is : sellers of vol. 
Last night settles: 
Cal 02 vol  51.5% and Cal 03 vol 37.25% - and we are 1 % lower in Cal 02 since the open , and 0.5 % lower Cal 03. 
Although tennessee was a very good time not long ago, it sure seems like a long time ago.
tenn+3 200
How are you with the following counterparties for this transaction: Coral, Duke, Dynegy, Reliant?
John:
Bank of Montreal would like to take Enron up on the offer you made this
afternoon to help balance our short swap exposure with your organization and
replace it with a third party Enron may have offsetting transactions with.
Per our conversation, to offset the contracts that we are short to Enron,
our position would allow us to accommodate the following transactions:
Buying five and a half (5.5) contracts a day December 2001 (Z01) natural gas
last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying sixteen and a half (16.5) contracts a day January 2002 through
December 2002 (F02-Z02) natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to
a third party
Buying four (4) contracts a day April 2003 through October 2003 (J03-V03)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying two (2) contracts a day January 2004 through December 2008 (F04-Z08)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
If you find an appropriate offsetting positions please contact me at
212-605-1475.
Thank you,
David DeVeny
Bank of Montreal
Commodity Derivatives Group
This e-mail and any attachments may  
The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.
Select pts.REF_PERIOD_DT, pts.CURVE_AMT FROM EGS.EGS_CURVE_DEF def, EGS.EGS_CURVE_POINTS pts WHERE def.CURVE_DEF_ID = pts.CURVE_DEF_ID AND def.CURVE_CD='NG' AND def.BOOK_TYPE_CD='P' AND def.CURVE_TYPE_CD='PR' AND def.EFFECTIVE_DT = TO_DATE('01-Oct-2001','DD-MON-YYYY')AND pts.REF_PERIOD_DT BETWEEN TO_DATE('01-Nov-2001','DD-MON-YYYY') AND TO_DATE('01-Oct-2007','DD-MON-YYYY') order by pts.REF_PERIOD_DT
Karen,
Here is my job description. I tried to make it broad to fit my possible move to another groups on the trading floor.
Please let me know if you need any additional information.
Vladi.
Hi everybody,
Here is the new slide template. It is reduced in size and also has more space available for information.
Dipak, Justin and Patrick, please make sure that you don't link to the data, your files were the biggest in size.
Vladi
just checking 
Vladi, nu konechno I pridu! da esche i s podarkami 
E~
Nu che, Len, ti segodnia pridesh'?
Nu che, Len, ti segodnia pridesh'?
we already bought the CD, gonna learn stuff by next spring
No te preocupes, te mandar? un CD para que estudies, no ser? muy dificil para ti, para Bonda si ser? m?s
dificil porque ella no habla espa?ol y no ha  vivido en Cuba como t?, pero lo m?s importante y b?sico para que
puedas hablar con la gente de Ecuador si lo debes aprender. Ya te avisar? sobre el CD.
A caballo 
Vladi.Pimenov@ wrote:
 compro una CD de espanol para mi i mi novia Bonda. Nos Vamos a estudiar
 mucho para preparar por el viaje al Equador