Is it Marketings plan to offer this as a Primary Firm point or an Alternate 
ds
I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list 
Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week.
Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.
Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.
Let me know your comments.
Thanks!
I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list 
Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week.
Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.
Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.
Let me know your comments.
Thanks!
Lindy,
Since Socal will not be confirming during the timely cycle, this gas will be incremental and the supplies may not get scheduled. Also,  I know Socal confirms the Needles point via EDI. Will they also confirm this Socal Topock point via EDI? If they do confirm via EDI, it would be good to have them work with Mary Draemer on a test EDI file. Will they give us a window like they do at Socal needles?
Today in TMS, we do have a Non Grid cycle that runs just prior to the gas day starting at 7:30 am. I know Socal does not confirm  this cycle today for Needles. Also, currently in production today Socal Needles point 10487 is set up as a passive point for confirmation. This Topock point would need to be set up with the same point status role for confirmation if they confirm this point via EDI. Socal will need to complete the Operator Choice request form that is posted on the TW web site.
Thanks Ramona
I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list 
Also, Terry & Shelley - any comments?  We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments, we're going to run it past SoCal as well.  This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week.
Here's a simple first draft.  I didn't know how much detail we should get into.
Ramona, am I using the correct terminology?  They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1.  They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream.
Let me know your comments.
Thanks!
I second Jerry's statement below. 
ds
Jeff, 
I agree also. I believe that is a really good idea. There will be times when it is necessary to run at, or close to MAOP to move the required flows, but we do not want to run over MAOP at anytime. So, anything they can do to protect the H.P. and the integrity of the pipe would be great. 
Jerry
Hello Jerry,
Everybody seems to be in agreement to this point.  I would like your comments.  What I propose to do is ask that the high pressure shutdowns be reset as close to MAOP as possible, without shutting anything down AT MAOP.  It may take a little adjustment to find out where that point is for each station.  Any problem?
Jeff
Jeff,
The regulations are pretty clear.  192.619(a) says  " . . no person may operate a segment of steel or plastic pipeline at a pressure which exceeds the lowest of the following: . . . " and goes on to talk about design pressure, test pressure and highest operating pressure issues.  There is no leeway.  The regulations provide for the built in problem of buildup pressure in relief devices by giving us up to ten percent above MAOP to achieve full relief capacity, IF we need it due to failure of a pressure control device or system.  Operator error or roll back due to system demand changes are not acceptable justification for exceeding MAOP.
From the communications below, it looks like the high pressure shutdowns are being used more as a pressure control device than an overpressure protection device.  If this is to be the case, then the shutdowns must be set at the MAOP, not at some percentage above MAOP.  If this is done, then the relief valves must be sized adequately to prevent operating pressure to exceed the MAOP plus the allowable 10 percent buildup.  I believe that some compressors are relying on shutdown switches as primary OPP since existing relief valves are inadequately sized.  I don't know if this is the case here.
My thoughts are that if the operating pressure of a pipeline exceeds the MAOP by any amount, then the control systems should be recalibrated to prevent a reoccurrence.  If the control system has unacceptable dead band, then the economics should justify replacing it.  The economics cannot, under any circumstances, justify operating at any pressure that exceeds MAOP.
Pat
Pat, please give me your thoughts on this issue, then I will discuss with Gas Control. 
Thanks,
Jeff
Jeff
I am in agreement with you.  Talk to Pat Vaughan concerning the issue.
Thanks
Dan
As you know, we have exceeded the MAOP a couple of times since I have been here.  According to the Advisors, our shutdowns for high discharge at the mainline stations are set at 1020.  This is 12 PSI over MAOP.  These shutdowns should prevent the pressure from ever getting high enough to actually blow a relief valve (at 10% over MAOP 
Although we are allowed to set overpressure protection devices to prevent overpressuring by more than 10%,  I don't believe that this gives us permission to operate above MAOP.  My opinion is that we should set the high discharge shutdowns closer to MAOP so that rollbacks due to reduced demand, other conditions resulting in high line pack, or manipulation of pressure to excavate a line, don't result in us exceeding MAOP 
I need to run this by Pat Vaughn, Gas Control, and probably a few others, but I thought I would start by running this by you.  Do you see any reason not to pursue this?
Jeff
I talked to Delma with Amoco about the fuel and she is going to get with her people and call us back 
ds
FYI's 
PNM               -    has verbally promised to pay back 5000 mmbtus per day during March and also to pay 1/2 of the imbalance in cash
Amoco Abo     -    did not deliver volumes into TW during February and first four days of March - however, fuel volumes are being 
delivered into Amoco Abo Fuel point causing the imbalance to grow.
So Cal            -    received 60,344 mmbtus in payback from 3/1 -3/4 reducing the accumulated balance to 59,483 mmbtus due TW
Williams         -    Williams will be invoiced for $84,461.19 for Feb oba activity.  The balance shown on the attached summary is related
to March 2002
Devon            -     Devon was invoiced for their accumulated balance through 1/31/2002 - $146,678.  The balance shown on the 
attached summary is related to activity after 1/31/2002.  Amy will continue to follow up on the payment status.
Mojave          -      Balance shown is related to March 2002 activity.  The prior balance of 150,923 mmbtus is being resolved and will be 
cashed out.  This amount related to these volumes should be invoiced during 3/2002.
NGPL           -      received 89,845 mmbtus in payback during 2/2002 reducing accumulated balance to 45,621 due TW as of 2/28
I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.
ds
We can check with Williams but can't promise anything.
ds
Now that we have all the parties involved, here is what we need. A pig needs to be ran from the Canadian River Station to P-3 on the TW 24" Panhandle Lateral. In order to be able to do this, we will need to receive gas at Canadian River Station preferably by Williams. I understand that we only have gas flow going from P-3 to Canandian, but in order for us to maintain pipeline integrity, we need to work together to make this happen twice a year. We work with Williams to enable them to run a pig, so I'm sure they would be willing to work with us. Currently this is our only alternative since we are unable to pig from P-3 to Canadian. It has been several years since this pig has been ran and the last time P-3 was flooded with fluid. 
As far as the Leedey Lateral goes, we need to pig, but economics will be hard. We will do some more leg work on this.
Someone needs to call Jerry Graves or myself to schedule a pig run.  We will need to have some coordination to flow gas from the P-3 side
of the Canadian station to ensure you enough gas to run the pig to feldman. 
With max flows from the P-2 area they can run a pig from P-2 to P-3 anytime.  It just needs to be coordinated with the teams and gas
control.
Mickey, hope this answers you questions.  If not call me 
Let us know.
ds   713-853-4299
I had sent you an email in   to pigging on the TW 24" Panhandle Lateral and the TW 12" Leedey Lateral. I haven't heard anything and wanted to make sure you are still the person that we need to visit with on getting these task resolved. If not, please let me know who we need to talk to.
The problem is we haven't ran a pig on these lines in years. In order to insure our pipeline integrity, we need to work through these obstacles and get something resolved. We know we have lots of liquid in these lines and need to proceed with pigging.
Please let me know what we need to do to get this accomplished.
Thanks,
Mickey
yes
ds
Will you be in the rest of the week?
I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.
ds
It will be fine.
ds
If it is okay, I may need to get with later next week.  I'll let you know.
Thanks,
Michael
yes
ds
Will you be in the rest of the week?
I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.
ds
Lynn,
Sherry called in and her mom passed away last night.  She will give us further details when she has them.
Randy J.
I think these will be just fine. 
Ds
Talk to tk but I think these will be fine. 
Ds
I guess this is ok if you are. Is this a standard language. If R.  Hannigrif is fine with it, then I will be good. I will be in the office tomorrow 
See you then 
Ds
Hey tk how are you doing. We are having fun. I plan to be in the office Tomorrow.  We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me.  Money wise that is 
See you later. 
Ds and ls
TK
I added a tab "monthly" which accumlates the monthly imbalances per operator.  The accumulated monthly total balance would be the monthly oba imbalance net.
Would this be useful information until we develop the automated version.
richard
give me a call if you have questions
no,  we are back to normal.
ds
Are we still working on Crawford 
DL
Please amend K#27579 Receipt Point from POI#500267 to POI#78169 for 20,000 mmbtu/day beginning 03/09/03 for the term of the contract.  After the March maintenance of the Crawford Lateral, TW will move the Receipt POI back to #500267.
Thanks,
TK
FYI,
Here is the outage schedule, and notes from the Houston SJ outage meeting (03/06/02). If I missed someone, please let me know and I'll add them to my list. It was nice meeting everyone, and thanks for your participation.
Jerry Graves
713-345-8923
Sr. Specialist
TW/NNG
Line pack was increased by an estimated 334,095 mmbtus due to imbalances -  see the monthly tab for details by operator
It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.
ds
Please let me know when you will have some time next week.
Thanks,
Michael
yes
ds
Will you be in the rest of the week?
I will be on vacation tuesday, March 12  returning on wednesday.
ds
Notes:
1) This is a tuning day, so expect lots of swing.
2)  MW outputs are average values only in order to schedule overall gas
nomination for the 24 hour period.
3)  Actual MW must be handled in real time.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01543.pcx)
- pic01543.pcx 
Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice.
ds
Attached is the TW Weekly report for March 15, 2002.
Jan Moore
X53858
ID2:		The streak of non-variances ended tonight.  One variance was intentional, but the other was not.  In any case I had to
manually schedule volumes at Transcolorado and Northwest for Sempra's CR 27848 and 27342, respectively due to 
downstream confirmation cuts.
EVE:		All the points looked okay with the minor exception of Transcolorado.
OTHER:	The Force Majeure at Bisti looks like it will continue for 5 to 6 weeks.  Since San Juan will likely be cut every cycle,
we need to allocate the NGPL points, Gray, Eddy, and Winkler even if San Juan does not appear on the original 			allocation list.  By allocating these points, the bogus volume at Northwest delivery will disappear, and then San Juan 		should come up for allocation.  I learned this the hard way by ignoring those points on the ID2 cycle for 3/15.  I knew 		the Enserco volumes were not going to be confirmed, but the delivery at Northwest over-inflated the deliveries at San 			Juan and should have been allocated.  The net effect was San Juan scheduled over 842,000 even though Darrell had 			the capacity at 800,000.
For the good news, Joe Hoang recached our batch printer options so now the "J" printer at 3920 is usable.
See you later,  Bert
We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan.  After the conference call today, I will revise the posting.
ds
The Bisti Motor failed Thursday evening and resulted in a station ESD.  Initially, it was thought that the ESD was the result of a faulure in one of the fire detectors.  Once the alarms were cleared by the Operators and the station was totally reset, an attempt at a restart was made.  A variety of alarms (primarily related to the Motor RTD's) started flagging.  The Operators continued through a trouble shooting process that lasted until late this afternoon at which point it was determined that the motor had failed 
Industrial Repair Service (IRS) out of Farmington Nm. was contacted and a rep. (Doug Harrison shop foreman) is due on site this evening (Friday) to further evaluate and provide timelines/schedules for removal.  Todd Ingalls has been in discussions with IRS's Paul Heikkinen (505-860-2398) in an effort to coordinate this removal process.   At this point, Operations is proceeding with a turnkey scope of work request from IRS for removal, repair and re-installation.  Moving as quickly as possible to turnaround this motor, field estimates tonight are in the range of 4 to 6 weeks.  We are looking at a "stator" failure this time versus the historic "rotor" failures that have occured at this facility 
A couple of issues need to be discussed so I have set up a conf. call for 1:00 pm CST Monday.  (877-795-3687  pin 151120)  Updates should be available by this time.  (In the mean while, we are moving forward, pending IRS's availability, with the removal of the equipment)
March 2002		Scheduled	
Scheduled
Friday 15	
West			   (973)
San Juan	                842 
East			   (415)
Total deliveries                (1807)
Saturday 16		
West			   (947)
San Juan		    780
East			   (326)
Total deliveries                (1678)
Sunday 17
West			   (953)
San Juan		    778
East			   (361)
Total deliveries                (1745)
Monday 18
West			   (958)
San Juan		    783
East			   (372)
Total deliveries                (1777)
Notes:  Bisti electric unit has been down since Thursday evening March 14.  TW posted a Force Majeure notice and began allocating
San Juan Lateral on Friday, March 15, down from 880,000 to 780,000 mmbtu/d.  There will be a conference call today to discuss
repairs and length of down time.  Preliminary estimate on down time is 4 to 6 weeks.
We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan.  After the conference call today, I will revise the posting.
ds
The Bisti Motor failed Thursday evening and resulted in a station ESD.  Initially, it was thought that the ESD was the result of a faulure in one of the fire detectors.  Once the alarms were cleared by the Operators and the station was totally reset, an attempt at a restart was made.  A variety of alarms (primarily related to the Motor RTD's) started flagging.  The Operators continued through a trouble shooting process that lasted until late this afternoon at which point it was determined that the motor had failed 
Industrial Repair Service (IRS) out of Farmington Nm. was contacted and a rep. (Doug Harrison shop foreman) is due on site this evening (Friday) to further evaluate and provide timelines/schedules for removal.  Todd Ingalls has been in discussions with IRS's Paul Heikkinen (505-860-2398) in an effort to coordinate this removal process.   At this point, Operations is proceeding with a turnkey scope of work request from IRS for removal, repair and re-installation.  Moving as quickly as possible to turnaround this motor, field estimates tonight are in the range of 4 to 6 weeks.  We are looking at a "stator" failure this time versus the historic "rotor" failures that have occured at this facility 
A couple of issues need to be discussed so I have set up a conf. call for 1:00 pm CST Monday.  (877-795-3687  pin 151120)  Updates should be available by this time.  (In the mean while, we are moving forward, pending IRS's availability, with the removal of the equipment)
Please see the attached 
fyi
ds
I just finished talking to Bill. He said that his brother Louis is not giving up and neither ae the doctors. Bill said that Louis can hear them talk to him and that he responds to feel, though Louis is still in critical condition. Bill said that the Lubbock Fire Department has been very supportive with food and beverages. I ask that your thoughts and prayers be with the " Jones" family and we will keep you all updated as time goes by. Bill also said that visitation to see Louis has been very limited 
Food For Thought Some jobs treaten or take our retirements, and some jobs treaten or take our lives. Now that we know, the kind of cards that life can deal to 
us, ask yourself how lucky do you feel.
Mountainair Team  /  Norm Gonzales
Please include John on your distribution list.
ds
ID2:		Had to manually schedule Northwest CR 20786/24954, PNM CR 20785/25397, and TW CR 22948 because the receipt 		points were considered invalid.  The system EPSQ'd all the volumes down to 50%.  I didn't have any problems with the 		Northwest or PNM contracts, but I had to trace the TW admin contract all the way down the West Texas and Central 		pools.  I was able to reinstate a lot of the gas, but Astra's ended up at Socal and part of Richardson's gas ended up at 		Socal and PG&E.  Sempra's went to Calpine, Reliant went to Southwest Gas Mojave, and USGT's went to both Rio 			Puerco 	and Westar Ward so I fixed their volumes.
I had to manually fix Williams' CR 24925 and Texaco's CR 25923/25924 due to variances at El Paso Blanco and 			Mojave, respectively.  Williams was off by 1 MMBtu while Texaco netted to zero.  West of Thoreau scheduled to 			938,382 and San Juan at 772,209.  I confirmed the scheduled volumes with Gas Control for all the points involved.
EVE:		Had to manually schedule the Northwest and PNM Hub contracts again.  I did not touch the gas sales on the admin 			contract.  Hopefully it will schedule in the Non-Grid.  ANR is slightly off, and one Northwest Receipt changed by 1 on 		cycle 3.  The Northwest delivery from Milagro should schedule on the Non-Grid.  I submitted the volumes to WFS as if 		they did schedule on the Evening.
NON-GRID:	Confirmed down USGT's 27161 at Halley since NNG did not have a nomination in their system.  I got caught up trying 		to fix the Hub contracts that I did not notice the problem on the Evening cycle especially since Debra is working for 			the South end.  I nominated the payback volume on ANR's OBA for 15,000 on the 19th as well as the 20th through 			22nd.  I also confirmed the volumes for each day.  Check to make sure I am going in the right direction.  At least the 		system didn't get hung up during the confirmations like they did over the weekend.
If you need me on Tuesday, call me at home or page me.  I plan to work Wednesday night unless someone tells me otherwise.
Bert
Notes:
1) This is a tuning day, so expect lots of swing.
2)  MW outputs are average values only in order to schedule overall gas
nomination for the 24 hour period.
3)  Actual MW must be handled in real time.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29972.pcx)
- pic29972.pcx 
ID2:		Had to manually schedule Northwest CR 20786/24954, PNM CR 20785/25397, and TW CR 22948 because the receipt 		points were considered invalid.  The system EPSQ'd all the volumes down to 50%.  I didn't have any problems with the 		Northwest or PNM contracts, but I had to trace the TW admin contract all the way down the West Texas and Central 		pools.  I was able to reinstate a lot of the gas, but Astra's ended up at Socal and part of Richardson's gas ended up at 		Socal and PG&E.  Sempra's went to Calpine, Reliant went to Southwest Gas Mojave, and USGT's went to both Rio 			Puerco 	and Westar Ward so I fixed their volumes.
I had to manually fix Williams' CR 24925 and Texaco's CR 25923/25924 due to variances at El Paso Blanco and 			Mojave, respectively.  Williams was off by 1 MMBtu while Texaco netted to zero.  West of Thoreau scheduled to 			938,382 and San Juan at 772,209.  I confirmed the scheduled volumes with Gas Control for all the points involved.
EVE:		Had to manually schedule the Northwest and PNM Hub contracts again.  I did not touch the gas sales on the admin 			contract.  Hopefully it will schedule in the Non-Grid.  ANR is slightly off, and one Northwest Receipt changed by 1 on 		cycle 3.  The Northwest delivery from Milagro should schedule on the Non-Grid.  I submitted the volumes to WFS as if 		they did schedule on the Evening.
NON-GRID:	Confirmed down USGT's 27161 at Halley since NNG did not have a nomination in their system.  I got caught up trying 		to fix the Hub contracts that I did not notice the problem on the Evening cycle especially since Debra is working for 			the South end.  I nominated the payback volume on ANR's OBA for 15,000 on the 19th as well as the 20th through 			22nd.  I also confirmed the volumes for each day.  Check to make sure I am going in the right direction.  At least the 		system didn't get hung up during the confirmations like they did over the weekend.
If you need me on Tuesday, call me at home or page me.  I plan to work Wednesday night unless someone tells me otherwise.
Bert
I've been trying to go into nominations and have not had any luck for 2
days now.  Did something change?  My login id is  mclifton PW dominion.
I wasn't sure who to contact so if you aren't the correct one please let me
know.  Thanks
______________________
Vicki Tribble
Dominion Exploration & Production - OKC
Gas Marketing
(405) 749-5243
8-670-5243
Thanks
ds
I thought you might find this interesting.
Next, was a presentation by Staff on the California Update. Staff gave some interesting statistics: consumption grew 16% in 1995-2000 while capacity increased by 3%. In-state capacity will be insufficient to meet peak demand. Within the 2001-2006 new generation of 3200 MW will come on line in 2001; 6500 MW will be under construction and 15,000 MW has been either tabled or cancelled. Hydropower accounts for 20-40% and will play a significant role in the next five years. This places California at the mercy of snow pack conditions for up to 40% of its requirements. Last year the snow pack was 64% of typical and this year it is at 130%. Natural gas accounts for 15% of the state's needs; therefore, 85% is imported from outside the state. (47% from Southwest; 28% Canada and 10% from the Rocky Mountain pipes).Gas fired generation will decline in the next five years according to staff for three reasons:
new generation facilities coming on line
hydro will be at normal or above levels
neighboring states will sell into California
If there are surprises such as short-term price volatility, economic growth outpaces projects, low hydro conditions, energy conservation declines, California will experience similar conditions to last year.
Please see the attached.
ds
The monthly accummulated imbalances has been identified by area.
Please set him up to get the TW critical notices.
ds
Darrell,
just got off the phone with you.  please add me (AdamG@cook-inlet.com) to
the email list for future maintenance updates, etc.
thanks a lot for your help,
Adam GERZA
Cook Inlet Energy Supply
10100 Santa Monica Blvd, 18th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067
AdamG@cook-inlet.com
310-789-2314
(fax) 310-789-3951
There are 3 sheets tabs are at the bottom.  Cal., WestTexas, sheet 3.
ds
laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000.
ds
FYI: See David's note below about payback. Let me know if I need to do anything for this payback to happen.
Tracy
Hi all,
Attached is PPL's gas nomination for tomorrow. Please note we are requesting a
payback from the OBA on the TW lateral per discussion with Citizens and TW gas
control. Thanks
David
- pplnom0321.xls  
FYI,
To stay out of conflict with some big EL Paso outages on the San Juan Lat. in May, we need to look at dates after May 21. Just a heads up.
Jerry Graves 
Notes:
1) On Sunday the startup team changed their plans and did 2 ST Trip Tests
instead of tuning Duct Burners as planned.
2) Will do Duct Burner Tuning on Monday.  Expect MW swings.
3)  MW outputs are average values only in order to schedule overall gas
nomination for the 24 hour period.
4) Actual MW must be handled in real time.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic00041.pcx)
- pic00041.pcx 
Jerry and I will work with the Field teams and Tiny to see if late April might be an option. 
ds
Perhaps we should look at applying the drag reducer sooner.  With Bisti out of service, the drag reducer may give us some additional capacity.
What do you think?
Ben:  Please check and see if the DR application w/o Bisti gives us enough additional capacity to warrant an earlier application.
Thanks
John R. Keller
Vice President, Planning & Power Services
Enron Transportation Services
713-646-7624
john.r.keller@ 
FYI,
To stay out of conflict with some big EL Paso outages on the San Juan Lat. in May, we need to look at dates after May 21. Just a heads up.
Jerry Graves 
This is when the E:mail was set and the set point was put out of the way.
ds
Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice.
ds
FYI, looks like 6 weeks.  I have communicated to Steve Harris.
Dan
We informed Ideal Electric this afternoon to start work on the Bisti replacement motor.  Josh Mayes has contacted Andrew Gagnon at Ideal with the P.O. information.  We were able to negotiate a three year warranty with the 6 week delivery.  Price will be $295,000 with a reduction in price of $30,000 to $35,000 if we can reuse the existing rotor and/or parts from the previously installed rotor.  We will need to ship the entire motor except for the top hat enclosure and the rotor at Roswell to Ideal.
Todd or Tiny, please ship the motor and spare rotor to Ideal Electric Company, 330 E. First Street, Mansfield, OH,  44902  Attn:  Andrew Gagnon, phone 419-522-3611.
Sarabeth or Josh,  please contact Ideal for a long term service contract.  Dan Pribble would like to know what this cost would be and he will decide if this option should be pursued.
Arnold, please send Andy at Ideal the information you have on the Gallup motor 
Ideal is checking on the cost of a spare motor which would be good for both Bloomfield and Bisti.  Depending on what the Gallup specifications are, Ideal might be able to make the spare motor good for all three installations 
We have informed Mark Knippa with ECS that due to the emergency situation that TW is leading the efforts to get Bisti back into service.  Mark will be in contact with us as to his negotiations with the Creditor's Committee on reimbursing TW for all costs.  I think Sarabeth will be our contact on these discussions?
I will be out of the office on Thursday and Friday.  Arnold Eisenstein will be available if any questions or concerns arise.  Thanks, Norm
IMPORTANT:  THE X.001796 BISTI ELECT. MOTOR REPAIRS NUMBER HAS BEEN "CANCELLED".  DO NOT TRY TO CHARGE INTO THIS NUMBER 
A PAF has been routed for a C.03 Overhaul number for all charges to this project.  As soon as I get the C.03 number I will forward to all concerned for charges.
Sorry about the confusion.		Thanks,  tj
Timothy Jones
Transwestern Pipeline Company
Summit Office Bldg., Ste. 250
4001 Indian School Rd., NE
Albuquerque, NM  87110
Phone: (505) 260-4007
FAX:  (505) 254-1437
E-Mail:  Timothy.Jones@
Attached is the TW weekly report for March 22, 2002.
Jan Moore
X53858
March 2002		Scheduled	
Scheduled
Friday 22	
West			   (832)
San Juan	                795 
East			   (513)
Total deliveries                (1833)
Saturday 23		
West			   (799)
San Juan		    785
East			   (514)
Total deliveries                (1799)
Sunday 24
West			   (799)
San Juan		    785
East			   (512)
Total deliveries                (1759)
Monday 25
West			   (800)
San Juan		    784
East			   (521)
Total deliveries                (1745)
Notes:  Bisti electric unit has been down since Thursday evening March 14.  TW posted a Force Majeure notice and began allocating
San Juan Lateral on Friday, March 15, down from 880,000 to 780,000 mmbtu/d.   Preliminary estimate on down time is 4 to 6 weeks.
We are flying on one wing today.  CT #2 is not in service because of a
failure on a valve operator motor.
Testing will continue at reduced Plant output.  Expect load swings which
must be scheduled in real time.
An ST Trip Test is planned again for today, as well as some Duct Burner
tuning.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24084.pcx)
- pic24084.pcx 
I don't know that for a fact.  I assumed since they do the same thing for the lamar power plant they should know to do the same
for Griffith and Calpine, that is why we send those daily schedules.
DS
Has this been explained to Keith once already? sj
They had a 35,000 order and Kieth put the setpoint in at the mainline.  They sent a schedule for what they intended to pull hourly and
he didn't look at it.  I got with him yesterday and explained how the spread sheet works they send us and how to figure the hourly takes 
for a 24 hr period.  Guess I should'nt assume they know to do that.  I will take the to do to get with each gas controller again and explain
how Griffith works both at the power plant controls and the mainline.
DS 
What was the problem? sj
We need to keep our communications open to the plant.  I know that during their test mode they have had a variance in load projections.
Hopefully when they become operational their loads will be more steady Ken,
Sorry about yesterday.  Thanks to your quick responce to our gas control so we could correct the problem before the plant
went down If you have any more questions please call. 
Thanks DS  713-853-4299
BVZ has no schedule for valve repair or test program for Tuesday.
For purposes of gas nom, I'm showing base load on CT #1, chilled and
unfired.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24084.pcx)
- pic24084.pcx 
I will be in a meeting with BP Amoco from 12 to 2.  Can we do this at 2 pm.
Thanks DS
A conference call to discuss possible pigging of the Bloomfield to Gallup line has been scheduled for:
1:00 p.m., CST, Wednesday, 09/19/01
877-795-3687
115008
Talk to you then.
John
Rich Jolly
09/13/2001 02:18 PM
Ben my comment's below.
As the efficiencies of the lateral (between Bloomfield and Gallup) steadily decrease it is time to probably think about pigging that section again in time for the upcoming tariff season. We will be scheduling a meeting next week to talk about the following:
1)	When should we do this?
Ben can your group figure what volume loses we are incurring as the percentage of efficiency goes down? After that we need to get marketing involved and 
let them tell us when to pig the line and add new inhibitor. 
2)	Should we also consider surfactant cleaning?
This will have to be looked at but only after running pigs to see what condition the pipeline is in. 
3)	It has been almost 6 months since the application of the DRA on that section. Should we re-apply?
Again this is dependent on revenue loss compared to percentage loss and marketing will have to be involved.
4)	What are the costs-outages, cost of app
This is dependent on what all we will be doing. If we add surfactant the cost will be quite a bit more. How many times do we run the pigs to get the line ready 	(we don't know this.) We'll need to work with Darrell Schoolcraft and marketing on outages. Cost of application we can get this from Nalco.
5)	What are the benefits.
Getting back to 7% increase in efficiency. 
I'll be in a meeting in Oklahoma next week but will be available for a call.
Thanks
RJ
Please let John Sturn or myself know of when you cannot make a meeting next week.
Thanks
I will be attending.
DS
You have been selected to attend the Transwestern customer meeting in November.  Review the attachment below for details.  Please indicate whether you will attend or will not attend in a email to ava.garcia@ or phone at 713-853-5842.
in November.
Thanks,
Ava Garcia
That will be fine.
DS
Terry and Darrell, are you both planning on attending?  To keep this low key I will not
attend, but will be available if you need me.  Are you OK with that?  Thanks. Lynn
Attached is a brief agenda regarding the topics that BP would like to discuss, in addition to the TW shipper imbalance.
BP Attendees are:   	Natalie Curtis
Kathy LaBorde
Debra Ross
Russell Williamson	
Brooke Ward
Delma Tullos
Debbie Peters
Once again, the preliminary meeting will be Tuesday 9/18 in 4194 from 3:00-3:30.
The BP/TW meeting will be Wednesday 9/19 in 4102 from 12:00-2:00, lunch will be provided (Treebeard's).
Thanks,
Christine
We will have a preliminary meeting Tuesday 9/18 to discuss the agenda for the lunch meeting with BP.  We will meet in 4194 from 3-3:30.
The lunch meeting with BP will be Wed 9/19 from 12-2 in 4102.  We are waiting to hear from BP regarding topics of discussion and attendees.
See y'all then!
Amy
BVZ still has no schedule for valve repair or test program for Wednesday.
For purposes of gas nom, I'm showing base load on CT #1, chilled and
unfired.
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29361.pcx)
- pic29361.pcx 
Check with Griffith this morning.
DS
Late this afternoon, BVZ requested a ST Trip Test.  We were unable to do it
because of WAPA system problems related to loss of internet communications.
WAPA requested that we stay at 225 MW until further notice.
Therefore, we have scheduled to do the ST Trip at 7:01 tomorrow morning,
Sept. 19.
Possible Outcomes:
1) Go from 225 MW to 150 MW starting at 7:01 and get back up to 225 MW
during HE 10:00
2) Go from 225 MW to 150 MW starting at 7:01 then go to zero if the CTG
runs back.
Thanks.
Tomorrow ?
PLEASE STOP REPLYING TO ALL USERS
i sold 1,000/d of apr/oct @ 3.02 for GD-Y-Gas Daily book. please put in that book. Thanks.
Two things:
1). The below trade did not go into the GD-Y-Gas Daily book, please move it into the corect book.
2). I bot a Nov16-30 TZ6 gas daily swap from Vladi Pimenov @ 3.75 for 10,000/d. did this go into my position, and what book did it go into ?
Thanks
AZ
I sold 2500/d of Nov2/Mar3 @ 3.495 to hedge the above book. can you please put it in that book.
Thanks.
thnk u nothing for now
ttfn
do u have msn instant messenger ?
I'm ok. Things are pretty bleak. I don't know what is going to happen. Asking myself some serious questions about my career.
I think Enron and my career are finished.
John,
Thanks for the note. Yeah things look pretty lousy here at the big E. From first to worst in 4 easy weeks. The untold story is how much money the gas and power trading folks have made that some weenies in three piece in suits in Corp pissed away. Looks like we are going to be bought by Dynegy. Hang in there with ONE. I am agitating for a Christmas visit to Mich by us, so   then.
Keep on it,
Andy
u sld 50 ngz01 @ 2.935 to John Arnold.
u bot 300 NGZ01 2.925 from John Arnold.
George Bush, minister of the double negative:  "Not over my dead body" will they raise your taxes.
Does that mean yes to tax increases as long as he is alive ?
congrat's Raj: I'm gratified to see that the corportae customers we talked about are finding value in the product and service.
Thought you guys would find this funny:
TOP TEN USES FOR THE NEW ENE BLDG
1. HEALTH CLUB
2. LOFTS
3. PUBLIC STORAGE
4. HOTEL FOR SEC INVESTIGATION TEAM
5.SKY RING BAR AND BROTHEL
6. SCRAP METAL
7.RETAIL CENTER
8. MINIMUM SECURITY FEDERAL PRISON FOR EXECUTIVES
9.PROP IN NEXT HOLLYWOOD ACTION FLICK: IMPLOSION
10.PERMANENT REMINDER TO ALL INVESTORS: SELL WHEN THEY BUILD A MONUMENT TO SELF
Oy ! Let's talk later today if you have time. hope the family is doing well.
rgds,
andy
magnani@thesearchcenter.com
Can you believe it ? cat sleeping with dogs 
Greg,
I know this has been a tough couple of weeks for you but I thought I would drop you a line and share my impressions:
1). This deal is an ideal opportunity to merge back and mid office support platforms. We have discussed this many times and EnronNetworks was practically set up for this (CommodityLogic et al  
2). I don't know what you folks have in mind but I could see leaving ENE's market making and trading structure intact and having DYN's asset-based trading be just another business unit like EES was. but the key is the tremendous cost savings of the common support platform.
I don't mean to be presumptuous but I hadn't talked to you in a while and wanted to get it off my chest.
Good luck,
Andy
UNBELIEVABLE
Interesting.....Is Lay going to retire 
-- DJ Enron CEO -2: Also To Get Reimbursed For Tax Penalties 
WASHINGTON (Dow Jones)--Enron Corp. (ENE) Chief Executive Kenneth Lay could
receive a lump sum payment as much as $80 million as a result of Dynegy Inc.'s
(DYN) plan to acquire Enron, according to a regulatory filing released Tuesday
by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Under Lay's employment agreement, which originally extended through Dec. 31,
2003, Lay was entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the number of full
calendar years remaining under his contract multiplied by $20.2 million if he
terminated his employment within 60 days of a change of control. 
In August, Lay, chairman of Enron, resumed his position as CEO following the
resignation of Jeffrey K. Skilling, Enron's then-president and CEO. At that
time, his contract was extended to Dec. 31, 2005. 
In addition to the lump sum payment, Lay is entitled to an amount for any
related tax penalties if the payment were held to constitute an "excess
parachute payment," according to the filing. 
Dynegy plans to acquire Enron in a stock swap valued around $10.12 billion. 
The deal is expected to close sometime next year, in which case Lay is
entitled to $60.6 million under his contract if he terminates his employment
within the 60 days. 
Houston-based Enron is a utilities and communications company. -Dan Lowrey;
Dow Jones Newswires; 202-393-7402; dan.lowrey@dowjones.com 
(END) Dow Jones Newswires  13-11-01
1428GMT(AP-DJ-11-13-01 1428GMT)
Symbols:
US;DYN US;ENE 
13-Nov-2001  14:28:54 GMT
Source DJES   - Dow Jones Energy Service
Categories:
I/ELC I/GAS I/UES I/XISL N/CNW N/DJWI N/DPG N/LNG N/NRG N/WEI M/NND M/UTI
P/NRG R/NAPW R/NERC R/NME R/TX R/US R/USS MST/I/ELC MST/I/GAS MST/I MST/N/LNG
MST/R/NME MST/R/US/TX MST/R/US 
There is a lot of confused bullshit floating around 
Mooney's are great planes and are very fast. I almost bought an MSE a few years ago, which subsequently was called the Allegro, then the Eagle. They are really well built with no incidents of inflight airframe failure ever. Drawbacks are they are quite small and there is a cloud over he comapny as it is in bankruptcy. The bankruptcy isue is around whether the supply of parts will be available going foward. They are probably being discounted which makes it a good buy. Idon't think the parts issue is a real one as someone will step in to take over the manufacturing.
AZ
Errol pleae make sure to put anything not mentioned by Justin into my book. Thanks.
Cal04
S 1500/d at 3.77
B 500/D for 3.78
apr-oct
B 2500/D for 3.02
Cal03 
B 500/D for 3.55
Justin Rostant
Enron Financial Trading Desk.
Phone: 713-853-6460
Mobile: 832-264-6333
Fax: 713-646-3239
wow, three weeks away from the kids ! brave and lucky man. life is very edgy here waiting for this stupid auction to happen. i don't really know what things will look like after even if we do get a bidder who wants to go foward. stay tuned. have a good time in oz.
andy
what about crude straddles ?
We should be watching this  IntercontinentalExchange is pleased to announce that weather swaps trading will be included in its new version 8 release. These fixed-for-floating financial products will be cash settled on a five-day average temperature, Monday - Friday, for the current week and for the forward week. Temperatures used for the settlement of these products will be those reported by EarthSat, a widely recognized and independent source of weather data. Settlement temperatures provided by EarthSat will be available via the IntercontinentalExchange website. The hub locations for weather trades will be the primary airport weather stations at Chicago-O'Hare, Dallas-Fort Worth, New York-La Guardia, Philadelphia-International and Sacramento-Executive. The standard contract size for all locations will be $10,000 per degree Fahrenheit, with a tic increment of 0.1 degree Fahrenheit or $1,000. There are no payout limits on the contracts. 
The design and development of these new weather products was done under the guidance of Aquila Energy Marketing Corp., a recognized leader in weather product concepts. In addition, IntercontinentalExchange has worked with Aquila and other major weather market participants, including Reliant Energy, Mirant Americas, and El Paso Merchant Energy, to build consensus and support for these new products.
To trade weather swaps you must have our new version 8 release installed on your system. An advisory with details about this new release is being sent to you by separate email. 
We encourage all or our users to take a serious look at the new weather products being offered by the IntercontinentalExchange. Please contact one of our following representatives to find out about the new weather products, or check back on our website product guide:
Patricia Ricci : (646) 792-2624 : Patricia.Ricci@intcx.com  Mike O'Neill : (646) 792-2626 : Michael.Oneill@intcx.com  Chris D'Ambrosio : (646) 792-2625 : chris.dambrosio@intcx.com  
I can take this mission. Please advise.
Andy Zipper
sonjay.vishnupad@robertwalters.com
no problem. I just received my copy of the new policy with AIG and will send you proof.
Thanks Jeff. We'll let you know.
,
Andy
Sonjay,
Please give me a call at your convienence.
Thanks,
Andy Zipper
+800 350 2415 Michael Hubley
Jay,
Have received comments that when multi day limit orders are placed, they are not alive after a friday night. I think this might have to do with orders getting wiped out duirng maintenance but I wanted to alert you to this.
AZ
I asked Steve and here is what he sent me.
Hi Andy and happy new year 
I chose one in NJ for my own use.
I did get some recommendations from some other people that were NY lawyers:
Jerry Solomon at Gallet, Dryer & Berkey 212-935-3131.
I have another somewhere, and I'll try to send it along.
steve
A friend who works in New York asked if I could recommend an attorney who
does Will/Estate preparation. Do you have any recommendations ?
Thanks,
Andy
p.s. Happy New Year 
FYI
Hi Andy,
When it was decided that we would accept multi-day orders, we pointed out to Lavo and John that we do system maintenance for an hour every Friday night.  Their position was anytime we take the system down for any reason, planned or un-planned, we should kill all orders to prevent someone from being unable to cancel an order while the system was down and then having it fill before he can get to it.
We actually have a plan in place to make this much better.  Effectively, we will have dual sites.  The second site will be used both for disaster recovery, as well as a convenient way to manage code releases without an outage.  Unfortunately, purchasing the hardware for this has been put on hold given the present circumstances.
--jay
Jay,
Have received comments that when multi day limit orders are placed, they are not alive after a friday night. I think this might have to do with orders getting wiped out duirng maintenance but I wanted to alert you to this.
AZ
got this from late friday. have you ever heard of him ?
Fuck you, you piece of shit.  I can't wait to see you
go down with the ship like all the other vermin.
Smug, paranoid, unhappy mother fucker.
Eat shit.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! GeoCities - quick and easy web site hosting, just $8.95/month.
Thanks for the note. Let's talk real soon.
Thanks.
thanks. good luck.
The Lions win !    The Lions win !
Break up the Lions 
Andy
A friend who works in New York asked if I could recommend an attorney who does Will/Estate preparation. Do you have any recommendations ?
Thanks,
Andy
p.s. Happy New Year 
Let me check on it and get back to you. I had mine done in Houston, but I can probably recommend someone.
Happy New Year,
Andy
Thanks !
Have a safe and happy New Year.
Andy
who are you ?
I got it, whatever it was.
Sorry to see the absorption of TQ by APB. I suppose it is all for the best.  Hope that you guys come out of it allright. The irony is that TQ outlived Enron ! Haven't spoken to you in a awhile and hope that all is well with you and your family. Call me when you get a chance to catch up.
for the Holiday Season,
Andy Zipper
See you soon. Will do on the duds.
in Detroit @ 313 881 1166		
Happy Holidays,
Andy
In detroit @ 313 881 1166
Happy Holidays,
Andy
huh ?
Mari,
I will be out Monday thru Wednesday. I will be in from 10:00am Thrus thru Friday.
My cell is (713) 419 0203.
I will be reachable @ (313) 881 1166 through Wednesday.
Happy Holidays,
Andy Zipper
no thank you.
no problem. good luck.
Will do, brother.
Ted,
Try these guys. George is excellent. I don't know much about Balal.
Hope all is going well for you and your bride. I know I owe you a phone call, and I will pay the debt soon.
Best,
Andy
Thanks, John.  You still owe me the list of books that you thought I should read.
George
I will keep in touch.  I have a few contacts in the industry and I will check them out.  It was great knowing you George.  Take care and keep in touch.
John Griffith
(713) 527-8743
I don't have email at home but my address is 1503 A Fairview Houston, TX 77006
I had a great time working with the best option trading team in the energy industry.  What I have learned from you will benefit me a lot in my future career.
I will start looking for a new job.  If your friends in other trading house are looking for a junior trader, please let me know.
Deep in my heart I want to be part of your team.  Count me in when the new company starts hiring people 
Sincerely
George Huan
My contact info:
(713) 682-6005 (H)
(281) 451-5062 (O)
georgehuan@hotmail.com
Hi John,
I hope things are going well for you. Sorry I could not contact you earlier
- had been really busy wrapping up things. Thanks for stopping the other day
and inquiring about me. I have an H-1 visa and have 6 weeks to find a job
after which I will be required to leave the country.
I am attaching a copy of my resume for you to review. I would appreciate
greatly if you could go over it and offer any suggestions on how I can
improve my chances of finding a job.
Thanks,
Bilal
_________________________________________________________________
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos:
- Bilal Bajwa Resume.doc 
I think the note I sent to Steve plus the fact that he came to see me and I told him he was out of line are enough. We will not support the app. It seems kind of draconian to shut off the flow of information. As far as wireless in general it has never been a high priority for me because we never had a commercial basis for proceeding other than "gee, wouldn't this be cool" I think it is time to reassess the wireless angle, in terms of what it would cost to build, who would build it for us, and what we would get from the project. I'm going to ask Dave Forster to do that.
Comments ?
AZ
Let's let Govt. Affairs get some more info before doing anything.
New valuation presentation attached.
Stranger than fiction Trader: John Hodge
User: ericgraffp
Counterparty: Coral Energy Resources L.P.
Product: US Gas Phy  TCO Pool   24May01    USD/MM
Time: 5/23/2001 8:41:22 am
let's discuss.
Talk to Matt Motsinger for that information. He is in charge of the reporting for that.
If we accept, then yes our IPE shares get converted to ICE shares.
yadda yadda yadda 
the c1 guy's note is just more e-commerce blather...I don't know whether he would add any value or not, but would definitely add buzzwords.
Arvind,
Thank you for the note. We are evaluating the potential value that Techspan could bring to Enron. We will contact you when are ready to enter into a dialogue.
Once again thank you for your interest in Enron.
Andy Zipper
Vice President
experian 1-888-397-3742 done conf#3267747298
equifax  1-800-525-6285
transunion  1-800-916-8800
1-800-680-7289
Okay, but you're still sleeping on the couch tonight 
Please see revised market assignments. Addititions are highlighted in blue. 
no interest. thanks.
ok
I don't know.
I need to meet with GM from 12:30 to 2:00, so the early offsite slot works for me. Thanks.
Can you schedule and send out the following note to the EnronOnline origination group:
"Please attend an origination meeting on Tuesday, May 29  from 8:30 to 10:00. The focus of this meeting will doing a walkthrough of an EnronOnline demo for both EnronOnline hosted products and X-online hosted environments. This demo will cover all relevant functionality of the system, similar to what we have been presenting to GM et al."
Send to:
Dave Forster
Michael Bridges
Bob Shults
Dan Diamond
Jake Staffel
John Allario
John Pavetto
Mike Haney
Leonardo Pacheco
Carl Carter
Okay. It wil be Bob Shults. I will put him in contact with Joe.
Please call Joe Robertson of enron Metals in NY to discuss market-making deal with the COMEX.
I would like one of your guys to join Joe Robertson.  Joe knows the contract and the market.  Your guy knows the system and our vision for EOL/market making.  You name the guy.
Joe
Mike,
There are lots of issues around this sort of deal, who do want to negotiate this ? you or us ?
this is the underlying deal. it needs work and i am not sure we would do it. also, no straight through processing would be allowed for our deals.
Mike
I attach a letter of intent which I hope covers all the points we discussed this morning. On the basis that you asked for a memorandum of understanding the attached draft is fairly legalistic in tone. If you wanted something more informal let me know.
Paul - let me know if you have any comments.
Jonathan
I AGREE WITH KAL.
I believe the attached note accurately summarizes our position. We do not see anything changing. The deal remains terminated for the reasons below.
On May 22, 2001 HoustonStreet representatives (Frank Getman, John Wyman and David Cuadros) came to Enron to give us a demonstration of the gas interfaces.  HoustonStreet was allowed to load the required .cab files on the demonstration computers prior to the demonstration.  HoustonStreet provided us with a script to follow relative to the demonstration as well as a list of test and production mappings.  During the demonstration we experienced the following:
1 - 8 second delays between a price update on EnronOnline and a price update on HoustonStreet.  With just five products active we experienced a delay of up to 5 seconds.  Due to the delay in price updates, transaction attempts on the HoustonStreet platform resulted in a high percentage of failed transactions with Enron.
When we activated Product ID 16612 (US Gas Basis PEPL Jun-Oct01) the product showed up on EnronOnline but did not show up on HoustonStreet.  HoustonStreet provided us with a list of products which had been mapped in the test environment and this product was included on the list.  HoustonStreet indicated that they had verified the mapping of all the products on this list.  We reviewed the mapping of this product by Enron and confirmed that it was active and mapped.  Incorrect mapping of products has the potential of allowing transactions to occur with mismatched product types.
When we attempted to transact on Product ID 16600 (US Gas Basis NGI Chicago Jun-Oct01) we were unable to complete a transaction even when the bid and offer prices were not changing.  These transaction attempts should have resulted in successful transactions.  We also experience instances where the bid and/or offer price would disappear after a failed transaction attempt and not reappear even thought the price was still present on EnronOnline.  In many cases the price would disappear for up to 30 seconds or more.  Although we did not witness any incorrect transactions, general functionality failure may or may not result in incorrect transactions.  At a minimum this type of behavior would result in frustration on the part of the counterparty when a transaction attempt results in a failure with no subsequent price move or a disappearing price.
A review of the transactions we recorded versus the transactions indicated by HoustonStreet reveals some discrepancies.  In an email from John Wyman dated 5/23 (forwarded seperately), John Wyman indicated that they had cleaned their database just prior to 3:00 PM and gave us just the trade count beginning at 14:58 on 5/22.  Although there has not been a deal by deal reconciliation of the trades, we compared our total trade count beginning at 14:58.  If the deal counts do not match this would result in substantial financial exposure.  Below I have highlighted the HoustonStreet transactions by counterparty versus the EnronOnline transaction count:
HSE	EOL
Arizona		 12	 14
Avista		 03	 03
Adams		 17	 19
BP		 57	 58
Total		 89	 94
Based upon my review of the demonstration, I continue to believe there significant potential exposure associated with the HoustonStreet interfaces.
Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@
I declined to review Drew because I feel I haven't really spent a lot of time with him. The times I have worked with him, he has done a great job and been easy to work with.
Let me make this clear: Accenture is not to speak to anyone other than ourselves regarding what they are doing with EnronOnline. We ahve too much at stake right now.
Thanks
AZ
Who and why ?
Yes, and I would you and I to chime in as well.
Vin,
Glad we could hook up yesterday. 
The gist of what we are interested in is providing EnronOnline's liquidity to local NYMEX traders. I would like to explore the concept of NYMEX's clearing corp or another clearer standing in the middle between Enron and these locals. EnronOnline's architecture provides for a Master user, such as a Clearing Corp, to set up as many sub-users (local traders) as it wants. Each sub-user has trading rights as designated and controlled by the master. We would envision the Clearing Corp. handling it credit arrangements with the locals, and negotiating its relationship with Enron. I know this is pretty simple stuff, but every long journey starts with a small step. Please let me your interest in pursuing this sort of arrangement or a variant thereof.
Thanks,
Andy Zipper
Vice President
Enron Corp.
Please review the spreadsheet, and look at Daily Deals Graph.
Justin,
The traders are free to use any platform they like. I do not approve or disapprove; they are in the best position to make that decision. It is EWS policy however that someone from Amita/Lara's group be the master user to montor activity and control what access agreements we accept.
Thanks,
Andy
Lara,
You need to be the master user for the platform. It is EWS policy. Go ahead and get set up and coordinate document acceptance with Justin.
Guys,
Let's get together today to dicuss demo. I would like to demo full capability, including option manager. I think it is very important to also set up an interest rate product, perhaps a swap that is quoted in rate only. No need to convert to dollar ox just yet. Given that the guy who is building their commercial paper platform will be there and seems to be one of the main judges of the merit of EOL I think it behooves us to slant presentation that way.
I'm good from 11:00 to 1:00
Andy
thanks. damned things never work.
millionth trade: eric graff @ Coral, TCO pool day gas, someone on scott neal's desk.
OpenLink is one of the leaders in risk management systems. We used at Coral, and it was then called Abacus. It is strongest in front office risk management. I would view their competition as KioDex. The deal with Duke has been around for awhile.
Frank,
Thank you for bringing your team down to Houston to demonstrate the new version of the system. We appreciate the effort that HoustonStreet has made to upgrade its system, however in our view insufficient progress has been made to change our decision to terminate the Posting Agreement. Once again, thank you the effort your team put in and let's stay touch.
Andy Zipper
I've seen it before. It is Hong Kong Airport and the guy kicked out the crab at the last possible second. He was seconds from riping the gear off.
Mike,
That's fine, but no LOI is to be agreed without EnronOnline's concurrence. If you want to do something without us, go right ahead but if we are to be involved then we need to approve and be involved in the deal from the get go. Bob Shults is contacting Joe in NY as we speak.
Thanks,
Andy Zipper
We will do on Monday morning, but I don't think we need Jay involved.
Kal will be finishing mine shortly. Please be prepared to do the 3 hole punch thing 20 times. Thanks.
REMINDER 
Opening comments start promptly at 8:00 a.m., so please allow plenty of time to arrive at the Houstonian, park and have breakfast.  The Houstonian is located at 111 North Post Oak Boulevard, phone 713-680-2626.  Our meeting will be held in the Cottonwood Room.
Dress code for the day is casual.
If you haven't turned in your presentation yet, please bring 20 copies to the meeting, 3-hole punched at the top.  You will also have to bring your presentation on a CD so I can load it on the laptop.
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
Chief Operating Officer
Enron Net Works LLC
Office 713.853.5746
tina.spiller@
Okay, fair enough. He would be perfect for the role, but I understand what you are trying to accomplish.
what about London ?
It's fine with me.
CAN YOU SEND David Lebow in IR a copy of the above report on electronic commmodity trading. thanks.
Let me if you receive this email.
Vin,
Glad we could hook up yesterday. 
The gist of what we are interested in is providing EnronOnline's liquidity to local NYMEX traders. I would like to explore the concept of NYMEX's clearing corp or another clearer standing in the middle between Enron and these locals. EnronOnline's architecture provides for a Master user, such as a Clearing Corp, to set up as many sub-users (local traders) as it wants. Each sub-user has trading rights as designated and controlled by the master. We would envision the Clearing Corp. handling it credit arrangements with the locals, and negotiating its relationship with Enron. I know this is pretty simple stuff, but every long journey starts with a small step. Please let me your interest in pursuing this sort of arrangement or a variant thereof.
Thanks,
Andy Zipper
Vice President
Enron Corp.
good !
I'll attend briefly, but you can run it.
Greg Whalley has requested a Trader's Meeting tomorrow morning @ 7:45 a.m. (CST).  The meeting will be held in his office, ECS 06752.  The dial-in number for Portland and Calgary is listed below.
Dial-in #		888.285.4585
Host Code:	869944 (Greg)
Participant code:	107058
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
x31935
Epcor Merchant & Capital LLP (formerly Encore)
Contract Contact:	Karen Mikkelborg	phone: (403) 717-8121
Business Contact:	Derek Laishley		phone: (403) 717-4610
fax: (403) 7174601
ENMAX
Business Contact:	Marvin Mah		phone: (403) 514-2078
fax: (403) 514-3024
Credit Contact:		Don O'Brien		phone: (403) 514-2073
TransCanada 
Business Contact:	Gwen Wenstrom	phone: (403) 216-2910
fax: (403) 920-2464
just send the essay at home
I don't know what to do about mom, i don't think fear is the only thing holding her back , i think she is lazy
is there a heart health class in Sudbury that has excercise regimines as well as diets?
when is the last time she saw her doctor
Hi John
How was Thanksgiving?  Was the baby shower fun?
I was wondering if you'd have some time to read over Ali's Chicago essays
later tonight?  He's going to submit them on Wednesday.  Let me know if
that's okay.  Do you have a printer at home?  Can I send them to your home
account?  (I don't think Ali will be done before about 8pm or so tonight).
PS:  We need to talk about mom.  I saw her this weekend -- she's gained a
lot of weight, and hasn't been exercising at all.  Dad's pretty frustrated
because all she does is watch tv.  I had a talk with her yesterday telling
her that she has more risk of having a heart attack if she doesn't walk /
exercise than if she exerts herself when exercising (i think she's afraid
of having a heart attack while exercising).  We need to do something she's 170lbs now, and should be at around 140lbs to be healthy.
Livia
Here's the way to claim your Internet fees as part of the ClickAtHome Canada program.   Internet fees are reimbursed through payroll with the final processing date being December 15th .  Below are the simple steps to claim your Internet fees  up to December 31, 2001 :
(1)  Enter your Internet payment information on the "Clickathome.enron.com/canada" site.  This initially registers you as an Internet user in the ClickAtHome Canada program and then provides the appropriate information to our accounting department for payment.   You can include your Internet fees from the commencement of the program (June 5, 2001) or for pilot program participants from your commencement date to December 31, 2001. 
(2)  Please complete the first step by  December 15th so your claim can be processed and paid on  December 30th through payroll 
(3)  Kindly retain a copy of all your claimed receipts as back-up in the event you are asked by Calgary Accounting to provide it. 
** Can't remember your SAP number??  Use this handy site:  <  (follow the instructions for 'SAP or eHRonline password reset' and then 'click here if you have forgotten your personnel number').   Use your SIN number where it asks for Social Security Number and your all set.
If you need assistance with your registration or have questions about your Internet subsidy, kindly contact  Tricia Henry. 
to this spreadsheet we should add the $64MM cost for increased operating reserves, the $60MM for taxes and fx
Louise,
Attachment as per your conversation with Rob Milnthorp.
ENRON CANADA CORP.
Derek J. Davies
Vice President
here is a spreadsheet that captures the eol price data, an analyst here built it, apparently whenever the price changes in eol it gets sent to a file server and then the macro picks up the new data
i just talked to mom again.  she was super crusty (and even swore!).  i
asked what was wrong, and she said that it's partially about dad, and
partially about the house.  she said dad isn't doing anything around the
house (vacuum, mop) and then she wants to do it, but gets tired.  i told
her i'd get her a maid, and she said no, but i think we should anyway.
what do you think?
yes but not 100% that the merger will close
Hey, so is that Dynery company buying you guys?
John.Zufferli@
I am supposed to talk to her tonight.  What do you think it is?
i think something's wrong with mom...she's totally down in the dumps
(i've
called for the last few days now, and every time she seems depressed)
maybe you should give her a casual call, just to say hi and see what's
up
(but don't make it a big deal, or else she'll pretend she's happy and
everything's okay)
lee
PS:  i went to pottery barn kids the other day....super cute!  how's
your
nursery coming along?
I am supposed to talk to her tonight.  What do you think it is?
i think something's wrong with mom...she's totally down in the dumps (i've
called for the last few days now, and every time she seems depressed)
maybe you should give her a casual call, just to say hi and see what's up
(but don't make it a big deal, or else she'll pretend she's happy and
everything's okay)
lee
PS:  i went to pottery barn kids the other day....super cute!  how's your
nursery coming along?
i think something's wrong with mom...she's totally down in the dumps (i've
called for the last few days now, and every time she seems depressed)
maybe you should give her a casual call, just to say hi and see what's up
(but don't make it a big deal, or else she'll pretend she's happy and
everything's okay)
lee
PS:  i went to pottery barn kids the other day....super cute!  how's your
nursery coming along?
it feels like life at work here is still day to day, we are still having credit issues in buying our gas back, it is difficult to be away for so long,  I don't want to let you down and I feel like a complete heel, but I am terrified
thank you sweetie.  you really are a man who has everything.  The Canadian
Life check is here today.  So no worries.
Have you decided for sure whether you are going to TX or not?  Need to know
re:  basement scheduling.  No pressure but sure am glad you decided to come.
love you, jess
 a fly fishing book, fly-fishing net,