The physical basis offer indication for Dec - March at the City Gate is about $.32.  The fixed price indiation for the 38 month period you mentioned is approximately $4.39.    We need to discuss this structure in detail if you are serious about buying physical gas from us and we also need to get contracts in place. 
Let me know if there is anything else you need.
thanks,
Kim
Kim: 
I'm checking into a  PG&E citygate basis differential for the 4-months Dec.thru March off the  NYMEX for United Cogen in San Franscisco.  Right now, the 4-month  strip is about $3.03/dth. Whoops, make that $3.26/dth.
Also, I'm checking  into a price for a 38 months firm gas supply at the Citygate to run from  6/1/03-7/31/06.  The volume would be in the 5,000-5,500 dth/day  range.  Everything at United was put on hold following the 9/11  disaster.  If you have any  questions, give me a call.  Is now a good time to buy Enron stock?   Hope you're all doing well  
Louis Barton-Project Manager
Henwood Energy Services,  Inc.
1300 Parkwood Circle, Suite  100
Atlanta, GA  30339
Office: (770) 226-8482   ext. 13
Fax: (770)  226-8737LBarton@HESINET.com 
where will you be coming from?
If you go south on Kirby, turn left and travel west on Richmond.  Take the first right onto Lake street.  Go through the first stop sign and I am behind the black iron gate on your left.  My address is 3110 Lake and I am behind 3112 Lake.  Park on the street.  If the car gate is closed, the people gate code is c1984 
See you then -
Kim
sounds great....give me some directions and I'll see you at 6 or so.
We could meet at my house and sit on my patio.  I should stick around until
5:30 or so.  I could be home by 5:45 or 6.  Is that cool?
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your
place?
Brad
of course - where do you want to meet? and what time?
We still on for tomorrow?
What's the plan?
Brad
I am living in an awesome garden home 1 block west of Kirby between
richmond and West Alabama.  Awesome location.  You will have to see it
sometime.  I think I invited you to my housewarming party.  I will just
have to keep your name on the list for future parties.  I never have
customers in town but I have three in next week, including dinner plans
with Tucson Electric on Thursday night.  Maybe the following Thursday?  I
am usually open - let me know.
Kim
Oops.  Moved out of the Heights in April.  Built a place out here in the
stix by Conoco (I-10/Eldridge).  Really miss the food downtown and being
able to go to a game or a happy hour easily.  Where are you living these
days?  Lets grab a beer.  Whats going on next Thursday?
I thought you lived in the Heights?  Shows how much I know!  Don't know of
any specific happy hours but it seems as if there is always something going
on.  I'm not hooked into the broker market so I'm sure you hear about more
happenings than me!  Let me know when you are around and maybe we can get
some people together for a beer.
K.
Just tryin' to make a buck. I got back from a Mexico dove hunt yesterday
that was awesome!  We haven't seen alot of slowdown in the business
(thankfully) but the economy will back a little demand off the market.
Hoping the low price will continue to offset that and get prices moving up
in the next few months.
Don't get into town much since I live and work in east San Antonio.  Any
happy hours worth coming into town for?
Hey, just workin and playin.  No planned vacations!  What's new with you?
How's work?  Things here have slowed down somewhat.  Hope that's not a bad
sign for next year!  What have you been up to?  Haven't seen you about town
at all.
Hey stranger, whats going on?
  I received this email today from a very good friend of mine who has a
 lot of close friends from India.  This letter is to one of those close
 friends.  I don't know if I should pass it around but I want everyone
 I know to be aware.