Vince
Dear Dr.Kaminski,
it has been a long time since I contacted you so I was wondering if
my resume had been considered for an internship in your group.
I will appreciate it very much if you let me know when I should expect
to learn about a decision on the issue.
Thank you for you time.
Sincerely,
Konstantin.
Department of Physics,        |    5012 Duval St, Apt.206
University of Texas @ Austin, |    Austin, TX 78751, U.S.A.
RLM 7.316, Austin, TX 78712  U.S.A.         |    phone: 001 (512)374-1097
Jonathan,
Sounds familiar?
Vince
HOUSTON - Enron Corp. hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in=20
Houston.  Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, opened the=20
conference by highlighting Enron=01,s tremendous growth across all businesses=20
and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade.
Enron presented key objectives for 2000:
? Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses.
? Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services.
? Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services.
Enron=01,s ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a=20
recurring theme throughout the day.
Wholesale Energy Business
Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services,=20
Enron=01,s largest business.  Wholesale energy growth in North America is=20
expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the=20
United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large=20
energy consumers.  Enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across=20
the European continent as markets quickly open to competition.  Finally,=20
Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as=20
Japan, where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity=20
provider in March 2000.
EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are=20
generated through this innovative, Internet-based transaction system.  Over=20
450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline and over 10,000=20
transactions have been completed since its introduction in late November=20
1999.  Yesterday, EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with=20
over 700 transactions, representing a notional value of $250 million. =20
Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than=20
costs associated with traditional transaction methods.
Enron=01,s Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with=20
expansions planned or underway on several of its systems.
Retail Energy Services
With over 16,500 facilities under management, the infrastructure is in place=20
to service customers worldwide.  As the strong contracting momentum=20
continues, Enron Energy Services is poised to rapidly increase earnings in=20
2000.  Enron Energy Services=01, goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts=20
representing $16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and=20
energy services, nearly double the level in 1999.
Enron Broadband Services
The new name of Enron=01,s communications business, Enron Broadband Services,=20
reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband=20
services.  Enron is deploying an open, flexible global broadband network=20
controlled by software intelligence, which precludes the need to invest in a=20
traditional point-to-point fiber network.  This Enron Intelligent Network is=20
widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to=20
Internet service providers, thus providing the platform for two new Enron=20
business centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery.
A direct transfer of Enron=01,s core market making and risk management skills=20
from its energy businesses, bandwidth intermediation will provide=20
capacity-holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible, low cost=20
capacity.  Enron will also provide premium broadband content services, such=20
as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband file transfer, with=20
differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based business model.
As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached an agreement with Sun=20
Microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband Internet=20
services.
Enron is one of the world=01,s leading electricity, natural gas and=20
communications companies.  The company, which owns approximately $34 billion=20
in energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas,=20
develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers=20
physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers=20
around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to=20
facilitate online business.  Enron=01,s Internet address is www.enron.com, and=20
the stock is traded under the ticker symbol, =01&ENE.=018
##
This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of=20
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities=20
Exchange Act of 1934. Although Enron believes that its expectations are based=20
on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will be=20
achieved.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ=20
materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include=20
political developments in foreign countries, the ability to penetrate new=20
wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and broadband services markets,=20
including the energy outsource market, in the United States and Europe, the=20
timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil, natural gas,=20
electricity and those relating to broadband services and content, the timing=20
and effect of changes in interest rates, the timing and success of Enron=01,s=20
efforts to develop domestic and international power, pipeline,=20
communications, internet-related and other infrastructure projects, and=20
conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods=20
covered by the forward looking statements.
=20
Rick & Ted,
One more thing to watch. California power prices next  summer.
We see the possibility of higher prices and of spikes (bad hydro conditions
in California, growing demand for power).
Vince
Mark,
I have an inquiry from a publishing house who are preparing a book on the 
world power markets.
They wanted us to sponsor it (at the cost of 19,000 pounds) but the reaction 
from our power desks
was  lukewarm.
They are offering us an opportunity to advertise in this publocatio.
I am attaching the message with the terms.
Vince
Dear Mr, Kaminski,
I have two advertising positions to offer you as follows:
1. Outside Back Cover  (plus 200 personalised books)     o6,950.00
2. Inside Front Cover Spread (plus 200 personalised books)     o7,950.00
Please let me know which (if any) options you prefer.
Kind 
Anna Liza
Sales Director
WorldPower
Suite 16, Imperial Studios
London, SW6 2AG
United Kingdom
info@commodities-now.com
www.commodities-now.com
Tel:  + 44 (0) 171 736 0774
Fax: + 44 (0) 171 736 1196
- att1.htm
Steve,
A very good spec.
Vince
Steven Leppard
01/20/2000 06:29 AM
To be circulated around some university departments we know.
Steve
Larry,
The copy of the article I mentioned to you.
Vince
FYI
Vince
Zimin Lu
05/02/2001 02:24 PM
Vince,
In the morning we were talking about the El Paso candidate who thinks he is 
above something and is not
willing to take certain project or responsibility.   In real life, we also 
occasionally have similar stiuation. (an
example is attached).
I would like to have your guidance when such a situation occurs 
Zimin
Zimin Lu
05/02/2001 01:41 PM
Our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the 
documentation.  It does not make sense
to write one when changes are anticipated.  You have been working on this 
almost a year, it never 
strikes you that we need a documentation 
I created Exotica.xll, does that also give you an excuse not working on 
Exotica documentation 
Zimin 
Paulo Issler
05/02/2001 11:52 AM
I am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready.
I can make that for you. It is not there because you did not put that 
together by the time it was created and all the changes I have made did not 
required changes on the functionality.
Paulo Issler
Zimin Lu
05/02/2001 11:29 AM
Tai Woo,
Here are the c-codes for the CrudeAPO.  'Sig' is the spot
volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period. 
You should consult  with Pavel for the definition of this "extra" 
parameters.   We 
would like to see the Position Monitor once you get it running.
We might have some additional suggestions.
Paulo,
Why don't we have a documentation on CrudeAPO you worked on ?
I can not find it in Exotica help file.   Please supply that to Tai, thanks.
This morning, Zimin told me that Pavel is using a special model in evaluating 
his Asian option portfolio. 
He asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that I can see 
the difference made to the model.
As I cannot find the doc. describing this model, please tell me what that new 
input parameter 'Sig' is.
Thanks,
Kevin Kindall@
03/15/2001 10:51 AM
Larry,
The copy of the article I mentioned.
Vince
Mike,
Just got it this morning. An area to focus on.
Vince
webmaster@cera.com on 01/20/2000 04:04:48 PM
Title: Briefing Note: Demand Overtakes Hydro in 2000
Author: Moritzburke, Zenker, Snyder
E-Mail Category: Alert
Product Line: California Energy ,
URL 
Western energy markets are starting the new year with precipitation 
conditions that suggest a repeat of 1999's hydroelectric conditions: 
near-normal snowpacks in the Pacific Northwest and Canada and low snowpacks 
in California. More significantly, even if snowpacks remain high in the 
Pacific Northwest, normal demand growth coupled with normal runoff patterns 
in the second and third quarters of 2000 would
*  reinforce the likelihood that gas prices will again set the floor for 
on-peak power prices
*  keep differentials across western power markets narrow
*  support higher power prices and increase volatility as gas-fired 
generation is run more intensively to meet demand in a market with tightening 
capacity margins
From 1999 to 2000, natural gas demand will swing upward by nearly 1,200 
million cubic feet (MMcf) per day in the third quarter in response to a 
return to normal hydroelectric output and demand growth. Gas price increases 
will follow from this increased demand. Although differentials between Topock 
and the Henry Hub during the third quarter of last year averaged only $0.05 
per MMBtu above the Henry Hub price, CERA expects to see differentials this 
year averaging around $0.25 per MMBtu above Henry. This stronger western 
demand should also narrow differentials between the Henry Hub and the San 
Juan Basin, and to a lesser extent, between Henry and the Permian Basin.
Western Snowpack and Hydro Capacity: A Subregional Story
Since the beginning of winter the Pacific Northwest has received normal 
precipitation, with greater snowpacks in the northern part of that region 
than in the southern part. California currently lags behind historical 
precipitation levels at roughly 26 percent of average (see Figure 1). Given 
current conditions, it is possible that California will end winter at 
below-average hydroelectric conditions.
Western hydroelectric facilities are concentrated in Oregon, Washington, and 
British Columbia, which contain over 75 percent (roughly 46,500 megawatts 
[MW]) of the Western Systems Coordinating Council's (WSCC's) hydroelectric 
capacity, producing 80 percent (roughly 253,500 gigawatt-hours [GWh]) of the 
region's total hydroelectric generation in an average year (see Figure 2 Because of this high concentration of facilities, above-average precipitation 
in the Pacific Northwest can help to offset below-average precipitation in 
California and other parts of the West, although transfer capabilities limit 
the amount of energy exported from those regions.
Power Markets for 2000: Building on 1999 Dynamics
Despite hydroelectric output that was 15 percent higher than average in 1999, 
western power prices reflected the cost of gas-fired generation resources 
during nearly all periods of the year. This was a greater proportion of the 
year than in 1998 even though hydroelectric production in 1998 was only 95 
percent of 1999 levels.* CERA expects several factors to strengthen this 
dynamic in 2000, assuming normal weather conditions:
*  Western demand growth. Normal weather and economic growth will increase 
regional demand by roughly 2 percent in 2000. Growth will be strongest in the 
second and third quarters, at 6 percent and 3.5 percent, respectively, adding 
9,000 GWh of demand in the second quarter, followed by 6,000 GWh in the third.
*  Return to normal hydroelectric production levels and patterns. Not only 
was 1999 hydroelectric production above normal, but 1999 Pacific Northwest 
runoff was prolonged by cool weather in the second and third quarters. Normal 
runoff dynamics in 2000 would remove roughly 6,500 MW of hydro capacity from 
the Pacific Northwest resource stack from the second to the third quarters 
(see Figure 3). By contrast, Pacific Northwest hydroelectric capacity was 
depleted by an estimated 3,000 MW from the second to the third quarters in 
1999 as a result of slower snowpack melt. This provided unseasonably high 
hydroelectric availability in the Pacific Northwest through the third and 
fourth quarters. The combination of reduced hydroelectric availability in a 
normal-weather year in 2000, a shifting of hydroelectric production back to a 
second quarter peak, and higher West-wide demand will increase the pull on 
nonhydroelectric generation resources (see Figure 4).
*  Energy exports to California. Sustained hydroelectric availability in 1999 
in the Pacific Northwest allowed exports from the region to California to 
remain strong through the third and fourth quarters, with exports at 150 and 
290 percent of normal, respectively. Exports added roughly 1,400 average 
megawatts (aMW) above average--and as much as 2,000 aMW in August--to 
California's resource base throughout the year. For 2000, CERA expects normal 
hydroelectric exports to average roughly 2,000 aMW (total of 17,500 GWh) 
during the year and 2,400 aMW (total of 5,300 GWh) in the third quarter (see 
Figure 5).
In 2000 the combination of normal load growth, normal spring and summer 
weather, and reduced hydroelectric availability will cause capacity margins 
to shrink, particularly in California (see Figure 6). The impact on power and 
gas prices will be
*  Higher average power prices. Lower average streamflows will diminish the 
output of run-of-river hydroelectric facilities during peak summer demand 
periods. As runoff dwindles into the summer, production from reservoir-fed 
facilities is available for a decreasing period of the on-peak hours. Other 
generation resources, particularly gas-fired, will be used to meet demand 
during a growing number of shoulder and off-peak hours in 2000. On-peak power 
prices will be driven higher by the increased use of gas-fired generation 
during shoulder hours. Off-peak power prices will respond to the greater 
reliance on gas-fired generation during those hours.
*  Higher average gas prices. Gas demand for power generation is expected to 
increase by 600 MMcf per day on average in 2000 and by up to 1,200 MMcf per 
day in the third quarter. This will contribute to price strength in western 
gas markets and to the higher costs of generating power.
Natural Gas Market
Although the effects of a return to normal hydro conditions become most 
evident in the third quarter as overall generation loads increase, CERA 
expects that some decline in hydroelectric output relative to last year is 
already causing a modest increase in gas demand in California. Although 
January West Coast weather has been comparable to last year, flows into 
California are up by 300 MMcf per day so far this month; storage withdrawals 
are up on a year-over-year basis as well. Based on the lower snowpack and 
lower average precipitation in California this month relative to last 
January, in-state hydroelectric generation explains approximately 400 MMcf 
per day of increased gas demand.
Normal hydroelectric generation this year will likely bring a 250 MMcf per 
day increase in western gas demand for power generation during the first 
quarter. Early indications of normal-to-above-normal snowpack and 
precipitation in the Pacific Northwest should center these increases in 
California.
This modest demand increase has helped support prices in the western markets, 
with regional weather differences contributing to western strength as well. 
Weather in both the United States as whole and the West averaged 10 percent 
warmer than normal during December, but during January temperatures in the 
West averaged only 8 percent warmer than normal while temperatures in the 
United States averaged 30 percent below normal.
Western Regional Prices
Over the next two months as seasonal heating loads within the West begin to 
tail off and hydroelectric generation increases modestly, differentials 
between western producing basins and the Henry Hub should widen. At the same 
time, as required flows into California decline, the Topock premium above 
Henry Hub prices should decline, with prices eventually falling below the Hub 
price. However, with normal weather in the West, that general weakening in 
western prices will likely take place toward the end of February and into 
March. Given the warm January, CERA expects heating load to decline by only 
400 MMcf per during February. Loads look sufficient to sustain western 
differentials near current levels.
California
As more normal winter weather takes hold in the East, prices should increase 
in that market relative to California. So far this month, strong flows into 
the state have held Topock differentials around $0.10 per MMBtu relative to 
the Henry Hub. During February flows into the state are expected to decline 
somewhat as heating demand begins to decline. Table 1 shows expected flows 
into California for winter 1999/2000 compared with winter 1998/1999. That 
weakening in the Topock differential is limited, however. Expected lower 
storage inventories in California relative to last year, as well as a low 
upside to eastern prices, should keep Topock prices from falling more than 
$0.05 per MMBtu below the Henry Hub during February. Topock prices are 
expected to maintain a $0.03 per MMBtu premium to the Henry Hub price (see 
Table 2).
Pacific Northwest
Although some cold weather in the Pacific Northwest has held Malin prices 
close to Topock prices during January, CERA expects the Malin price to weaken 
relative to Topock during February--and more dramatically in March. Two 
factors are expected to contribute to this weakening:
*  Hydroelectric output. Although February will bring a decline in heating 
load in both the Pacific Northwest and California regions, gas will receive 
some support from decreased hydroelectric generation relative to last year in 
California. In the Pacific Northwest gas demand is limited during spring even 
in normal hydroelectric generation conditions.
*  Canadian flows. Flows to the West Coast on Pacific Gas Transmission during 
the first quarter of 1999 dropped from an average of 2.6 Bcf per day during 
1998 to 2.4 Bcf per day as Canadian supplies headed into the Midwest on the 
Northern Border expansion. This year, given the year-over-year increase in 
Canadian supply, those flows into the Pacific Northwest should rebound to 
1998 levels.
The Topock-Malin differential so far this month has averaged only $0.06 per 
MMBtu. During the first quarter of 1999, that differential averaged $0.09 per 
MMBtu. Because of the forces described above, CERA expects a wider 
differential--$0.13 per MMBtu--this February.
Rocky Mountains
Similar forces will drive a widening in Rocky Mountain prices relative to 
prices in the south. Regional Rockies supplies are likely to increase as 
regional demand declines--although warm January weather will limit declines 
to 100 MMcf per day during February. The decline in heating load in the 
Pacific Northwest, with continued strong Canadian imports, will allow 
increased exports from the Pacific Northwest into the Rocky Mountain region 
on Northwest pipeline--similar to 1998 conditions. Within the Rockies, supply 
builds continue in the Powder River Basin; the new Fort Union and Thunder 
Creek gathering systems are now delivering a total of approximately 100 MMcf 
per day into the Rocky Mountain interstate pipeline system. Rockies 
differentials to the Henry Hub should average $0.25 per MMBtu during February.
Southwest
As demand declines and supply builds in the Rocky Mountains, CERA expects the 
spread between Rocky Mountain and San Juan Basin prices to increase slightly, 
but for February, Rockies heating load will likely keep the prices close. 
Although the differential between the two basins has averaged $0.03 this 
month and held at less than $0.05 during December, a $0.05 per MMBtu spread 
appears likely for February. This slight increase marks only the beginning of 
a wider divergence. CERA expects the differential between the two basins to 
widen to over $0.15 per MMBtu this summer as San Juan prices gain support 
from strong demand in California power markets.
**end**
Follow URL for PDF version of this Alert with associated tables and graphics.
Please note: should a link not occur using the above URL, please use the 
following:
Terms of Use Questions/Comments: webmaster@cera.com
Vernon,
Please, take a look at it.
Vince
Robert Brooks  Please respond to "rebrooks@rbac.com"  Happy New Year, GPCM Licensees and Evaluators!
Today I've returned to my office to find our computers working just fine,
thank you.  I hope yours are likewise operational.
In today's e-mail, I received a note from Skipping Stone about a new
service that would be possibly of interest to your traders.
The service seems to involve consolidation of the various pipeline EBBs
continuous updates of capacity release information into a comprehensive
report of available, biddable capacity deals.
Though this information might not be particularly crucial for GPCM users,
it very well might be of interest to your trading organizations.
Here's the website info 
By the way, we are working on a new website dedicated to GPCM.  We would
like to get some feedback on what we have currently and what you would like
to see there to help you improve your GPCM operation.
It's not been "prettified" yet, but you can see a pre-release version at
Bob Brooks
Shirley,
No problem.
Vince
Shirley Crenshaw
01/20/2000 02:49 PM
Vince:
I would like to take Tuesday, January 25 as a vacation day if possible.
Thanks!
George,
This is the first cut at the problem you gave us, done by my associate 
Clayton Vernon.
Please, feel free to call him with any question. Your friend should check 
what were the sermons
he gave on April 19 and April 25, in 1998 and 1999, respectively. 
Vince
Clayton Vernon@
01/20/2000 10:56 AM
Vince-
Here is an analysis of the fund giving at the church.
First off, it appears from the data that a special "appeal" for fund giving 
was made (from the pulpit?) on April 19, 1998 and April 25, 1999, (perhaps 
tied rhetorically into Income Taxes?). Then, by going back and incorporating 
obvious dates from the calendars for 1997-1999, the following regression 
analysis is made, where each effect is added independently:
giving this Sunday = $4403
+ a minor $3 weekly time trend (i.e., multiply by the number of weeks since 
Jan. 5, 1997)
+ no pure effect from last week's contributions (i.e., denies first-order 
autoregressive effects)
+ $2426 if Easter Sunday or the Sunday nearest Christmas
+ $9695 if (pastoral appeal) April 19,1998 or April 25,1999
- $340 if the Sunday falls on the weekend of a Monday Federal holiday
- $50 if the Sunday following Thanksgiving
- $73  if a Summer weekend (June 1 thru August 31)
The pure time trend is very small, so an annual projection based on all 3 
years data would be for giving to increase only a minor amount ($150) for 
2000 assuming a similar appeal for giving is made this April.
Clayton
bradley romine Bradley Romine
EES/OR Stanford University
bradley@leland.stanford.edu
Professor Bambos,
3pm on Wed. is fine with them. So I'll see you then in your office
in terman.
Brad
On Thu, 20 Jan 2000, Nick Bambos wrote:
 Brad,