Gary
was this necessary?
Enron Market Claims Trading Corp. 
This corporation was incorporated in Texas on May 1, 2001.  Particulars are: 
Parent Company: Enron Global Markets LLC - 100% 
Business:       To serve as one of two beneficiaries of a special purpose vehicle trust (to be formed to purchase certain insurance claims against certain insurance companies, such claims then to be sold, redeemed or commuted to such insurance companies).
Shares: Authorized - 10,000 Common, 
$1.00 par value, Issued - 1,000 
Directors and Officers: See Attachment 
Employees:      No 
Foreign Qualifications: None 
Company No.:    1604-EMCTC 
Please circulate this information to all interested parties within your group. 
For more information, see attached Corporate Data Sheet. 
PLEASE NOTE: 
Sarah Bruck - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail (sent previously) 
Selma Reyna - please apply for FEIN 
Sylvia Hu - Minute Book and two seals have been ordered 
Lillian R. Bailey 
Administrator 
Corporate Services 
EB4863 
Phone 713/853-3577 
Fax 713/646-8007 
lillian.bailey@ 
don't know.  we'll see.
Does this mean that Rice is leaving immediately.
John
I regret to inform you that Ken Rice and Kevin Hannon have decided to leave Enron to pursue other opportunities.  Most recently, Ken had been assisting in the transition of Enron Broadband Services to Wholesale Services.  Kevin recently left Broadband Services to lead our Global Assets business.
In addition to building a wholesale model for the trading of bandwidth as a commodity, Ken and Kevin made significant contributions to the development of our wholesale business.  I am grateful to both of them for their outstanding service to Enron.
I am pleased to announce that effective immediately Stan Horton, chairman and CEO of Enron Transportation Services, will assume additional leadership responsibility as chairman and CEO of Enron Global Assets, excluding the South American merchant business, which will continue to report to John Lavorato.  Stan is a 28-year veteran of the company with a proven track record of outstanding results.  Enron Global Assets will continue to function as a separate unit headed by President and Chief Operating Officer Jim Hughes, who will report to Stan.
Please join me in supporting Stan in his expanded role and in wishing Ken and Kevin the very best of success in their new endeavors.
I'm sorry I haven't been more involved is setting this up, but I think the agenda looks kond of soft.  At a minimum, I would like to turn the schedule around and hit the hard subjects like Q3, risk management, and asset sales first.  I would also like to see a discussion on our funds flow, cash flow, and our balance sheet.  If we don't get these things right, none of the rest of it matters.
Also, I notice that Cindy Olson and Beth Tilney are in attendance.  This should only be for presentation, as they are not members of the management committee.  It also seems a bit unusual to have Beth Tilney present for a discussion on company image and presentation, and not have Mark Palmer.
Please refer to the attached agenda for the offsite meeting scheduled Thursday, September 6 - Friday, September 7.  Since all discussions will be informal, PowerPoint presentations are not necessary.    Please let me know if you need a room for Wednesday evening.
The Woodlands Resort & Conference Center 
2301 N. Millbend Drive 
The Woodlands, TX  77380 
Phone:  281-367-1100 
Fax:  281-364-6299 
Thanks, 
Joannie 
3-1879 
reading todays comments, i guess i'm one of the not ready for prime time players !!  can't you make them say nice things about me?  i could get my feelings hurt here.  i must say that i'm glad to here that i am "very young 
we were trying to get an extension on the oz deal.  did we get it?
we need to figure out what the schedule is on this deal and i would like to spend some more time on the pricing  
i am going to have a problem with this claims trading meeting in the morning.  we may need to postpone.
=09=09=09=09
=09I have long thought that the PRC Process needs to be changed in order to better provide the appropriate feedback and motivation as well as rewards that a good review process should.  I hope you will consider my thoughts carefully since I have had active involvement in the process from its inception and believe that I can offer some advice that should be considered. =20
=09It appears that the results of the process have become too demoralizing to the employee being reviewed.  Even those that do well are suspicious of the process and don't particularly like it.  It causes a great deal of stress on employees and creates an atmosphere of cynicism among the people that should be supportive of it.  There is a belief that the process is arbitrary and that no one gets a fair hearing based on their performance but rather the results are skewed by the negotiating skills and argumentative success of any particular reviewer.  The biggest single complaint seems to be the fact that an employee can be told after one review period that they are excellent and six months later be told they are only satisfactory or worse.  While the employee's performance may have suffered during that period of time, the message that they hear is not necessarily that their performance has declined but rather that they as an individual are not valued and are not as good as they were six months earlier.  We are mixing the message between the worth of the individual and the results of their performance.  The following is my recommendation to improve on this system:
=09SEPARATE THE PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES INTO THREE MAJOR CATEGORIES  =20
=09
=091.  Employee Skill, Competency and Character  - This category measures a persons inherent skill, talent, intelligence and commitments to Enron's values.  This determinant should not change drastically between each review period since it measures whats inside a person and that should only change slowly or with the development of new skills or the hiring of new and better qualified employees.  In this category a person could be told whether they are excellent or superior or average and know that they have an opportunity to improve on that ranking through their own effort while also realizing that we are continually trying to raise the bar with new hires.  This particular performance measurement is also a measure of the success of our hiring and training program.
=092.  Employee Performance - This a measure of how well an employee is performing the tasks of any particular job.  This measure could fluctuate much more than the first since each person's performance can vary greatly over time based on many different circumstances.  This measure would also distinguish those employees who may not be considered to have the best skills or greatest intelligence but who through sheer hard work and determination are outstanding performers.  It should also help identify those who are under performing and not living up to their potential as measured by the first category.  This category also measures our skill as managers and leaders of people since it is often the managers job to motivate people to perform above and beyond their own capability.
=093.  Results - This is a measure of the financial performance and result of the effort of any individual employee.  I believe this criteria is most suited to the commercial employees and should be the major determining factor (but not the only on) in annual bonus payments.  This should be closely correlated to the Job Performance criteria but it may not always be since some people may be working on a long term project which has a payback at some future date or in the other extreme someone could have lucked out by being in the right place at the right time and gaining the benefit from it without the appropriate effort.
=09In addition to these three categories I would also reduce the Job Descriptions that are included in the PRC process.  I think it is a waste of time to include clerks,  assistants, accounting personnel and other non manager commercial support people in the process.  Very little is gained by them or by management and a tremendous amount of stress and ill will is created.  I would also reduce the amount of time spent on the PRC at mid year and only focus on the first two performance categories at that time.  I would also change the time when the PRC review is done since now it happens in the summer when many people are trying to scheduled vacations and at year end when there is so much other business activity going on.  I think a March, September schedule would work much better.
=09There are probably many other ideas to improve the PRC process and I am sure that you are working on them.  Please give my ideas some thought and see if they don't merit some consideration 
got your message on cta.   it usually gets picked up in the analysis, but i guess tax usually does too.  this tax issue seemed to surprise everyone.  hopefully we can get a handle on the true impact of any sales soon by the way, i guess ken told someone today that we would make the numbers.  we need to be careful until we know what the numbers are.
are you around on wednesday?  we should talk about a few things.
are you putting together an analysis and recommendation on the new goodwill rules?  i would like to get together to talk about this next week.
go ahead with fallon's guaranteed bonus proposal
who sends out messages like these?  what is the current policy?  does this mean that deleted items are kept, or just saved ones?  30 days is a really long time!!!1
Please be advised that effective Monday, September  10, 2001, the retention policy for all voice mails will be 30 days. 
yes, this is the reason i was looking for him.  i will try to see him in london.  i also talked to sally and will follow up with another meeting.  jay webb seems to be okay  
I just saw this e-mail and I assume this is why you were looking for Mark on our floor a few minutes ago.  He is in London this week.
Mark wanted to talk to Mr. Lay and I encouraged him to talk to you instead.  I assured Mark not to read too much in to the omission and that you told me you valued technology and operations, but I still think he is somewhat concerned.
Sally is still somewhat concerned as well but she and I had lunch and she is fine.
I assure you I have taken you at your word and I am moving on.
GP
Greg/Mark,
Firstly, many congratulations on your promotions, you are the best guys for the job.
I spoke to Greg Piper yesterday about his conversation with you over the management committee and would like to add my comments. I would appreciate your feedback on this and would also ask that you pass it by Ken.
I saw the recent message about the formation of the new Enron management committee. With Jeff's recent departure I understand the need to quickly reassure the shareholders, analysts and employees that we have great strength in management depth.
Given this I was surprised that there was no representation of Enron Net Works on the committee. I'm sure you will have wanted to keep the group to a manageable size, but I think that you should have at least included our CEO, Greg Piper. Here's why:
1)      EnronOnline is probably the best eCommerce application in the World. Enron have publicly milked the praise for this flagship IT system, and it is now core to Enron's trading business globally. Undoubtedly this system will be driven by the business in a multitude of directions as we seek to use it to our advantage in the future. We therefore need to be where the decisions are made.
2)    EnronOnline is only one of many world class IT systems we have developed at Enron. It gets the headlines because it is externally facing, however, all of the other internally facing systems are driven by the business too. There are things we can do and things we can't. We need to be represented at the management committee to ensure that the many management decisions that rely on IT are made with clear understanding of the IT implications.
3)    Many progressive and innovative companies now view IT as the backbone of their organisation (I think we have said this a number of times in public) and ensure there is board level IT representation in the company. Analysts will look at Enron and ask why we are not the same, especially given EnronOnline.
4)    Enron Net Works will be spending about $750,000,000 of Enron's money in 2002.
5)    Two and a half thousand Enron Net Works employees will already have read the management memo and will be asking why Enron Net Works is the only Enron unit not represented at the top. They will be asking what this tells them about their management (Greg and I) and also be wondering if they are again to be second-class Enron citizens. In this post-Skilling period, we need to be motivating our employees, not putting more doubts into their minds.
6)    Whilst keeping the management committee to mainly the larger revenue generating units, I see that there is representation from Accounts, Legal, Controls. IT should be up there too.
Thanks for taking the time to read this and I hope that it may make you reconsider having Greg Piper in the commitee.
MRP
we're making some headway.  get me a copy of your contact list, and annotate those who have traded.  let's try and get a meeting next week.
Greg, 
I just wanted to give you an update on where we stand mid way through the quarter. 
Total           Avg. # of               Avg. #          Avg. 
Cntprty.                Trading Cntprty.                of Trades       Volume 
Q2                  32                  9                       208              9,612,422 
Q3 (to date)        41                 14                       286             12,988,889 
-Dan 
we need to be really careful with a decision to get closer to the company, notwithstanding our fiduciary responsibility.  i do agree with either getting in or out.  we should either get more active, or abandon our board seats and get some distance.
Mark, The word on the street is that the NewPower folks are getting further in trouble (ie) strange trading activity, etc. Looks and smells a little like the old EES.
Couple of opps:
- get another shareholder on-side and demand an Enron led audit to confirm financial and operating health;
- followed up by hostile exit of mgt team if significant issues arise.
Issues:
- obviously pushes us into another level of complicity/fiduciary in a blow up or bankruptcy not unlike the issues we faced with Kafus et al; however, given our continued interest a significant control issue could result in a significant acceleration of a write-off of our existing position plus any outstanding credit.
I would recommend we force the management team to submit to a detailed audit as a part of a united shareholder iniative - Lets discuss.
Rick Buy, what is our current credit position?
Greg/John, do you have a view on this one?
Rick Causey, we  probably need a more "permanent solution" ot the NewPower issue.
Delainey
let me know when and i'll see if i can make it.  you should call greg piper too.
Greg--I spoke to Bo Collins and he is interested in getting together with Enron. He is travelling to Houston next week and will get back to me soon about his schedule for a meeting at our offices. 
jim hughes also knows him well and sent me a message about a dinner he is having with bo soon.  i told him to mention that we would be happy to discuss the interaction between eol and enymex.  if you talk to him soon, relay the same message.
Comments? 
I recently met Robert "Bo" Collins, the new President of the NYMEX and formerly with El Paso. Bo is keenly aware that the NYMEX has fallen down in two areas--first, catering too much to the locals, while ignoring their true customer base and secondly, not following through with the eNYMEX rollout. Bo along with Vincent Viola, the new Chairman of the NYMEX are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately. Personally, I think there is a chance that EnronOnline could partner with the NYMEX and it could benefit both. Obviously, they need us far more than we need them, but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the NYMEX management. Is this something of interest and if so, should we follow up? Bo and Vince will be in Houston in late August for a NYMEX cocktail party at ROCC and I could arrange a meeting at Enron. 
i don't know what this is about, but i thought i'd send it to you
Greg,  I am a cofounder of Inknowvator Inc.  I live in Houston, actually
Gene Humphrey and several other Enron folks are my neighbors.
Our new Idea Manager solution was selected by  Xcelerator to identify,
develop and select new ventures.  This was put on hold following the recent
management change.    The Knowledge Management group, then housed in EES,
had also recommended that we be brought in as an internal solution and as
an Enron corporate offering.
We are an ideal solution for Enron to identify and develop new business
ventures, to enhance current products and services,  and to share ideas and
learnings across the company.  Our solution is perfect for helping you
manage current organizational changes by engaging all employees to
understand issues and share ideas through innovation.  We can be up and
running in less than a month.  This could also be a great innovative story
for Wall Street.
The solution is being utilized by leading global companies in various ways
including:
1.  Strategic planning and new venture portfolio management
2.  New business, product, and service development
3.  Corporate innovation programs
We have now implemented or have reached agreement  to implement our
solution at various clients including:
Schlumberger
Halliburton
ExxonMobil
Johnson & Johnson
IBM
Idea Manager is a unique decision software solution designed to capture and
utilize ideas, information and expertise that were here-to-fore relatively
inaccessible or unusable.  The solution encompasses the identification and
development of business opportunities and decision making in a leading edge
collaborative environment using portfolio management best practices.
I will call to schedule some time. I can give you a high level overview in
30 minutes.
,
Ron
713-627-8884
what is this?
Greg - Attendance list attached FYI.
Matthew
Mr Scrimshaw,
Thank you for your email to Leslie who is currently away.  Attached is the
list of participants to date although there are still invitations
outstanding.  The meeting is being held at the Berkeley Hotel in
Knightsbridge.
Please let me know if there is any further information you require at this
stage.
.
Tessa Bohane
no
...another thought.  Could we surrender our current high priced options to help fund these or other plans?  I know there are many accounting requirements but we could atleast start the time clock on the next reload period.
m
if you want a jet allocation we need to talk about it.  as fare as these folks are concerned they get zero hours.  make thaat clear to avaition, or call liz and tell her to cancel their authorization.
On a serious note - it would appear that a fair number of folks get personal allocations for the corporate jet.  Do I get any allocation for personal aircraft usage above my current compensation level?
Jim 
B. 
Thanks 
Yoli Mendez 
yorleni.mendez@ 
Please have all your people in the leadership category (90k & above) make their United Way contribution now.
-Greg
At the end of the Leadership Giving Campaign, EWS had reached $488,832 in pledges, which is 38.31% of our campaign goal of $1,276,000.  Enron's plan calls for Leadership Givers to represent 60% of the total pledge goal, so we are short 21.69% or $276,768.  Even more disappointing was the weak 7.85% participation rate by those employees in the Leadership level (i.e., over $90,000 in base pay).  While part of this shortfall was caused by the decision not to conduct a Leadership campaign for EBS, most of the other business units/functional groups in EWS did not fare too well either 
Below are the pledge totals and participation rates by functional group:
GROUP			PLEDGES	% Participation
EA			$79,485		10.78%
EBS			$14,555		1.31%
EEOS			$32,143		18.18%
EEL			$6,104		14.29%
EGM			$74,030		11.53%
EIM			$62,567		21.62%
ENW			$77,960		3.82%
EWS Bus. Analysis	$25,024		12.84%
EWS Bus. Dev.		$13,438		75.00%
EWS HR		$6,985		8.33%
EWS Legal		$38,800		20.65%
EWS Research		$19,080		23.40%
EWS Treasury		$13,661		71.43%
EWS TOTAL		$488,832	7.85%
From a corporate perspective, EWS is tracking fairly closely to the others.  Here are the other groups' totals:
ETS			$146,466	12.92%
Corporate		$359,925	10.07%
EES			$131,439	6.56%
If you have any questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Eric
jim hughes also knows him well and sent me a message about a dinner he is having with bo soon.  i told him to mention that we would be happy to discuss the interaction between eol and enymex.  if you talk to him soon, relay the same message.
Comments? 
I recently met Robert "Bo" Collins, the new President of the NYMEX and formerly with El Paso. Bo is keenly aware that the NYMEX has fallen down in two areas--first, catering too much to the locals, while ignoring their true customer base and secondly, not following through with the eNYMEX rollout. Bo along with Vincent Viola, the new Chairman of the NYMEX are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately. Personally, I think there is a chance that EnronOnline could partner with the NYMEX and it could benefit both. Obviously, they need us far more than we need them, but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the NYMEX management. Is this something of interest and if so, should we follow up? Bo and Vince will be in Houston in late August for a NYMEX cocktail party at ROCC and I could arrange a meeting at Enron. 
not really.  just let him know that we would be happy to discuss how enrononline and enymex can interact.
Greg: 
The new President of the NYMEX, Bo Collins, is a friend of mine.  My wife and I are going to be spending this coming weekend with the Collins.  Does Enron have any outstanding issues or agendas with the NYMEX of which I should be aware?
Thanks. 
Jim 
i don't know whose id's these are.  they are not mine, but i know that they are still in use because i see them trading sometime.  check with lavorato and shankman on these 
Greg,
We are working on an EnronOnline Website Audit.  We have noticed that many traders have duplicate ID's and are not using some of them.  In an effort to reduce risk, we would like to inactivate all ID's that are no longer valid for traders.  Please note that inactivating these ID's will not effect matrix trades.  Please review the following information and let us know if these are valid books and ID's.
EPMI Long Term North America Management book
User ID:  ADM79276
Oil-WTI (Specific Trades) book
User ID:  ADM54235
Thank you,
Karen O'Day
EnronOnline
713-345-4135
grant him access
Greg Piper has asked for daily access to the DPR via the Executive Viewer.  In keeping with our policy of limited access to the data, I thought that it would be best to check with you on this request.  Greg appreciates our diligence in monitoring requests for access and understands that I am running this request by you.  Let me know what you would like for us to do.  Thanks 
i am in london next week.  are you using the video conference for this meeting?
=20
The actual date is Wednesday, August 8.=20
Cc:     Lay, Kenneth; Patrick, Christie; 'dgarvin@hsb.edu'; 'mroberto@hsb.edu'; 'jbower@hsb.edu'; 'llevesque@hsb.edu'; Hamed, Malak
=20
PLEASE  PLAN  TO  ATTEND
"NEW  BUSINESS  CREATION"
Tuesday, August 8th
11:30-1:30
Board Room
EB50
Presented by
Harvard Business School Professor
David A. Garvin*
Professor Garvin is making this presentation as part of a five-year research partnership between HBS and Enron entitled 'Modern Giants'.  The presentation was recently delivered at the Morgan Stanley European Strategy Seminar, which included over 50 leading European CEOs. It was also presented in May at HBS as an advanced management seminar. Parts of the presentation use Enron as an example.=20
Rsvp by Aug 6th                                                 *Resume attached=20
Christie Patrick: 3-6117=20
Feel free to bring your lunch; drinks will be provided=20
does this mean that on a volatility basis he thinks the options are attractively priced?  if so, i don't want him having any input to their pricing 
Greg 
I you want a laugh read the Motley section about gamma trading. 
Crandall done 
Badeer done 
Swerzbin submitted comments on Monday;  feedback will be given to him today - some met some not;  Mike's comments on our feedback due on Monday;  should be in a position to execute next week. 
Heizenrader is good on numbers and still talking language.  Final issues relate to language about breaking laws or regulations and all of the accusations that are out there about Enron and it's employees breaking laws and regulations.  Michele Cash has talked to Sanders and Haedicke about this stuff.  Tim H., Michele, Amy Fitzpatrick (HR Generalist in PDX) and I met today.  We think that we have arrived at language that will work for everyone.  Ball is in Michele's court to turn another draft around to us. 
Belden - I am good on the numbers.  I have have concerns about indemnity against California and West Power related lawsuits.  I also want to formalize the arrangement that I have with Haedicke with respect to Enron covering my legal fees associated with the west power investigations.  Michele is going to take a cut at some language.  She also needs to convince me that I am covered by the Directors and Officers indemnifications which are part of Enron's bylaws and Delaware law. 
Richter - he's been lame about giving me his comments.  I've been lame about riding him on it.  I will do that today. 
Wolfe - Greg currently is considering offers from Calpine, AEP, and Enron.  AEP is offering significantly more money.  Greg needs to decide where he wants to work and who he wants to work with.  There is a very real chance that we lose him.  However, we've shown his a great bid, so we will just have to get by if he leaves for a lot of money.  When I say a lot, he is talking about guaranteed 600k per year, roughly. 
Motley - has declined our offer.  The total numbers looked good, but he doesn't like Enron options.  If we took his Option value and put it into cash or restricted stock he would be done.  I mentioned it to John and he didn't want to do that.  On the one hand, if that will get him done I think that it's a great outcome.  On the other, we showed him some good numbers and I respect the fact that John wants to keep things consistent.  Tough call.  He did mention that if Enron's Treasury department would let him gamma trade his options withodd lots and no margin requirement that he would take the options.  He has a legitimate point that he has no way of assuring that he can achieve the value of the options.  It's also very hard to argue with an options trader on this point. 
Keep hearing silence 
thanks for the help
Greg, the Call Center called me on Friday saying that your products had dropped off the WEB during the maintenance window on EOL.  The reason for this is that each month your product has a different Product ID, and your September product did not have the flag set to not suspend. I have set the flag in the database for product "53549, US WTI Swap Nymex LD Sept 01" so that it will not suspend in the future.  Also we have added a procedure in the Control Center to make sure we check for this near the end of every month so we set the flag appropriately for each new month's product.
bbh
Given what our announcement next week is going to look like,  do you think it is a good idea to issue some options to some key players soon after the announcement.  as sort of a down payment on bonus perhaps.  i think it would be best to keep it to a reasonably small group.  lets try to talk tomorrow and see if you have anyone we need to do this for.
we are bringing ebs into ews even if we don't change our reporting segments, so go ahead and pick them up.
Greg,
A suggestion has been made that the EBS "Competitive Analysis" unit (4 people) be added on to my group, and that it continue to support EBS research/fundamentals needs.  I'm fine with this, but based on your comments earlier today (re: hesitation of integrating EBS into EWS), is this something I should embrace 
-Scott 
PS.  FYI, I'm working with Delainey to establish a Marketing Intelligence shop in EES.  I think we can help them fairly substantially, both with strategic marketing support and on the tactical deal level.  I've hired a guy who has worked for me in the past, Kevin Golden, to head up this effort and to begin to develop the necessary networks and infrastructure 
PPS  In the meantime, folks are compiling the necessary information to examine the outsourcing to the technical group.  Several new projects seem to be materializing, which could be candidates for outsourcing:  gas storage/flows, refineries (operations and outages), and near-real time ship monitoring 
Your guys need you.  I'm completely out of control 
i talked with sanders yesterday about our reactions to this subpoena and the one from the state senate.  we are having a meeting on monday morning to discuss what to do.
As per our discussion - fyi 
Delainey
Janet R Dietrich
07/03/2001 05:28 PM
Lovely.  I would like to discuss this further. Can we set up some time Thursday pm? Kay, will you coordinate a time that works for everyone? Thanks.
California counsel have advised us that, in view of the broad authority given the AG to investigate unfair business practices, a court will almost certainly order us to produce our contracts to the AG in response to the outstanding subpoena.  For the same reason a motion to quash the subpoena directed to PG&E, which seeks the identity of our customers and their status as direct access or on UDC service, would also likely fail.  They recommend that we voluntarily offer to produce the contracts and concentrate on protecting the more sensitive commercial documents (such as the type of documents Dennis Benevides develops) from disclosure.  Even with respect to those they are not very optimistic, given that the AG is willing to enter a protective order committing to keep the contents of those documents confidential.
Please let me know if you concur with this recommendation or would like to discuss on a conference call.
P.S.  If we do decide to produce our contracts we will first have to notify our customers pursuant to the confidentiality provisions of the contracts.
don't know.  ask a brit.
what does LOL mean?
LOL.
I having trouble with my computer.
Please advise.
John
haven't heard a word
have you had any feedback since we last talked?
Not a problem, I'm sure it was just an oversight.  Your assistant left a msg on Friday asking me to forward another copy of invoice.  I don't have electronic copy but can fax hard copy to you.  Plse advise fax number.
On the Vitol front, they just celebrated their 35th anniversary last weekend with a companywide outing in Spain.  I'm having lunch with some of the guys on Wednesday and will give you brief on latest sentiment on strategic front.  Neil.
Please respond to 
Hello Greg.  My accounting group in Boston has informed me that the $100k consulting invoice dated April 3 remains outstanding.  I'd appreciate your following up to find out status.  Thanks in advance.  Neil.
- winmail.dat  
- winmail.dat  
do you know that your receivables have been increasing over the past few months?  currently i understand that you have about $800mm in outstanding receivables.  i don't know what the aging looks like, but it seems like a big number.  we found this while we were trying to find out why we are having a hard time getting a handle on funds flow.
We have got people all over these things that know them inside and out.  This is all about managing the downside
since it all has been monetized away.  I would love to give them away but can not see any value to the
corporation in doing it at this time.  Once they have the other assets in order it might make sense to 
reevaluate.
Greg:
Kevin Hannon and I were meeting yesterday to review various organizational issues and one thing he asked me to do was extend a one time only offer to take over the assets in Europe that don't really fit with their ongoing business - i.e. Turkey, Poland and Sarlux.  An additional question I had is whether you think that EWS continues to be the correct place for EEOS.
Your thoughts?
Jim Hughes
can't be today.  maybe later this week.
I'd like to buy you a beer at Keneally's if you have a chance 
Get some time on my calendar to go over some of this stuff either this week or next It looks like you've accomplished a lot in redirecting our efforts.  we should talk about what happens next and where you see the major opportunities.
Regarding your request for help, you don't need help to refuse to accept "dogs and cats" while the BU  tries to keep the good investments.  Just refuse to accept the garbage without conditions.  Don't waste too much time playing investment cop on the BUs.  You have more important things to do.  Also, refusing to negotiate with the BUs is like going on a hunger strike.
Ken, Greg, and Dave,
Please review update and provide any comments.
Where to begin?
Here are the items currently accomplished
Reduced personnel associated with investments from 55 to 31.  This was a very necessary evil to get things in control.
Reduced individuals actually responsible for pursuing investments from 15 to 4.  This will choke down investment flow to a manageable level.
Completed full day meeting with entire team to lay out complete integration plans and process standardization program.
Place a 60 day moratorium on any new investments, while we get our hands around the existing portfolio and develop new strategy.
New company number and cost center is set up and will begin on 7/1 (in 5 days).
Assigned any "stranded" or "orphaned" investments to a senior member of the team.  All companies have subsequently been contacted to notify of new investment manager.
Notified HEOF investors (women and minority fund) of change in strategy.  Will be meeting with investors to negotiate change to key man provision on Friday.
Found space.  We will all be moving to the 36th floor by mid to late July.
Here is what is in progress:
Searching across the organization for any additional investments residing in miscellaneous business units.  I am currently in London, where 4-6 investments currently reside (depending on what you consider an investment).  I expect there will be 90-100 investments consolidated into this group once I am through.
I am already having to fight a few battles to keep a few new investments from occurring.  This includes in EES and Enron Europe.  Bad ideas, bad deals, bad structures.  Basically, repeating patterns of past failures.
We are undertaking a complete revamping and standardization of all our investments processes, including deal filtering, modeling, due diligence, all back office systems, portfolio tracking, comparable company analysis, term sheets, approval process, etc.  Each of these is a major task, but we are targeting the end of August for completion.
Identifying and establishing other support functions for the group, including legal, accounting, RAC, HR, PR, etc.  This is going well and everything should be resolved within 2 more weeks.
Began budget preparation for last 6 months of 2001.  Should be completed within 3 weeks.
The only item that I need help on is support in shutting down certain developing pockets of investment activity, and making certain that all merchant investments get transferred.  Basically, there are a couple of groups that want to give me the dogs and cats and keep things with potential upside.  Also, there are some efforts to make a miscellaneous investment here or there.  I am not willing to negotiate with the business units on these issues.
KG
i would like to know the total number of trades, average number daily, total volume, and average daily volume for the second quarter
Crude WTI 24x7 Marketing Effort
Trade Count:
274	Trades	
12.4	Millions of Barrels
9	Counterparties Transacting Today
31	Counterparties Transacting to Date
936	Millions of Barrels Transacted to Date
I was unable to update the NYMEX chart as the NYMEX site was inaccesible.
Note, the Nymex Chart is for comparison purposes only. The EnronOnline numbers have been adjusted 10-fold to be in scale with the NYMEX volumes for charting purposes.
note that his problems are not really corporate.   he has problems with allocations from ENA and Europe.
I always thought we were your problem children.
Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.
The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.
Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen
Greg:
Kevin Hannon and I were meeting yesterday to review various organizational issues and one thing he asked me to do was extend a one time only offer to take over the assets in Europe that don't really fit with their ongoing business - i.e. Turkey, Poland and Sarlux.  An additional question I had is whether you think that EWS continues to be the correct place for EEOS.
Your thoughts?
Jim Hughes
what is a bullet swap?
FYI.
The ICE Adds WTI / Brent Bullet Swap Differentials to its Product List
New WTI vs. Brent bullet swap differentials went live on the ICE June 22, 2001.
These contracts are currently listed for the months of Aug, Sep, Oct and 
Nov, 2001. The new bullet swap differentials complement the WTI bullet swaps
which went live on the ICE in May. 
To see more details about the bullet swap contracts traded on the ICE,
visit the Product Guide on the IntercontinentalExchangeTMwebsite at
IntercontinentalExchangeTM
Trade the World
anything you can find out about vitol would be interesting.
my fax # 713-853-1838
Not a problem, I'm sure it was just an oversight.  Your assistant left a msg on Friday asking me to forward another copy of invoice.  I don't have electronic copy but can fax hard copy to you.  Plse advise fax number.
On the Vitol front, they just celebrated their 35th anniversary last weekend with a companywide outing in Spain.  I'm having lunch with some of the guys on Wednesday and will give you brief on latest sentiment on strategic front.  Neil.
Please respond to 
Hello Greg.  My accounting group in Boston has informed me that the $100k consulting invoice dated April 3 remains outstanding.  I'd appreciate your following up to find out status.  Thanks in advance.  Neil.
- winmail.dat  
I will check into this.  I am really sorry.  if it hasn't been paid we'll fix it immediately.
greg
Please respond to 
Hello Greg.  My accounting group in Boston has informed me that the $100k consulting invoice dated April 3 remains outstanding.  I'd appreciate your following up to find out status.  Thanks in advance.  Neil.
how did my august position change?  i didn't trade any august today.
would you have any interest?
Greg - here is Randy's resume. He is the guy I was telling you about on Friday as we were walking out of the building. I think he could make Enron a lot of money.
Basil
Alex,
sorry we keep missing each other.  i understand you are out of the country this week.  give me a call when you get a chance.  you can reach me at any of the following numbers
work  713-853-5220
cell   713-992-0660
home 713-465-1641
i look forward to hearig from you.
Greg
they don't report to me, they report to mark
And you bug me about too many direct reports.
As we continue to address a number of issues facing Enron, it is critical that the company remain focused on attracting, motivating and retaining a diverse and talented workforce.  We strongly believe that our workforce is world-class -- the best in any industry, so we will continue to develop and reward this tremendous talent base.
Because the lasting strength of our company is determined by the strength of our workforce, we are elevating the role employee-focused functions play within Enron.  We are pleased to announce that effective immediately Human Resources, Employee Responsibility, and Executive and Corporate Compensation will report directly to the Office of the Chairman.
David Oxley, Vice President, will continue to oversee Enron's Global HR function.  The lead HR representatives for the individual business units will report to David in addition to their respective Office of the Chairman.  Besides managing Recruiting, Staffing, Training, Compensation and the Performance Evaluation Process, David will also add Payroll and Labor Relations to his list of responsibilities.
Cindy Olson, Executive Vice President, will have responsibility for Employee Relations and Corporate Responsibility, which includes Social Responsibility, Community Relations, Diversity, Employee Relations, Redeployment, Alumni Relations, Employee Events and Programs, Benefits, Wellness, and Worklife.
Mary Joyce, Vice President, will continue to have responsibility for Executive and Corporate Compensation in addition to Global Employee Information Management and Reporting and Analysis.
David, Cindy and Mary will each report to the Office of the Chairman.  A detailed organizational chart is attached.  Please join me in congratulating David, Cindy and Mary on their new responsibilities.
< 
is that the same as "personal reasons 
Don't know if you saw it, but your friend and mine Paul Addis is leaving AEP to "pursue other interests".
do you have an offer?  either individually or on the package?
Greg--I know you like good wine and I am selling some of my California Cabs. If you have any interest here is what I have:
'92 Silver Oak Napa Valley  2 bottles
'93 Silver Oak Napa Valley  17 bottles
'94 Silver Oak Napa Valley  3 bottles
'91 Silver Oak Alexander Valley  18 bottles
'92 Silver Oak Alexander Valley  3 bottles
'93 Silver Oak Alexander Valley  12 bottles
'94 Silver Oak Alexander Valley  29 bottles
'94 Caymus Napa Valley  48 bottles
'96 Chateau Montelena  12 bottles
All of the wine listed above has been stored in a wine locker at 55 degrees since it was purchased. 
test
John,
It seems everyone has received some level of interest in some sort of combination of the Paper, Steel and Metals businesses.  I have discussed with Greg that we ask Bruce Garner to organize the expressions of interest and see if there is anything real here.  So he will be talking with Gold and others with respect to the Metals side of this.
,
Jeff
Jeff,
To recap my discussion with Barrick today.  They are interested in what is happening here and would be interested in finding a way to participate in any potential MBO type opportunity.  They have an interest in the MG business, steel and then FP in order of preference Barrick has indicated that they have the management time and interest in the support of a deal.  They have also indicated the willingness of putting in $150 mm in hard equity with the potential of using their name/credit for trading risk  
bruce
,
Jeff
Guys,
I know you are busy and this might be just a flyer but Barrick might be someone to think about if we are looking for Capital.  This note is from the head of Corporate Development and I know the CFO and CEO very well.  They are single A rated with $700 mm in cash on the balance sheet (net debt is zero).   FYI - their market cap is $6bn (abx ticker)
We have had lots of discussions with these guys in the past about JV in trading gold.  I think they could move fast and be very discrete.  Let me know if you are interested in me talking or introducing you to them?
,
bruce
Tom,
i really do understand your concern, and i will try to expedite this process as much as possible.  i'm sorry that all of this wasn't worked out prior to signing the merger, but we put it together rather quickly.  we have built an incredible energy franchise here and neither of us, Enron or Dynegy, wants it to falter.  i will get you as much information as i can, as soon as i can.  i would be happy to hear any ideas that you have on providing more stability sooner.
thanks for sending the note, and i apologize for the uncertainty.
greg
Dear Greg,
I appreciate you coming down to the gas floor and providing us some information about what is going on.
One of the questions that kept getting asked had to do with who will be retained, and what we will be paid when we are retained.  We were told that star performers will be retained.  At what profit level do we become star performers?
I understand you and your staff have a tremendous number of things that need to be accomplished.  As I talk with my peers, the most important thing on our minds is if we will have a job and what we will be paid.  John was saying that in a few months this issue would be addressed.  My immediate concern is to secure employment while there are still positions available with other companies.  I will accept the first lucrative offer that is made to me.  My peers have expressed the same sentiment.  In a few months, there may not be any jobs left.   We have to may hay while the sun shines.  We all have been bombarded with calls from executive search firms.  We are all racing for a limited number of jobs that promise substantially higher salaries.
What we need on this floor is some assurances.  Maybe it should be in the form of granting bonuses now and offering employment contracts.  We need some exact numbers in the form of dates, salaries, and bonus plans. 
Scott Neal brought up this same question several times and John said he understood how critical this situation is.  If there are only trader track personnel left to run this company, will Dynegy still be interested?
Getting a bonus this year that reflects the work I put in is critical.  It is no where near as critical the issue of making sure my children have food on the table.  I do not have two months to wait to find out that the compensation I will be offered ends up being less than what a third party is willing to pay, or the bonus program is a based on a amount to appease me when I may have passed up a percentage deal.
Please sense the urgency that my peers and I are feeling.
Tom Donohoe 
I would have to check to speak definitively on any clauses in his contract, but I don't believe there was a change of control provision.  I don't know of anyone other than Ken who has one.  There was some argument regarding andy's contract and payments that might be due under involuntary termination, but at this time we are not paying anything.  Andy was put on a leave of absence, and subsequently resigned.  We are still investigating the related party transactions.  Hope this helps.
Greg:
A rumor is going around that Andy Fastow's employment contract had language that would allow him to be paid $9,000,000 or some amount if a change of control of the corporation occurred.  Several questions come to mind related to this issue that I would appreciate your response:
1)  Please confirm the existence of such a clause or similar clause in Mr. Fastow's contract that would allow him a claim of additional money from an Enron entity.
2)  If such a clause does exist what is Enron's intent as far as payment or litigation?
3)  What other Enron employee's have such clauses that would allow them to benefit from the merger?
Your clarification of the above questions would be appreciated!
Thanks, Jim
I sincerely apologize if I said anything offensive, and really do appreciate everyone who is trying to help us solve our problems.  At this time we are suffering a severe crisis of investor confidence, and we were only trying to be honest about the things we have done as a company.  I certainly know as well as anyone else that many of these investment decisions were made by people who are long gone.  Hopefully those of us who are here can correct their mistakes.
I really do recognize and appreciate your work.
Ken and Greg
I am part of the Enron Tax Department, assigned currently to Enron Global Assets, previously to Enron India.  Your comment regarding the very bad investments Enron made in international assets is absolutely true.  Perhaps the assets themselves are not all that bad, Enron just over-paid, over-built or over-leveraged.  In some cases, I suspect we did all three 
But that's not the point of this message.
When you make statements like you did in yesterday's Investor conference call it erodes EGA's ability to sell those assets (who wants to buy a very bad investment ?) and chokes the spirit of the employees who have remained loyal to Enron and continue to support the needs of EGA.  The 100 or so members in the EGA support group did not make the bad decisions.  Those were made by former and current executives, RAC, Enron's Board of Directors, and others who were well-qualified to make such decisions.  I cannot begin to tell you how hard Tax, Legal, Accounting, PR, etc. worked to make the best of what often-times looked to us to be a stupid if not bad investment 
Many of those who remain have devoted several years to Enron's international experiment.  We've given up dinner with our families, weekend soccer games and campouts, in many cases we have even sacrificed our good health.  I suspect we will continue to make those sacrifices in order to close asset sales and efficiently return to Enron the remaining value.
Please, when you proclaim to the World the very bad investments Enron made, take some time to remind those of us who are left to unwind these investments that Enron is fortunate to have some very bright and dedicated employees diligently working to contain the damage already done.
Sincerely,
Mike Norris
Wow!  this looks complicated.  let me get some help on this and get back to you
Greg,
After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my deferral account under Section 6.3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen regarding the Phantom Stock Account. =20
Section 6.3 states that a participant may elect to receive a single sum distribution of all of the participant's deferral accounts subject to a 10% penalty.  This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision of the plan.  It also states that the account balance shall be determined as of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee receives the written request of the participant.  In my case this would be as of September 30th.  I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90% of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001.  The plan administrators, however, interpret this paragraph differently.  Their reading yields a cash payout of 90% of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom Stock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90% of  Enron Corp. shares in the account as of September 30, 2001.  Their justification is that in several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated that the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock.
There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation.  First,  section 6.3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan."  This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other sections of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do not apply.  Second, the language in section 6.3 stating "a single sum distribution of all of the Participant's deferral accounts" indicates that one payment will be made not a cash payment separate from a share distribution.
The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6.3.  If that is the case then section 7.1 should apply.  This section does provide for the Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.  However, it states "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp common stock".  This would result in approximately 8.3 shares to be distributed for every share in the account on January 1, 2001.  Although this would be the most beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Corp. common stock from $83 to $10 per share,  this methodology goes beyond section 6.3.
The calculations below illustrate the difference in the value and method of distribution under each of the three interpretations:
Section 6.3=09=09Plan Administrators=09=09Section 7.1
Number of shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=09=096,600 shares
Relative share price=09=09$27.23=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$83.13
Phantom Stock Value=09=09$179,718=09=09=09=09=09=09$548,658
10% Penalty=09=09=09-17,972=09=09=09 -600=09=09=09=09-54,866
Value to be distributed=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=09$493,792
Current stock price=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$10
Distribution=09=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=0949,379 shares
I believe my interpretation under section 6.3 is correct and fair.  If the administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7.1 should apply.  The current interpretation of the plan administrators is a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout.  =20
In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the same issue.  I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matter.
Sincerely,
Phillip Allen   =20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09
=09HEEELLLLLLLPPP 
Greg,
After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my deferral account under Section 6.3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen regarding the Phantom Stock Account. =20
Section 6.3 states that a participant may elect to receive a single sum distribution of all of the participant's deferral accounts subject to a 10% penalty.  This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision of the plan.  It also states that the account balance shall be determined as of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee receives the written request of the participant.  In my case this would be as of September 30th.  I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90% of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001.  The plan administrators, however, interpret this paragraph differently.  Their reading yields a cash payout of 90% of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom Stock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90% of  Enron Corp. shares in the account as of September 30, 2001.  Their justification is that in several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated that the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock.
There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation.  First,  section 6.3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan."  This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other sections of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do not apply.  Second, the language in section 6.3 stating "a single sum distribution of all of the Participant's deferral accounts" indicates that one payment will be made not a cash payment separate from a share distribution.
The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6.3.  If that is the case then section 7.1 should apply.  This section does provide for the Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.  However, it states "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp common stock".  This would result in approximately 8.3 shares to be distributed for every share in the account on January 1, 2001.  Although this would be the most beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Corp. common stock from $83 to $10 per share,  this methodology goes beyond section 6.3.
The calculations below illustrate the difference in the value and method of distribution under each of the three interpretations:
Section 6.3=09=09Plan Administrators=09=09Section 7.1
Number of shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=09=096,600 shares
Relative share price=09=09$27.23=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$83.13
Phantom Stock Value=09=09$179,718=09=09=09=09=09=09$548,658
10% Penalty=09=09=09-17,972=09=09=09 -600=09=09=09=09-54,866
Value to be distributed=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=09$493,792
Current stock price=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$10
Distribution=09=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=0949,379 shares
I believe my interpretation under section 6.3 is correct and fair.  If the administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7.1 should apply.  The current interpretation of the plan administrators is a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout.  =20
In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the same issue.  I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matter.
Sincerely,
Phillip Allen   =20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09
dont know them
Do you know Matt McComiskey, Ken Snodgrass, Jimmy French, Dan Martines, or Keith Cosman over at Shell Oil Trading?
Jeff
thanks for the offer.  i'll let you know
If I can help you with any of the changes ENE is facing, let me know.
-  Greg
yes!!!  we could cancel it 
David W Delainey@EES
06/21/2001 09:38 AM
fyi - less PRC's, less average time on line, some process improvements - lots more that can be done.
delainey
Steve, Cindy, Dave
The following are some PEP stats on number of meetings at year end vs. mid year 2001; number of feedbacks completed between those two periods; average user session length, and average length of PRC (only at mid year 2001 -- we do not have a comparison on this with year end  
Hope these are of interest to you  
,
Gina
I understand, but this is a difficult measure to build into a budget system, other than simply limiting the amount of capital you have available to meet your IBIT target.  We can't allow a dicision to cut IBIT by 90% and capital by 95% and call it a success.  The easiest way to control deployment of capital is thru a deal approval process.
My perception is that the Q4 and 2002 bugets are still only focused on IBIT.
I can easily make my numbers if I use a bunch of capital.  But how are we doing sending out the
additional messages to reduce capital deployed and to increase net income.  From this corner of
the world my perpsecptive is this needs more focus.  For all your free time 
GOOD JOB 
Looks like it's going to 0.
would gladly take a couple of cases
Deborah,
When I met last w/you, Bill, and others, it was stated that Fastow's group 
was scheduled to move off floor 27 the weekend of 8/25.  I have just heard 
that they are not moving off until 9/8?  Is this the case?
Many Thanks,
Liz
i have kept in touch with Gildea and Brechbuhl.  i didn't really know Eckberg 
very well.  Powell is now an FCC commissioner, though i haven't kept in touch 
with him either.  i don't know if you remember james conforti, but i recently 
saw gildea and brechbuhl at his wedding in february.  give me a call when you 
get a chance.  my extension is 35220.
greg 
Brad,
You're scheduled to meet  w/Greg on Wednesday at 3:30p.m. in EB2801b.  It was 
great seeing you and welcome back!
Liz
yes i am.  are you working here at enron?
your talking to the wrong person.   Liz actually controls the tickets.  take 
them if they are available, but i won't be able to go.  how long are you 
going to be in houston?
Michael L Brown@
06/20/2000 03:57 PM
John,
I had lunch today with David Ownby (plus, Brent Larsen and Michael Chang 
of RedMeteor.com).   David suggested that perhaps there could be some sort of 
arrangement between RedMeteor.com and EOL wherein each could benefit from the 
other's platform.  He was referring specifically to the refined products and 
crude oil areas (where they are primarily physical and we are primarily 
financial).  I am under the impression that there may have been some contact 
earlier this year between Enron management and Vincent Di Cosimo of RedMeteor 
and I had heard the names of Greg Whalley and John Sherriff mentioned in that 
regard.  Is that correct and did anything ever materialize?
As you know RedMeteor and Vitol are in the process of formalizing a 
strategic alliance to "aid in their positioning in the global marketplace" as 
reported in the media.  And the person involved from Vitol, Mike Loya, is a 
person that I have known for years, but have not discussed this topic with 
him.  Is there anything worth pursuing with RedMeteor?
,
Mike
we currently have nothing working with redmeteor.   i have spoken with 
dicosmo a couple of times, but he has never seemed interested in persuing 
anything.  we would be willing to discuss an arrangement where enron posts 
some of its prices directly from EOL to redmeteor, but i question whether his 
technology is up to it.  we are entering into arrangements like this with 
other trading platforms.  there is certainly no reason to avoid talking to 
them, but i would suggest a conversation with Andy Zipper on the EOL team he is the one that is handling these types of deals.  i will also forward 
your message to him.
thanks for the heads up
greg
just thought i'd send this your way.
We are pleased to announce that trading on our system will soon commence And, as you may have heard, it will be commission-free.
We want to make sure you are ready to take advantage of our superior 
platform  and price. To further that end, attached to this email is our User 
Agreement in  Adobe PDF format. You may want to give this Agreement to your 
legal department  for their review as soon as possible. We fully expect that 
trading on our system  will commence on or before July 10th and we would love 
for you to be  among the first to trade on our system and stop paying 
commissions.
If you have not yet seen a demo please contact us to schedule yours.
Sincerely,
Pete Groetzinger
Chief Operating Officer
BrentBroker.com
713-888-0500 (US) 
?
- User Agreement (06.28.00).pdf
Bruce,
Greg Whalley would like to speak with you on tomorrow, Wednesday, June 28 Please give me a call tomorrow to schedule a time to talk w/Greg.
Many Thanks,
Liz
I do think that more of the trades will ultimately have to be changed, but no 
one else has said anything yet.
Greg Whalley  Note: forwarded message attached.
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get Yahoo! Mail - Free email you can access from anywhere!
eSafe Protect Gateway (tm) has scanned this mail for viruses, vandals and
suspicious attachments and has found it to be CLEAN.
File: release draft 6 logo (73,728 bytes)
Result: Clean.
This is our final draft for the press release. We will send it to DB shortly.
The intention is to have it released tomorrow around noon London time.
Any comments, please let us know!
Hanns Beese
(See attached file: release draft 6 logo.doc)
The information contained in this e-mail message and any files transmitted 
with
it are confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended only for the
addressee and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended
recipient or the person responsible for delivering the message to the intended
recipient you are advised that you have received the e-mail in error and that
any disclosure, copying, distribution or action taken in reliance on the
contents of the e-mail and it's attachments is strictly prohibited and may be
unlawful. Please advise the sender immediately if you are not the intended
recipient.
- release draft 6 logo.doc
Joe,
I'm meeting w/Greg today about you.  I'll call you this afternoon or tomorrow 
morning.
Liz
Greg, 
I trust that you are doing well.? In reference to the email below, I will 
plan on calling you this week to discuss.? I have not heard from you, most 
likely due to your hectic schedule, but my enthusiasm remains extremely high.
Joe 
Joseph P. Mathew 
Vice President-Information & Analytics 
CheMatch.com 
2900 North Loop West, Suite 1120 
Houston, TX 77092 
(Main):(713)681-6600 Ext. 2238 
(Cell):(832)423-7435 
(Fax) :(713)681-0906 
(E-mail):jmathew@chematch.com 
(URL): www.chematch.com 
(URL): www.petrochem.net 
Greg, 
I do hope you remember me, and that Liz Taylor passed the note on to you 
requesting a meeting with you regarding possible re-employment with Enron, 
but more specifically, employment with Enron Net Works.? I believe that you 
are running the efforts of that group, and I am more than excited to speak 
with you about employment opportunities.
Although you have interviewed me in the past for the crude oil options 
trading position (1996, my first year at Enron), the passage of time 
hopefully allows me to refresh you on my background, in brief.
Pursuant to working at Enron, I currently work at Chematch.com, a leading 
online, real-time B2B Exchange, concentrating in the petrochemical and 
polymer industry, but with reaches into the fuel products arena.? I was one 
of the first dozen employees. We were the first movers of our business type 
in this vertical.? My role here has been on the 1) business development 
efforts, 2) prime member on the venture capital raising process, and 3) prime 
member of the IPO process/due diligence team.? Most recently, I was promoted 
from Vice President to Vice President & Senior Officer, heading the entire 
content portion of our firm (petrochem.net).
Prior to joining Enron, I attended the University of Chicago Graduate School 
of Business and received an MBA with concentrations in Analytic Finance and 
Accounting.? Prior to that, I spent three years on Wall Street with Merrill 
Lynch and Prudential Securities, in in both investment banking and FI capital 
markets.
If you need a couple of quick recommendations from Enron, I would humbly 
suggest Fred Lagrasta, Jeff Shankman, Harold Buchanan, Donald M. Black, Greg 
Woulfe, and others of your choice.
Attached is my resume for your review.? I know the extremely busy schedule 
that you uphold, but would greatly appreciate the chance to meet you once 
again to discuss any opportunity you may see fit for me within your group.
Joseph P. Mathew 
Vice President-Information & Analytics 
CheMatch.com 
2900 North Loop West, Suite 1120 
Houston, TX 77092 
(Main):(713)681-6600 Ext. 2238 
(Cell):(832)423-7435 
(Fax) :(713)681-0906 
(E-mail):jmathew@chematch.com 
(URL): www.chematch.com 
(URL): www.petrochem.net 
? 
- JoeDoc.doc
Janette,
No worries.  The staff meeting has been canceled for today.
Liz
Janette Elbertson
06/07/2000 09:41 AM
Mark Haedicke will be out of town and will not be able to attend the 
referenced meeting.
i called this guy and will give you an update.  i may try to see him next 
week in london.
Brad,
Greg asked that I drop you a line to apologize for not getting back with you 
as of yet.  He's running a bit behind on things.  Please look for a call from 
him  on tomorrow, Friday, June 2.
It was good seeing you again.  Take Care.
Liz Taylor
713-853-1935
Liz.M.Taylor@
Bradley Romine  Hey Greg,
I enjoyed interviewing with both you and Jim last week
friday. I would like to talk to you some more about
the opportunities available in Enron Networks. Two
areas I thought would be interesting would either be
helping to structure a market for Enron Networks to
enter, or help develop a market that Enron Networks is
in the process of entering.
A couple of things that I thought were interesting
about your strategy for B2B is that unlike most
business plans where the strategy is build the site
and the volume will come, Enron uses it's own volume
to entice other people to participate. What most
e-commerce sites want to do is charge for the dating
process, but in reality this has very little value
added unless the market is coupled with a
finance/clearinghouse function and a physical delivary
system for physical goods. We addressed some of these
issues in the ilogex business plan.
I have attached a copy of the ilogex business plan to
give you an idea of some of my thoughts on e-commerce.
I look forward to talking to you tommorrow morning.
Thanks,
Brad
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Bradley Romine
EES/OR Stanford University
bradley@leland.stanford.edu
- Business.doc
Test message from Tech Support via Greg testing his address book.  Please 
reply with a click on the reply button 
Thanks,
Vel A. Watkins
Tech Support
i will try to call and talk you thru this
Allan,
Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Allan Ford@_DEVELOPMENT
05/09/2000 03:44 AM
2 New Trades
PL -38k
Futures
John,
Please remove Greg Whalley from this distribution list.
Many Thanks,
Liz
John Chismar
05/09/2000 05:48 AM
Crude  -  Rather quiet day on the physical front with one Oman deal reported 
@ -10.  Mkt still expecting Chinese to come in and buy Oman once the diffs 
get down to the mid teens. However, AG is getting cleaned up for June 
loaders.  Reported that CPC Taiwan mutually agreed with a seller (Statoil to cancel a early June loader of Oseberg that they had bought a couple of 
weeks ago.  They say they won't rebook it now that the strike is over. 
Paper -  FTB's were off early on the back of announcement that Norweigian 
strike was over.  Recovered later in the day on the Brent recovery. 
Tapis weaker vs Brent with EFS @ 35 and Dubai weaker as well with EFS @ 2.28. 
Gasoil : Once again, Singapore gasoil lagged behind crude and other products. 
June swap traded between 26.35 - 26.60 usd/bbl with East / West at - 10 
usd/mt (versus - 8 usd/mt yesterday). Front-to-back widened with June / July 
at 0.15 / 0.30 and June / Q3 also improved by 10 / 15 cents/bbl. Crack under 
pressure with Q3 at 2.90 / 3.20, a drop of 20 cents/bbl.  Three sellers this 
evening : Onyx , Shell and Marc Rich with the most aggressive offer at 27.0 
usd/bbl or MOPS + 0.50,  Caltex bid a cargo at 26.30 usd/bbl or MOPS + 0.20 
but no deal concluded. 
Jet / kerosene : Regrade being sell down with June at 1.85 / 2.00 and July at 
2.40 / 2.50 by the end of the day.  With limited outlets for the prompt jet, 
front-to-back will be forced to open up so that some barrels will go to the 
storage. Four sellers this evening (including three majors) - Caltex, Shell, 
BP and J Aron with the most aggressive offer at 28.30 usd/bbl, but still 
attract no buying interest.
fueloil-physical price tread lower as bp n hinleong test the mkt without 
bidding today n shell offer down to 153/mt.paper held yesterday nos thru the 
day at 143.5-144.25 june jul 138-139 jun/jul held at 5/5.5 crack widen 
further to 1.5/bbl for june n 1.9/bbl for jul negative.kepco tender to buy 
lsfo for june dlvry.physical mtk is tight thru may n early june for 180cst n 
will see the strength to surface later in the mth when the main players price 
in cargo totally.stay bullish on fo though temporary n time being looks soft.
Sue,
Please thank Jeff for the invitation.  However, Greg and Mary are unable to 
attend 
Liz
ASTROS v ATLANTA BRAVES
Enron Net Works has the Enron Suite for Friday, May 26, 2000, and would like 
to invite you and your partner for an evening of Astros entertainment.
Due to there being a limited amount of space, please R.S.V.P. by e.mail as 
soon as possible.
Sue Ford
Executive Assistant to Jeff McMahon
No problem
Thanks,
Jay Fitzgerald@
04/20/2000 11:00 AM
don't forget zipper 
Greg Whalley@ECT
04/20/2000 10:47 AM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor@ECT
The Enron Net Works Offsite has been relocated to the Doubletree Hotel Allen Center for all day Monday, April 24, only.   Once I have all the 
details confirmed, i.e. meeting room, start time etc.,  I'll advise.
Listed below are the presentations scheduled for Monday.  An Agenda will be 
forthcoming. 
Louise Kitchen  EOL
Greg Piper  Paper Exchange.com
Harry Arora  Securities
Philippe Bibi  Trading Platform Technology
Bryan Seyfried  Credit
Mike McConnell  International eCommerce Development
Should you have any questions, please contact me @ 31935.
Many Thanks,
Liz
The Enron Net Works Offsite has been relocated to the Doubletree Hotel Allen Center for all day Monday, April 24, only.   Once I have all the 
details confirmed, i.e. meeting room, start time etc.,  I'll advise.
Listed below are the presentations scheduled for Monday.  An Agenda will be 
forthcoming. 
Louise Kitchen  EOL
Greg Piper  Paper Exchange.com
Harry Arora  Securities
Philippe Bibi  Trading Platform Technology
Bryan Seyfried  Credit
Mike McConnell  International eCommerce Development
Should you have any questions, please contact me @ 31935.
Many Thanks,
Liz
i heard that while i was out our technical folks had a discussion from what i understand, all of the technical issues are workable. 
given that, lets have a discussion to determine the structure and liklihood 
of a deal,
assuming you are interested.  i will try to reach you monday, or you can 
call me this weekend 
home--713-465-1641
cell--713-962-7304
e-mail   gregwhalley@yahoo.com
talk to you soon
greg
test
Todd,
We are in receipt of the Confidentiality Agreement and have only a few minor 
changes:
ENA is prepared to sign the Agreement at the to-be-scheduled meeting.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Executive Assistant to Greg Whalley
Todd Creek  Please respond to "creek@apbenergy.com"  Greg,
Per request of Dennis Crum, please find attached the proposed NDA between
Enron, True Quote LLC and APB Energy, Inc.  The document can be executed by
initialing each page, signing the last page and faxing to my attention at
the number below.  I will then sign the document and return to you by fax.
Please contact Dennis Crum or me at the number below with any questions or
comments.  At your earliest convenience, please contact Dennis at
502-327-1400 to schedule a meeting.
Thanks,
Todd A. Creek
True Quote LLC
(502) 327-1400 Main
(502) 608-6500 Mobile
(502) 327-1407 Fax
creek@apbenergy.com
- NDA_Enron_April2000__.doc
Yes, I'll hold 2 tickets for you until I hear back.
Liz
Liz, I would love to go.  Can I let you know tomorrow as I am still not sure 
what time by obligations here are over?    Mark
Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for 
Opening Game on Friday, April 7.  You are cordially invited to party with 
Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros 
vs. PHI. 
Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.  We may be able 
to accommodate some members of your team.    The rooftop can hold up to 75 
people 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935 
Okay "Superman" how many tickets can you really use?
"Buffy - The Vampire Slayer"
"Superman" needs 74 tickets for he and his superhero buddies. Don't ask me 
all their names.  Thanks in advance
Jim
Greg Whalley
04/05/2000 05:13 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for 
Opening Game on Friday, April 7.  You are cordially invited to party with 
Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros 
vs. PHI. 
Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.  We may be able 
to accommodate some members of your team.    The rooftop can hold up to 75 
people 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935 
Sure thing partner.  I'm giving Reck 8 tickets for the coal desk.
Liz
Howdy - I will be at The Masters with Peabody and Cline.  Thanks for the 
invite.  Maybe we can get the little ladies together and do lunch sometime 
instead.
Cordially yours,
George
Greg Whalley
04/05/2000 05:13 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for 
Opening Game on Friday, April 7.  You are cordially invited to party with 
Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros 
vs. PHI. 
Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.  We may be able 
to accommodate some members of your team.    The rooftop can hold up to 75 
people 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935 
Yes, we watch the game from the rooftop.  You can also with your pass go into 
the stadium.
Liz
Jay Fitzgerald@
04/06/2000 06:55 AM
Does this mean tickets to the game as well, or can we see the game from 
there?  Sign me up for two tickets tentatively.
Thanks
Jay
Greg Whalley@ECT
04/05/2000 05:13 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor@ECT
Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for 
Opening Game on Friday, April 7.  You are cordially invited to party with 
Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros 
vs. PHI. 
Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need.  We may be able 
to accommodate some members of your team.    The rooftop can hold up to 75 
people 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935 
Volume won't affect relative profitability.  It just scales the profit or 
loss.  Increasing the number of transactions always results in more profit Increasing volume just makes the numbers bigger.
Kristin,
Per Greg Whalley, we need to install the Executive Report Viewer on Dave 
Delainey's computer.  He should have access to everything that Whalley has Approval, for now, will remain with Whalley.  Greg would like this taken care 
of ASAP.
Many Thanks,
Liz
see you then
just thought i would send you this link to see if we could both connect to 
this site and talk to each other
henri@hearme.com on 03/24/2000 03:14:09 PM
Please respond to henri@hearme.com
Let's talk! 
Hey Greg! It was terrific seeing you and Mary at the wedding (thought I wish 
I had spent more time talking to Mary). Now that I'm back in the office, I 
thought I'd send you this invitation to talk.  In theory, as long as you are 
using Windows, it should work, though I've had recent reports of some 
problems with Netscape.  When you get a mic and you think I might be on-line 
at work, just click the link below, agree to the certificate, and we should 
be connected. If it doesn't work, I'll have to call you to walk you through a 
demo of our other stuff. Let me know. Take care, Henri P.S.  Ulrich is still 
so *serious 
To join me in a live voice chat, click here: 
P.S.  If you go there and don't find me, I might not be on-line anymore.  In 
any event, you can bookmark my web address to connect later. 
Also - the first time you connect might take a little longer than usual:  you 
might need to wait for your browser to be VoiceCONTACT enabled. 
About HearMe(tm) VoiceCONTACT(tm 
Currently HearMe VoiceCONTACT only works with Microsoftc Windowsc  operating 
systems.  The browser requirement is Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 or 
better, Netscape 4.08 or better, or AOL. 
HearMe VoiceCONTACT is the easiest way to talk to friends over the Internet VoiceCONTACT provides top quality live voice technology for talking to any 
number of friends simultaneously. Unlike conventional voice-over-Internet 
products, your friends do not need to download or install anything:  all they 
need is a standard browser. 
To find out more and get your own copy, click the link above, and then click 
the "Get Your Own VoiceCONTACT" button. 
HearMe and VoiceCONTACT are trademarks of HearMe. 
not to worry,  we'll see 80s within 3 weeks
Please extend badge #21771 through this week.
Liz Taylor
Executive Assistant
Office of the Chairman
Jeff,
I will sponsor you in the amount of $957.23 in the MS 150.
The Green Hornet
Jim,
Greg received a faxed copy of a slide on ENA - Wholesale Power Network from 
Kathyn Corbally.  The slide gives a comparison in physical power volumes with 
1st Quarter 99 vs. 1st Quarter 2000.  The slides shows a 5% percent increase 
and Greg thought that you mentioned that the increase was closer to 20%.
Please advise.
Liz
lets talk again before too long.  there is a lot going on.
sounds like a good idea
We looked into this, and I have another call with them tomorrow.  So far it 
looks like they are long the balance of the year.
Dave,
Fred Lagrasta came through for us on the tickets.  He'll deliver four to me 
on tomorrow.
Liz
x31935
This is to confirm tomorrow's USEC Meeting with Richard Kingdon and Michael 
Woo.  The meeting will take place in EB3321 @ 10:00a.m. on Tuesday, March 21.
Many Thanks,
Liz
your relationship with houston is that of a wholy owned subsidiary.  you make 
money.  send it back here.  shut up.  and be happy.
Rahil Jafry
03/07/2000 03:13 PM
Sent by: Rahil Jafry
Williams' Energy Marketing and Trading Unit Acquires Equity Interest In
HoustonStreet.com
03/07/2000
PR Newswire
TULSA, Okla., March 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Williams Energy Marketing & Trading
Co., a unit of Williams (NYSE: WMB), announced today that it is acquiring a
minority stake in Houston Street Exchange, a Web-based energy trading
exchange.
Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Since the launch of HoustonStreet.com in July 1999, Houston Street Exchange
has established itself as one of the industry's most dynamic
business-to-business exchanges for wholesale power trading.  HoustonStreet.com
recently announced plans to launch new Web-based platforms for trading crude
and refined products at the wholesale level.
"Emerging technologies continue to change the way the energy industry
operates, and HoustonStreet.com is on the leading edge of the revolution.
Internet-based trading has exploded, and we believe that this investment will
allow us to play a significant role in the development of new markets and
platforms," said Bill Hobbs, president of Williams Energy Marketing & Trading.
"The investment in HoustonStreet.com is just one piece of Williams'
eBusiness strategy," added Nancy Gustine, director of eBusiness for Williams
Energy Marketing & Trading.  "By acquiring a stake in this innovator in the
electronic-exchange industry, we can capitalize on our marketing strengths
while helping them transform the trading industry."
"To have one of the leading energy companies in the country invest in our
trading platform is a direct validation of our technology and our vision for
the future of energy trading" said Frank Getman, president and CEO of Houston
Street Exchange.  "We look forward to Williams' market strength and support in
creating the premier online energy trading platform across multiple
commodities."
Williams' energy marketing and trading unit buys and sells all types of
energy products nationwide including natural gas and gas liquids, crude oil
and refined products and electricity.  The unit also manages its customers'
exposure to volatile energy prices using comprehensive risk management
services and creates customized energy financing solutions for producers and
end-users.
About Houston Street Exchange
Designed by traders for traders, Houston Street Exchange represents the
first Web portal for the trading of wholesale energy products.
HoustonStreet.com provides an online trading engine that allows traders to buy
and sell their energy products faster, more efficiently and more easily than
they do today.  Houston Street Exchange is headquartered in Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, with offices in Houston, Texas.  Houston Street Exchange is a
majority-owned subsidiary of BayCorp Holdings, Ltd. (Amex: MWH).  For more
information, visit Houston Street at www.houstonstreet.com.
About Williams
Williams, through its subsidiaries, connects businesses to energy and
communications.  The company delivers innovative, reliable products and
services through its extensive networks of energy-distributing pipelines and
high-speed fiber-optic cables, comprehensive energy services, including
commodity trading and risk management, and business communications systems,
international satellite and fiber-optic video services.  Based in Tulsa,
Okla., Williams operates about $25 billion in assets.  Company information is
available at www.williams.com.
Portions of this document may constitute forward-looking statements as
defined by Federal law.  Although the company believes any such statements are
based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes
will not be materially different.  Additional information about issues that
could lead to material changes in performance is contained in the company's
annual report or form 10K, which is filed with the Securities Exchange
Commission.
/CONTACT:  Patty McKissick, Media Relations, 918-573-5738, or email,
patty.mckissick@williams.com, or D'Ann Riley, Investor Relations,
918-573-8088, or email, d'ann.riley@williams.com, both of Williams/
15:06 EST
Folder Name: Rahil Jafry
Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 82
______________________________________________________________________
To review or revise your folder, visit   or 
contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com 
or by phone at 800-369-7466. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, call 609-452-1511 
or contact your local sales representative.)
______________________________________________________________________
Elisabeth,
Greg is okay with your plan.
Liz
Elisabeth McCabe@
03/07/2000 03:52 PM
The employee meeting will be broadcast live via webcast to our ENA field 
offices.  We have elected not to provide webcast to the Houston office to 
encourage employee attendance at the Hyatt 
Please notify me by the end of the day today if you do not agree with this 
plan.
Thank you,
Elisabeth
Greg Whalley
Office #   713-853-5220 - EB3324
Office Fax# 713-853-1838
Home#  713-465-1641
Cell#  713-962-7307
Nyree Jones@_DEVELOPMENT
03/06/2000 12:27 PM
HELLO,
I am Nyree Jones and I am working with Don Hawkins and Mike Fuentes and we 
are currently updating the crisis contact list.  Will you please provide the 
following information about yourself:  OFFICE, FAX, HOME, CELLULAR, AND PAGER 
NUMBERS (If applicable).  We appreciate your assistance.
Thank you very much.
Nyree 
You are cordially invited to attend  
If you are a new supervisor, an experienced supervisor without prior training 
or a manager of new supervisors, come and learn more about our new ENA 
Leadership Curriculum.  You will be introduced to the many courses and 
learning resources that are available to you and where you need to go to find 
them.  To aid in planning your developmental activities, you will receive a 
copy of the curriculum guide that contains detailed information about the 
curriculum.
Please RSVP by noon Monday, March 6 to Gracie Presas at ext. 3-3985.
Pam,
Greg Whalley had to change his plans and will not be going to London after 
all  Thanks for everything.
Liz Taylor
Pam Benson@_DEVELOPMENT
02/24/2000 10:50 AM
Just for grins.  Joe's home number on Sunday is 281-363-9913 - just in case 
you two get disconnected.  His driver will pickup at Joe's home at 2:30 and 
the driver's car phone number is 713-598-4052 or Joe's portable is 
713-725-5979.
Thanks
Joseph W Sutton
02/24/2000 07:30 AM
Yes, I'd like him to come along. Joe
Greg Whalley@ECT
02/23/2000 06:05 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor@ECT
Mr. Sutton,
I'm emailing you on Greg Whalley's behalf.  Is it possible for Greg to join 
you on the company plane on Sunday over to London for the Open House?    I 
understand you have different plans on the return.   I can book him 
commercial on the return.  No worries, if the answer is no, I'm holding 
commercial flights both ways.
Sunday, February 27
Depart Houston @ 8:00a.m.
Arrive London @ 11:52p.m. (same day)
Please advise.
Liz Taylor
Assistant to Greg Whalley
Mr. Sutton,
I'm emailing you on Greg Whalley's behalf.  Is it possible for Greg to join 
you on the company plane on Sunday over to London for the Open House?    I 
understand you have different plans on the return.   I can book him 
commercial on the return.  No worries, if the answer is no, I'm holding 
commercial flights both ways.
Sunday, February 27
Depart Houston @ 8:00a.m.
Arrive London @ 11:52p.m. (same day)
Please advise.
Liz Taylor
Assistant to Greg Whalley
i'll try to call you over the weekend.  this petcoke problem seems to be a 
pain.  go to the friday 4pm managing directors meeting and let them know what 
is going on in coal. 
your volume comparison chart is off by a factor of 10.  each contract is 1000 
bbls.
what does this new website look like?  can i see a demo version?
what have we defined as current limits?
Chris,
Whalley will be on vacation all next week and I'll need to fax him copies of 
the P&Ls.  Please deliver to me print outs of the Gas & Power P&Ls for the 
week of February 14.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
x31935
EB3322
Please read the attached letter from Mary  Whalley.    Please call me if you 
are unable to retrieve.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor - 713-853-5220
Executive Assistant to
Greg Whalley, President & COO 
Awais,
I deleted your most recent Management report, please send another one to Greg 
Whalley 
Many Thanks,
Liz
Awais Omar
02/03/2000 10:53 AM
Please find the summary of today's activity on EnronOnline.  The full 
Management Report is attached below this executive summary
External Trading   
Total  2-Feb-00  To Date 
Number of Transactions   1,000   19,386 
Gross Notional Value $   337,792,245   5,959,638,012 
Revenue from Physical flows to date ($)    256,271,963 
Number of New Counterparties transacting today    2 
Number of Counterparties having transacted to date    188 
N.A. Gas   
Number of Transactions   882   16,330 
Volume of Transactions (mmbtu's)   153,789,969   3,055,719,339 
Gross Notional Value $   295,810,912   4,950,320,141 
UK Gas   
Number of Transactions   33   1,013 
Volume of Transactions (mmbtu's)   4,897,500   105,581,500 
Gross Notional Value $   9,851,869   204,387,494 
Belgium Gas   
Number of Transactions   -     52 
Volume of Transactions (mmbtu's)   -     11,452,500 
Gross Notional Value $   -     21,830,046 
U.S. Power   
Number of Transactions   67   1,483 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   507,428   10,526,741 
Gross Notional Value $   13,154,552   334,869,016 
UK Power   
Number of Transactions   3   83 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   132,639   3,229,535 
Gross Notional Value $   6,379,853   129,424,445 
Swiss Power   
Number of Transactions   1   10 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   1,109   18,917 
Gross Notional Value $   24,228   452,952 
German Power   
Number of Transactions   1   26 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   18,600   123,064 
Gross Notional Value $   337,378   2,478,884 
Spanish Power   
Number of Transactions   -     1 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   -     5,154 
Gross Notional Value $   -     115,457 
Norwegian Power   
Number of Transactions   4   45 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   51,960   760,776 
Gross Notional Value $   750,891   11,294,303 
Crude & Products   
Number of Transactions   3   151 
Volume of Transactions (BBl's)   450,000   17,147,562 
Gross Notional Value $   9,570,600   249,554,517 
Petchems   
Number of Transactions   -     17 
Volume of Transactions    -     144,000 
Gross Notional Value $   -     6,484,700 
LPG   
Number of Transactions   2   24 
Volume of Transactions (BBl's)   16,000   296,000 
Gross Notional Value $   528,500   9,590,000 
U.S. Coal   
Number of Transactions   2   63 
Volume of Transactions (st)   60,750   1,972,506 
Gross Notional Value $   729,938   21,951,551 
U.S. Pulp & Paper   
Number of Transactions   -     4 
Volume of Transactions (st)   -     2,550 
Gross Notional Value $   -     1,500,750 
Emmissions  Number of Transactions   2   47 
Volume of Transactions   5,000   117,500 
Gross Notional Value $   653,525   15,354,925 
U.S. Weather   
Number of Transactions   -     37 
Volume of Transactions    -     42 
Gross Notional Value $   -     28,828 
Number of Users Logging onto EnronOnline  External Users with Execution rights    665 
External Users with No Execution Rights    107 
Internal Trading  2-Feb-00  To Date 
Gas   
Number of Transactions   139   654 
Volume of Transactions (mmbtu's)   49,776,611   244,120,782 
Gross Notional Value $   71,566,859   398,817,628 
Power   
Number of Transactions   2   16 
Volume of Transactions (MWh's)   21,256   185,367 
Gross Notional Value $   656,281   5,006,250 
Coal   
Number of Transactions  Volume of Transactions (st  Gross Notional Value   
Emmissions   
Number of Transactions  Volume of Transactions  Gross Notional Value   
Total   
Number of Transactions   141   670 
Gross Notional Value $   72,223,140   403,823,878 
Louise
Hi Andy,
Just in case it takes Greg some time to get back to you, due to his extremely 
busy schedule, I wanted you to know your email was received.
Liz Taylor
Admin. Assistant to Greg Whalley
i lost your email address - so i hope this works
my phone + 41 22 819 0850 or mobile + 41 79 293 5981, email just hit the 
reply button
Interested to catch up with you (no bets allowed) sometime  - att1.htm
Hi Iris,
Happy New Years!  I miss corresponding with you.  Take care and write soon If you ever plan a visit to Houston, you have an open invitation at my house.
Liz
Dear Greg,
It's good to hear how well you're doing.  As you may know, I left John and 
Joe to become the Office Manager in Madrid and I'm really enjoying it.
I was talking about you and Jay to the guys here the other day and telling 
them what a loss it is for them not to have met you.
You're one of a kind and I'll always remember you!
Hasta luego
Iris
Paul,
Going forward, the reports below should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg 
Whalley.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Paul Smith@_DEVELOPMENT
01/21/2000 03:08 AM
3 new trades
Sell 5 NSW Peak Jul Future
Sell 5 NSW Peak Aug Future
Buy 5MW Call Option QLD Flat - Bal Q1
PL -165k
SRA VIC-SA Liquidations
QLD Liquidations
Kenneth,
Going forward, these reports should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg 
Whalley.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Kenneth Lee@EES
01/24/2000 04:00 PM
Sent by: Ken Lee@EES
Aggregation Details
Allan,
Going forward, these reports should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg 
Whalley.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Allan Ford@_DEVELOPMENT
01/25/2000 03:06 AM
6 New Trades
Sell NSW Pk 5MW Q3/Q4 00
Sell NSW Pk 5MW Q3/Q4 00
Buy NSW Flat 5MW FY00/01
Buy VIC Flat 5MW FY00/01
Sell NSW Flat 5MW Q3/Q4 00
Sell NSW OP 5MW Q3/Q4 00
PL -29k
VIC-SA SRA
Christine,
Going forward this report should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg 
Whalley.  Please forward this report to Kevin Hannon.
Many Thanks,
Liz
i assumed it was intentional, but wanted to make sure.  for the moment it 
works, but if our volumes continue to rise, we need to move to absolute 
numbers
Christine,
Going forward, these should be sent to Kevin Hannon and not Greg Whalley.
Many Thanks,
Liz
Katherine,
Going forward will the Breakfast Meeting take place in EB50M and the Exec. 
Meeting in the Boardroom?
Whalley will be in attendance at both meetings.
Liz
Please respond regarding your attendance at the following events:
Executive Committee Breakfast
Date:  Monday, January 24
Time:  7:30 a.m.
Location: EB50M
Please indicate below whether or not you will attend the breakfast.
Yes, I will attend _X___
No, I will not attend _____
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, January 24
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: A conference call bridge has been reserved.  The dial in number 
713/853-3233.
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) 
for the weekly passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person __X_____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
January 21.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Paul,
Greg has to attend an offsite all day on Thursday, January 20 and will be 
unable to meet with Raymond Yeow.
Liz
Greg Whalley will be in attendance at both meetings.
Liz
Please respond regarding your attendance at the following events:
Executive Committee Breakfast
Date:  Monday, January 17
Time:  7:30 a.m.
Location: EB50M
Please indicate below whether or not you will attend the breakfast.
Yes, I will attend __X__
No, I will not attend _____
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, January 17
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: A conference call bridge has been reserved.  The dial in number 
713/853-3233.
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774)
for the weekly passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ____X___
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
January 14.
Thank you, 
Sherri
just some thoughts on what we might say in a letter if we have to send one by 
the 4th.
just some thoughts on what we might say in a letter if we have to send one by 
the 4th.
There will not be an Executive Committee Breakfast on Monday, December 20 However, we will hold a weekly meeting on that date.  Details are below.
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, December 20
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT) 
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: A  conference call bridge has been reserved.  The dial in number 
713/853-3233   Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) 
for the weekly passcode 
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person  ___X____
By video conference from  _______ 
By conference call   _______ (contact Sherri or Katherine for weekly 
passcode)
No, I will not attend   _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your responses by 12:00p, Friday, 
December 17. 
Thank you,
Katherine
Joe,
I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is 
scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys 
are connecting again for dinner.  Please let me know the time and location 
for dinner on Wednesday night.  Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough 
that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys.  He will be 
officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44  
7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor 
This has been reviewed by HR and Gene Humphrey.  Please respond with any 
comments.  It is intended to go out on Tuesday at noon.  I will have the 
reorg group meeting Tuesday morning.
KG
Announcing the Formation of One Corporate Equity Investing Unit
To better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to our 
core businesses, Enron has formed one corporate equity investment unit.  This 
new unit, Enron Principal Investments, will combine the existing investment 
units of ENA, EBS and Enron Investment Partners.  Additionally, the Enron 
Wholesale Restructuring Group will also become part of Enron Principal 
Investments.  The strategy of Enron Principal Investments will be to work 
with the all the business units of Enron to identify, execute, and manage 
equity investments, which leverage the Enron's unique and proprietary 
knowledge.   These investments may be in the form of venture capital, LBO's, 
traditional private equity and distressed debt positions 
Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director of Enron Principal Investments, 
overseeing all of its activities.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Richard 
Lydecker, and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form this new 
investments unit.
This new investment unit will report to Greg Whalley, in his capacity as an 
Enron Policy Committee member.  Please join me in congratulating and 
supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Richard and the other members of this group 
in this effort.
Jeff Skilling
Will Philippe be at the meeting on the 12th?
Liz
Greg can attend every meeting except June 12th 
TS
For the month of June there will be weekly Budget Meetings every Tuesday 11:00 a.m. in EB32C2.  Please mark your calendar accordingly.  Please notify 
me only if you are unable to attend.
June 5, 12, 19 & 26 in EB32C2 @ 11:00 a.m.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
For the month of June there will be weekly Budget Meetings every Tuesday 11:00 a.m. in EB32C2.  Please mark your calendar accordingly.  Please notify 
me only if you are unable to attend.
June 5, 12, 19 & 26 in EB32C2 @ 11:00 a.m.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
maybe that would be the best solution
Whalley's Budget Meeting 
Date:  May 30, 2001
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CST)
Location: EB30C2
Greg Whalley will be in attendance.
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Tuesday, May 29
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf. Call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) or 
Suzanne Danz (713/853-6440) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person  ___X___
By video conference from  ______
By conference call   ______
No, I will not attend   ______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 
25.
Thank you,
Suzanne 
Greg Whalley's diamond club tickets (4 + parking pass) are available for 
Monday and Tuesday of next week.  Please give me a call if you have an 
interest.
Monday May 21  San Diego 7:05p.m.
Tuesday May 22  San Diego 7:05 p.m.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Hi Richard,
Per my voicemail, are you available for at least an hour to meet w/Greg 
Whalley while he is in London?  He is wide open on Thursday.  Please advise.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor - E.A. to Greg Whalley
Please note that the EWS Budget Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 29 has 
been rescheduled to Wednesday, May 30 @ 11:00 a.m. in EB30C2.  This change 
was necessary due to the Executive Committee meeting moving from Monday, May 
28 to Tuesday, May 29 @ 11:00 a.m 
Scheduled EWS Budget Meetings for May
Tuesday, May 22, 2001 @ 11:00 a.m. - EB32C2
Wednesday, May 30 @ 11:00 a.m. - EB30C2
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
working that angle already
Date:  Tuesday, May 15, 2001
Time:  11:00 a.m.
Location: EB32C2/London VC1
Please mark your calendar for next week's budget meeting on Tuesday, May 22 11:00 a.m. in EB32C2 .
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor x31935
Again.? Sorry,?I forgot the attachment  last night
?
Attached is?a mutual non-disclosure agreement  to facilitate our discussions 
concerning the TransModel transmission status  system.? I will call you today 
(Wednesday, 5/2) to discuss how we will  proceed.
?
Michael Walker
713-750-5997 (work)
713-256-6641?  (mobile)
- TransModel Non Disclosure Agreement.doc
yes
Yes, please delete.  Now we have just canceled the one for tomorrow.  The 
next scheduled budget mtg will be on Tuesday, May 15 @ 11:00 a.m.
Liz
Barbara Hooks @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT                05/07/2001 11:31 AM
Liz, I have a budget meeting scheduled for this Thursday at 11am.  Is this 
the same thing?  Should I delete the Thursday meeting from Keith's calendar Please advise.  Thanks!
Barbara Hooks
Enron Engineering & Operational Services
713-345-5100
Greg Whalley@ECT
Sent by: Liz M Taylor@ECT
05/07/2001 11:22 AM
EWS Budget Meeting.
Date:   May 8, 2001
Time:   11:00 a.m.
Location:  EB32C2
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
EWS Budget Meeting.
Date:   May 8, 2001
Time:   11:00 a.m.
Location:  EB32C2
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
no to all
This is to confirm Greg Whalley's meeting on CA matters tomorrow, May 3 10:00 a.m. in EB3324.  Should you have any questions, please advise.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Eric Thode@
04/30/2001 04:47 PM
Attached is the latest draft of the Enron/Huntco release.  We are working 
towards releasing this in the next hour or so, or upon approval of all 
parties.  If you have questions, please call me at ext. 3-9053.
Eric
What is the structured derivatives portfolio and what is in it?
Hi Matthew,
Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through 
end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for 
about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday 
there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  Please 
advise.  If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, 
Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
usually i use 
gwhalley
lawrence
This is to confirm EWS' Budget Meeting on Thursday, May 3 @ 11:00 a.m. in 
EB30C2.  London will also be participating via Video Conference 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
okay by me
Please let me know your Executive's availability for an EWS Budget Meeting on 
Tuesday, May 1 @ 11:00 a.m.  Please note that the budget meetings will be 
every Tuesday @ 11:00 a.m. for the month of May.  The meetings should be no 
more than 1 hour.  I'll advise you of the location. 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Thank you for joining Greg Whalley at the 2001 CSC Spring Golf Classic Memorial Park Golf Course (Benefiting the Children's Museum)
Whalley's Team   Enron's Team
G. Whalley    M. McConnell
B. White    T. Battaglia
J. Lavorato    G. Piper D. Delainey    D. Black
EVENT SCHEDULE - Tuesday, April 24
10:30 a.m.  Registration
11:00 a.m.  Lunch catered by Becks Prime
11:45 a.m.  Tournament Rules for 4 Person Florida Scramble
12:00 Noon  Shotgun Start
4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  2001 Enron Jr. Golf Clinic w/ the staff of The First Tee 
Program at
Whispering Pines
5:30 p.m.  Awards Celebration
2001 ENRON JUNIOR GOLF CLINIC
The Junior Golf Clinic that will be held at the Driving Range from 4:00 p.m. 
to 5:00 p.m.  Whispering Pines Golf Club will provide three instructors as 
well as clubs.  The Houston Parks and Recreation Department to recruit 25 
HISD 5th graders who are not enrolled in the First Tee Program to participate 
in the clinic.
AWARD CATEGORIES
"Caryakid" trophies will be awarded for the following winning foursomes:
First Place  Low Gross
Second Place  Low Gross
Third Place  Low Gross
High Gross
First Place  Low Net
Second Place   Low Net
Third Place  Low Net
Hole In One Prize (Hole #11)
2001 Lexus LS430 from Sterling McCall Lexus
Longest Drive for Male and Female (Hole #10)
$100 gift certificate from Memorial Park Golf Course
Closest to the Hole (Hole #7, Hole #15)
$100 gift certificate from Memorial Park Golf Course
MULLIGAN & RAFFLE PRIZES
$20 buys 2 mulligan (maximum of 2 per player) and 1 free raffle ticket
$20 buys 5 raffle tickets
$5 buys 1 raffle ticket
Please advise if you need golf clubs 
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor for Greg Whalley
Don,
Thanks for agreeing to golf w/Whalley for the Children's Museum.  I'll get 
you some detailed info. on the tournament.  Please block off from 10:30 a.m. 
for the tournament which is @ Memorial Golf Course.
You are scheduled to meet w/Greg again @ 4:30 p.m. on Monday, April 23.
Many Thanks,
Liz
How long is the meeting scheduled to last?
Liz
Yvette Pinero@
04/11/2001 10:39 AM
A Cuiaba project status review with Rebecca McDonnald  will take place on 
Tuesday, April 17th @ 10:00 am CDT in conference room 3AC21C2.  If unable to 
attend in person, the dial-in numbers are as follows:
Domestic: 888-232-0370
International: 805-240-9483 
Participant code: 939159
Host (Pete's) code: 625402
Any questions, let me know.  Thanks.
Leslie,
Greg has forwarded this on to John Greene for handling.  I believe you and 
John have been in communication.  I did let John know you were wanting to 
schedule a high-profile meeting, asap.  John will be in contact with your 
office today or tomorrow.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Leslie Mueller      Following up on the call we had with John
on March 19, the attached Executive Summary
describes a joint venture between Enron & WR Hambrecht,
a securities capability focused initially on proprietary
trading
of common stocks in the technology sector as the first
phase
of a relationship which could expand further to take
advantage
of financial market opportunities including equity
derivatives trading
and market making, fixed income agency block and
principal trading,
fixed income and hybrid securities derivatives, and ECNs.
The
financial model provided envisions supporting a
relatively small
initial effort to control enterprise risk as well as to
provide a setting
wherein Enron and WRH can begin to work together.
Economics
should scale well in tandem with the amount of committed
and
reinvested capital.
In order for Enron to investigate this JV opportunity in
depth, we
would like to propose as a next step a meeting at your
offices wherein
we may speak at some length to our ideas for
collaboration.
In addition to this proposal, as discussed, we remain
interested in
exploring a separate effort focused on the area of lease
securitization
and would appreicate your guidance on how to proceed with
initial
conversations within Enron on this front.
Thanks for your consideration. I look forward to speaking
with both
of you.
Leslie Mueller
Head, Corporate Marketing
415-551-8615
www.lmueller@wrhambrecht.com
WRH reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all messages
sent to or from this e-mail address. Messages sent to or from this e-mail
address may be stored on the WRH e-mail system.
- Enron Proprietary Trading Proposal III.doc
Hi Drew,
Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through 
end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7.  Are you available to meet w/him for 
about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday 
there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open.  If you could 
e-mail me your availability that would be great.  Also, Greg will be carrying 
mobile number +44 7901516638.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor
Greg Whalley has available Diamond level seats (4 + parking) for the 2001 
Astros' season.   Greg would like to offer you usage of these tickets for 
customer relations and employee appreciation.  Listed below are some of the 
amenities associated with the diamond club.  Please contact me, Liz Taylor x31935 for availability.
Parking:  Your parking pass enables you to park in the lot closest to Enron 
Field.
Dining:  A private dining room is located behind the field-side seating 
area.  Special requests should be phoned in at least 3 hrs prior to game 
time 
Hours:  The Diamond Club opens two hrs before the first pitch and closes 1/2 
hr after the final out is recorded.
Many Thanks,
Liz Taylor 
Jessica,
Am I outstanding an expense reimb. from you?  I seemed to be approx. $6000.00 
past due and I have my check from the trading floor.  Please advise.
Many Thanks,
Liz 
Mr. Bodily,
I was able to speak w/Greg this morning and I regret to inform you that he 
will not be able to join your class via video conference on April 3rd as we 
had previously hoped 
Greg will have to leave Houston for some of our overseas offices beginning  
April 2nd for approx. two weeks (London, Tokyo & Sydney).  I do apologize for 
the short notice, but these things tend to happen quickly, and with little or 
no notice 
Please provide me with some possible future dates during the month of May and 
I will discuss them with Greg.
Liz Taylor
Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley
Greg,
I understand from your assistant, Liz, that you will be able to join my
colleage Venkat and I and our eStrategy class on April 3 10:00-11:25 Eastern
Time (9:00-10:25 Central) by videoconference.  That is wonderful news for
us!
We have a T1 line in our classroom and we can connect using two-way video so
that you can see the class members and they can see you.  I know that we can
also arrange to put your power point slides on one screen and your face on
another, if we wish to.   At some point we'll get your technical people and
our technical people to work out the details on the connection.  We would
want to verify soon that our systems are compatible.
We can chat about how to use the 85 minutes we have.  I was thinking that we
ask the students to prepare the digital case, The Transformation of Enron
1986-2000, in which you appear in a few segments in living color, and you
look great, I might add. Liz said she thought she could a copy of the CD
from Sherri, Jeff Skilling's secretary, or, alternatively, I'll be happy to
send you a CD.  In addition to the case, I would like to give the students
additional new material (accessible on the course web-site) about Enron's
new ventures in the online and electronic network world.  (We could use a
little help from some of your people to get the best materials, I suspect).
In class, we could have a case discussion led by Venkat and I for (say) the
first half of class, and followed by your presentation/talk for the last
half of class. Or we can give you more or less of the time--let's talk about
it.
I was hoping that you could direct the focus of your talk toward topics such
as the following:
1.  The strategy for new ebusinesses at Enron.
2.  Enron's strategic advantages and competitive positioning in the digital
economy.
3.  Examples of laws of network economics in the digital world
4.  Implementation of Enron's digital strategy.
We need to prepare specific assignment questions for the students to
prepare.  Some of them could be taken from the introduction to the case,
which we could supplement with additional questions from you or that we
devise together.
This will be a great experience for our students and for Venkat and I as
well.  And we are flexible about how much time you want to take and also
about your specific topic.  So please give me a call (or email) and we can
settle on a plan.
Thanks very much for your willingness to participate.
Samuel E. Bodily
John Tyler Professor of Business Administration
Darden Graduate Business School
100 Darden Boulevard
Charlottesville, VA 22903
Phone:  804-924-4813  Fax:  804-243-7677
Thanks,
Cindy,
Can you copy me  also.  Greg does not check his emails regularly.
Thanks,
Liz
Cindy Stark@
03/27/2001 11:28 AM
Dress attire is now BUSINESS CASUAL!
Cindy
thanks for seeing him
Christie,
Greg has a conf. on his calendar during the period of May 9.  Let me check 
w/him to see if he really plans on attending the conf. 
Liz
hi Greg!
Stanford is not giving up on your participating in a speaking engagement.  As 
set forth below, how about MAY 9th??
Thanks!
--Christie.
"Haim Mendelson"  	03/16/2001 12:03 AM
Please respond to "Haim Mendelson"
Christie,
Thanks.  How about May 9? We can probably do May 8 or 10, but May 9 looks
best.
Thanks
Haim
Haim Mendelson
The General Atlantic Partners Professor of Electronic Business and Commerce,
and Management
Co-Director, Center for Electronic Business and Commerce
Director, E-Commerce Executive Programs
Co-Director, Strategic Uses of Information Technology
Stanford Business School
Stanford, CA 94305-5015
Phone: (650) 725-8927
Fax: (650) 725-7979
Email: haim@stanford.edu
do we know the categories and nominees?
Greg Whalley  i didn't get the email
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail Personal Address -  Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Do you have it now?
Greg Whalley  i didn't get the email
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail Personal Address -  Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
Christie,
Are you needing to do this during the month of April?  Throw me back some 
dates to play with.  The 3rd &4th week of April are no good.  Early May could 
work out fine, it that's not too late 
Liz
Hey Greg!
Though you're unavailable on March 21st to speak at Stanford, Stanford still 
wants YOU 
Will you please check your calendar and  propose some dates you can make it 
there--the class is about 50 Exec eds, CXO levels form high profile 
companies.  It would be an easy presentation--about 1hr 1/2 on "The evolution 
of Enron".
Thanks!
--Christie.
"Haim Mendelson"  	03/15/2001 10:55 AM
Please respond to "Haim Mendelson"
Christie,
If Greg comes to the Bay Area sporadically, we can plan around that.  What I
have in mind now is our E-Commerce Seminar (Wednesdays every two weeks)
which is an open forum for discussing E-Commerce issues.
Best
Haim
Haim Mendelson
The General Atlantic Partners Professor of Electronic Business and Commerce,
and Management
Co-Director, Center for Electronic Business and Commerce
Director, E-Commerce Executive Programs
Co-Director, Strategic Uses of Information Technology
Stanford Business School
Stanford, CA 94305-5015
Phone: (650) 725-8927
Fax: (650) 725-7979
Email: haim@stanford.edu
 Dear Haim,