- ED_c03_volatility.zip
Mike,
Please, take a look at  it. Can we give him some useful comments to
establish a relationship?
Vince
See my storage story that begins on 1. Plus you might find the issue to be
of interest. I will be doing little occasionally fee pieces for the
Transportation &
Storage Report and will be having lunch with them tomorrow so any thoughts
you have on my piece or the report would be appreciated.
,
JHHerbert
- ts06-29.pdf
Sam,
Thanks.  I shall write one.
Vince
Good Morning, Vince!
This is just a reminder that I will need some sort of technical article for 
the newsletter by the morning of 10 Jul. (since we won't have an issue this 
coming Monday).  I'd like to get a little earlier start and see if we can get 
one or two pieces by then.  What do you think?
By the way, I have Gwyn Koepke lined up as the "personality of the week" so 
we're okay there.
,
Sam
Jana,
What about Friday ro Saturday night
(your choice).
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 06/29/2000 08:50:56 AM
Vince,
I checked with David, and the weekend of the 29th is fine.  Which night is
good for you and your family?
Have a good 4th!
jana
Tom,
Greg's phone number is 713 853 5220. He is very difficult to reach
(frequent trips).
You may find this information useful: Greg is a West Point graduate
and spent a few years in the  military, before obtaining an MBA from Stanford.
He is a very dynamic person and a very pragmatic thinker.
I hope you have a great holiday weekend.
Vince
Vince:  Thanks for this message and update on your recent actions to
establish a closer research relationship between Enron and Wharton.  We are
anxious to work with your firm on many fronts and appreciate all that you
and Jeff Shankman are doing to facilitate closure on a number of
initiatives.
The below article is very interesting and reinforces the entrepreneurial
culture of Enron; it also points out one more reason why our faculty is so
interested in collaborating with you and other executives as the company
moves into this new space.
I would like to call Greg Whalley after the 4th of July weekend to establish
contact and begin a dialogue regarding his interest in joining our efforts
as a Corporate Partner. Will you please provide me contact information?
Please let me know if there is any additional information or material you
will need prior to your meeting with Jeff Skilling.  We are anxious to learn
how he responds to your suggestions.
Thanks again for all that you are doing.  Hope you have a great 4th of
July!!
TOM
Clayton,
It translates into a credit risk for those on the other side of the hedge.
Many producers have a long history of poor timing of hedges.
I could give you quite a long list. They definitely need a bright
adviser who will tell them the price of gas two years from now.
Vince
Clayton Vernon @ ENRON
06/29/2000 01:02 AM
Vince:
Here's an amazing factoid in today's paper related to the issue of how much 
money you can "make" (sic) by hedging:
Other companies analysts say are saddled with hedges include El Paso Energy 
Corp. and Coastal Corp., which are merging. 
A Coastal official declined to comment on the company's forward positions. 
Although El Paso is known for its pipeline business, it produces gas as 
result of its $6.2 billion acquisition last year of Sonat. "More than 90 
percent" of that gas is hedged through the rest of the year, said Bruce 
Connery, vice president of investor relations. The forward contracts are for 
$2.40, he said. 
Hedging in the current market plays to the company's primary aim of meeting 
investors' expectations, Connery said. 
"Our first goal is to deliver the earnings goal that we set out, and that 
dictates that we hedge out commodity volatility," he said. 
$2.40??? Are you kidding 
Clayton
FYI,
My message to RISK.
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
06/05/2000 08:04 AM
Conrad,
Thanks for your message.
There are 3 papers Enron contributed to the last MEPR.
There is also another paper on electricity I contributed to the "red book" on 
US
power markets, as well as a paper or credit risk management, and a paper
on weather derivatives. All these papers included in other RISK books were 
written by Enron 
employees.
We would like them included as well, if technically possible.
I think that offering other energy related books through our site, in 
addition to MEPR2,
is fine, but I would leave the decision to Dan Diamond, who is responsible 
for the project.
Vince
Conrad Gardner  >Date: Mon, 05 Jun 2000 13:02:02
Li,
I shall take care of it Thursday.
Please, call me at the end of the day.
Vince
Li Xiao@
06/27/2000 11:31 AM
Hi, Vince,
I was told by Molly that she hasn't received the recommendation form from you 
yet.
Since I got admission late from the school, now I am short of time of getting 
I-20 which needs loan approval,
and getting visa status transferred (from H-1 to F-1) which requires I-20 and 
loan approval 
and normally takes around 45 days through INS (Immigration Naturalization 
Service).
Now, I am trying to push every step to speed up the process in order to 
catch up the school opening at beginning of Sept.
I know I just told you this late last week. Nevertheless, I am writing to see
if you can squeeze some time to finish the recommendation form anytime soon. 
It will be a big help.
Thank you very much, Vince.
Have a good day.
Sincerely, 
Li x39635
Laura DeShazer=20
OIL & GAS JOURNAL ONLINE=01;=20
www.ogjonline.com=20
800.874.1510 phone=20
918.831.9120 fax=20
vince
vince
Gentlemen,
Thankyou for your fine effort. I'll e-mail thru Thurs eve (Sydney time) what
we have done to incorporate it into our material (which wasn't toooo
painful) to see if it is OK with you. A couple of quick questions though.
Vince - your section had a number of footnote numbers, but no actual
footnotes - can you please resend them?
Grant - I agree it would be good to have the final figure. What happens if
you plot the historical data and the simulations on the same graph - but
with different axis?
Many thanks and 
Chris.
Greg,
Dale Nesbitt is a consultant who develops pricing models (spot and fwd)
prices for E-commerce sites. He will be in Houston in the beginning of July.
Any interest in meeting him?
Vince
VKaminski@aol.com on 06/11/2000 03:17:23 PM
o:    Vince:
Thanks for your help in this matter.  I dont want to be a bother to you.  I
know you are doing your best to put this together as a go between.
As you might suspect, I am in a hurry to put together the right hearing at
Enron because MarketPoint is just now being completed--U.S. and world oil
and gas and North American electricity.  We have just signed up our first
web provider (e-Acumen.com), who is preparing to vend our North American
electric generation data base over their website.  I believe we are an
integral part of their offering.  It wont be long before MarketPoint needs
the capitalization to meet our growing customer needs professionally and
quickly, particularly when we sign up one or more vertical portals to vend
or offer fundamental forward projections from our models.  I a loath to do
so without the capitalization and staffing we need.  Also, I am loath to do
so without the market reach that a partner like Enron could render instantly
available.
I also would be eager during my next trip to Houston to continue the
discussion with you regarding how MarketPoint might benefit Enron directly.
I plan to be there the last week in June.
Thanks again for all your help and support.
Dale
Ed,
I shall be available on both days. What about Wednesday,
July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00. Please, let me know
what time would work for you.
It will be nice to see you again.
Vince
P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL?
Dear Vince,
I will be returning to Houston during the  week of July 10.
ESAI and Weather Services International have launched -- after more than 18
months of R&D --  our service, called Energycast Power Trader and Energycast
Gas Trader, for power traders in Nepool and PJM. I would be happy to review
the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site. Are you
available on July 12 - 13?
Sincerely,
Ed Krapels
- 61900_WSIESAI_Energycast.doc
Dale,
Sorry for a delay in responding to your message.
I shall talk to the head of our B2B unit on Friday this week and
shall remind him about your visit.
I hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested
in pursuing this opportunity
Vince
Vince:
I sent you an email a couple of days ago to inquire if we might get together
at your offices on July 5 or July 7 in Houston to follow up our earlier
discussions.  I notice I have two email addresses for you, so I am sending
this to both.  I am not sure the earlier transmission got to you.
Would you be available the afternoon of the 5th or the morning of the 7th to
continue our earlier discussions?  Give me an email or phone shout at
650.218.3069.
Thanks
Dale Nesbitt
Tom,
I am sending you the information about our new B2B unit.
I have talked yesterday with Greg Whalley who is heading the new
unit about the E-commerce project at Wharton and recommended that Enron join
this program.
I have sent him this morning a copy of the materials you gave me.
The meeting with Jeff Skilling has been pushed till the 2nd half of July.
I talked to him briefly twice that Jeff Shankman and I want to discuss with
him building a relationship with Wharton. Jeff Shankman is, by the way, a 
great friend of
your institution.
Vince
COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and
bytes mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only 
a start in
building B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin:
COMPANIES & FINANCE: THE AMERICAS: Enron sees bricks and 
bytes
mix reshaping energy market: Purchase of MG only a start 
in building
B2B platforms, writes Hillary Durgin:
99% match; Financial Times ; 16-Jun-2000 12:00:00 am 604 words
By HILLARY DURGIN
If Jeffrey Skilling is right, 
Enron's acquisition of MG is only the tip of the iceberg. 
Enron's president and
chief operating officer is engineering a fundamental 
strategy shift at the
Houston energy company, aimed at making it a dominant 
"new economy"
player across various industrial markets. 
The Dollars 446m acquisition last month of MG, the 
UK-based metals trader,
is only the first of more than Dollars 1bn in estimated 
new investments the
company is targeting. It is seeking vehicles on which to 
build
business-to-business (B2B) platforms in sectors such as 
logistics, chemicals,
agricultural products and pulp & paper. 
Mr Skilling wants to take the business model the company 
developed in
natural gas and power and apply it to other wholesale 
commodity markets. He
argues the electronic platforms it creates will not only 
become the principal
B2B sites for those sectors, but reshape those 
industries. 
As an example, he points to Enron's new e-commerce 
platform, EnronOnline,
which has changed the way the company does business with 
its customers
while significantly increasing sales. 
The company - the largest wholesale merchant of natural 
gas and power - saw
wholesale, physical deliveries of natural gas surge 53 
per cent in the first
quarter. 
Critics argue that Enron's move away from its familiar 
energy business into
new industries, where the learning curve is steep and the 
competition
entrenched, is risky. Yet a number of industry analysts 
point out Enron has
proved it understands markets and how to manage risks 
while becoming the
largest importer of coal in the UK, the largest trader of 
gas and power in the
US and grabbing an advantage in bandwidth. 
"It's a prudent strategy, but it's got to be done in an 
orderly way," says Ronald
Barone, analyst with Paine-Webber in New York. "What 
they're doing here is
what they've been incredibly successful at doing," he 
adds, noting that Enron
posted Dollars 1.3bn in earnings before interest and 
taxes (ebit) from its
wholesale energy and services business in 1999, up 34 per 
cent from the
previous year. 
Earnings from that division accounted for two-thirds of 
the company's overall
income before interest and taxes last year, and Mr Barone 
sees the unit's ebit
increasing 15-30 per cent annually over several years. 
As with gas and power and now broadband, where Enron is 
standardising
contracts and creating a market in bandwidth, it wants to 
create markets by
entering as a physical player and providing merchant, 
risk management and
financial services over the internet. 
"We will provide electronic commerce, but we will provide 
liquidity and we will
provide settlement, or fulfilment of that contract," Mr 
Skilling says. "That is an
extremely powerful model. If you look at other B2B sites, 
they don't do that 
Mr Skilling argues Enron's e-commerce platform will 
triumph over the other,
bulletin board-type exchanges, where striking a deal 
depends on two parties
hooking up and working through uncertainties over timing, 
price, credit and
fulfilment. 
Not everyone shares that view. Some energy companies, for 
example, would
rather not do business with a competitor. BP Amoco 
recently purchased a 3
per cent stake in Altra Energy Technologies, a Houston- 
based, neutral
wholesale energy exchange. With Koch Industries and 
American Electric
Power, it also committed to carry out a fixed volume of 
transactions on the
site to lend it liquidity. 
Just as in gas and power and now broadband and metals, 
Enron believes it
needs networks of strategic physical assets. In acquiring 
MG, Enron got a
stable of warehouses, lending it a strong physical 
position. 
"It should provide (MG) with a more vibrant, more active 
physical spot market
in more markets in the world," says Greg Whalley, chief 
executive officer of
Enron Net Works, the new division Enron is launching to 
identify and enter
commodity markets. He argues that in metals and other 
markets, Enron will
deliver better pricing, price risk management services, 
cross-commodity
transactions and flexible transactions for a wider range 
of customers. 
Mr Skilling says there are significant rewards for 
restructuring an industry. 
"If you can take that platform, and you use the 
capabilities the bricks bring to
the table, e-commerce the industry and change the 
structure, you're selling for
more than a 50 multiple 
Jana,
A correction. I am going to spend one week in Australia and I have
just realized that I have to leave on Friday, July the 14th, at night,
to arrive in Sydney on Sunday morning.
Maybe we can meet on Friday the 7th (we would like to invite you
to dinner and then we can have a glass of wine outside, the weather
and mosquitoes permitting).
Alternatively, we can meet during the weekend of July the 29th.
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 06/26/2000 01:27:41 PM
Vince,
The weekend of July 15, 2000 is fine for us.  Which day is better for
you--Friday or Saturday?
Do you want to go to the Woodlands for a show, or just visit?  Also, let me
know if I can bring something.
Thanks and we look forward to meeting your family.
jana
Piotr,
Dziekuje za wiadomosc. Bede prawdopodobnie w Londynie
w koncu wrzesnia. Ciesze sie, ze wszystko idzie 
pomyslnie.
Odezwij sie, jesli bedziesz przyjezdzal do Stanow.
Rozmawialem ostatnio z Twoim kolega, Avi Hauser.
Wicek
Wincenty Kaminski
10 Snowbird
The Woodlands, TX 77381 Phone:  (281) 367 5377 (h)
(713) 853 3848 (o)
Cell     :  (713) 898 9960
(713) 410 5396 (office mobile phone)
Vince J Kaminski
06/27/2000 08:05 AM
Test
Brian,
The last class + plus a few days (depending on when I have
to submit the grades).
Vince
Mr. Kaminski,
I had an interview last Thusday in Dallas and could not attend class.  Did
you set a project deadline?
Thanks,
Brian Nelson
This is the list of projects for the members of the "quant" team.
If you are working on different project, please, ignore this message.
Please, develop in a spreadsheet solutions/examples for the following:
1. Black-Scholes formula
2. Black's formula
3. Develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using:
a. GBM
b. GBM + jump (Formula 2.16 in the book, Figure 2.7)
c. Mean reversion + jump (Formula 2.17, Figure 2.8)
4. Schwartz Single Factor Model (Formula 6.12)
5. Develop models corresponding to the Figures 7.1, 7.3, 7.5, 7.6, 7.8
Vince
FYI
Vince
Vince J Kaminski
06/20/2000 04:27 PM
Ken,
I shall be glad to join you for lunch with MEC.
Vince Kaminski
Kenneth Lay@ on 06/20/2000 04:23:31 PM
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming@
On Tuesday, July 25, I am meeting with Molecular Electronics Corp. (MEC) to 
discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in 
Houston.  For those of you that are not familiar with MEC, they are 
considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing MEC has approached Enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate 
their development and, in particular, location in the Houston area.  MEC 
represents the frontier of computing technology.
I would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of 
the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an 
industry.  I would appreciate it if you could join us on July 25  from 11:30 
to 1:30 in EB49C1 for this informal roundtable with the CEO of MEC, Harvey 
Plotnick and one of the founders, Jim Tour.
Will you please let Vanessa Groscrand know if you can attend at 713-853-1769 
or please reply by e-mail to me.
Ken Lay
1, Li Xiao
2. Accom
3. Barbara Weather 
Vince,
I would like to receive copies of both your energy risk and weather
presentations from the Risk2000 conference in Boston.
Thanks,
Allen Bryson
Conoco
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 06/26/2000 01:27:41 PM
Vince,
The weekend of July 15, 2000 is fine for us.  Which day is better for
you--Friday or Saturday?
Do you want to go to the Woodlands for a show, or just visit?  Also, let me
know if I can bring something.
Thanks and we look forward to meeting your family.
jana
Shirley,
Please, set up a phone interview. Stinson, Krishna, Paulo, Grant.
Vince
Vince, thanks for returning my call. Here's Rabi's resume for your review. As 
I mentioned, I worked with Rabi for a little over a year at Shell and was 
very impressed with both his abilities and work ethic. If you would like any 
further info from me, please do not hesitate to give me a call.
Thanks.
Bill
(For Human Resources)
Rabi De 
Dear Bill:
Thank you very much for volunteering to circulate my resume within Enron. As 
you know, I am interested in exploring career opportunities in Financial 
Engineering within Enron. I am particularly interested in joining the 
research group headed by Dr. Vince Kaminski. 
Enron continues to innovate its way through the energy and telecom 
marketplace using its substantial intellectual capital. The enclosed resume 
details my experience, academic background, and contributions in the area of 
risk modeling and management. Understanding risk is a core competency of 
Enron and I am excited about the possibility of working, learning, and 
growing with the very best in the industry.
Please forward my resume within Enron as you see fit. Thank you in advance 
for any referrals or recommendations you may be able to provide. 
,
Rabi S. De
Do You Yahoo!?
Get Yahoo! Mail- Free email you can access from anywhere!
Sam,
One correction after Stinson in my note at the very end.
You can easily see the correction (redundant "with" was removed).
Vince
Vince,
Did you make any more corrections after Stinson?  He sent me the file, I 
removed the comments, and have put it on the page.
Sam
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
06/26/2000 10:35 AM
Sam,
Stinson's corrections are in red. Mine are in magenta. Remove
all redundant comments.
Vince
Vince,
Was Alex's article okay to include in the newsletter?  I'd like to use it 
today unless you believe otherwise.
Sam
Hi Jana,
I would like to invite you to visit us in the Woodlands one weekend in July.
My wife wants to make the house presentable after her long absence
and the months of my neglect.
I think I need the coming long weekend to clean up all the papers 
and we shall be ready. What about the following weekend or the next one?
Vince
Jlpnymex@aol.com on 06/26/2000 08:23:02 AM
Vince,
How are you?  I hope you and your family had a lovely trip.
I just came back from a Series 3 prep class in NY last week.  One of my
classmates is the new President and CEO of the Montreal Exchange in Canada.
(He thought this class was going to be more advanced)
He told me his exchange is interested in derivatives, and I immediately
thought of you.  I am going to email him your info, so that he might contact
you.  His name is Luc Bertrand.
Let me know when we might all get together.  I am sure your work schedule is
hectic after being out for awhile.
Look forward to hearing from you.
Jana
Dr. Kaminski,
On Wednesday, June 14th I attended your presentation entitled "THE CHALLENGE
OF VALUATION OF ENERGY RELATED DERIVATIVES" at the Risk 2000 conference in
Boston.  Can you please e-mail me the slides you presented.
Also, you mentioned that the method you used to calculate volatility for
energy prices was not the "normal" method.  Can you please tell me, or give
me a reference to the method that you did use.
Thank you,
Aaron Gould
Senior Risk Management Analyst
PSEG Services Corporation
Aaron.Gould@pseg.com
1-973-456-3527
Vince,
I would like to receive copies of both your energy risk and weather
presentations from the Risk2000 conference in Boston.
Thanks,
Allen Bryson
Conoco
Stinson-san & Co,
We may become famous in Japan. Please, see the message below.
Vince
Masayuki Fujita  Dear Mr. Gardner,
It is very kind you to spare your very busy time to
help me try to publish a Japanese version of RISK book
"Managing Energy Price Risk, 2nd Edition."
I would like to report you that a Japanese financial
publication company "KINZAI" last week agreed to try to
make direct contact with you about the specification of
Japanese edition of the book. So they will offer more
precise condition than my last email below.  Please
take trouble to let me know if any unclear point exist
on the process.
Thanks again for your kindness.
,
Masayuki Fujita
Financial Technology
Research Group
Research Center for
Policy and Economy
Mitsubishi Research
Institute, Inc.
Tel: +81-3-3277-0583
Fax: +81-3-3277-0521
Email: mfujita@mri.co.jp
Masayuki Fujita wrote:
 Dear Mr. Gardner,