hector - is this your mom?
Brian Hoskins@MUNICATIONS
01/09/2001 10:13 AM
Vietnamese War Refugee Becomes Successful 
Cookbook Author in America
Dulles, VA -- (Xpress Press)-- Successful 
Georgetown clothing designer Diana My Tran, 
celebrates the culture of her homeland in 
THE VIETNAMESE COOKBOOK, an easy-to-follow 
guide to Vietnamese cuisine.
In 1975 Diana Tran left Vietnam as part of 
a mass exodus when Saigon fell to Ho Chi 
Minh's North Vietnamese troops. The pregnant 
20-year-old had no idea where she was going 
or what she would do when she arrived, and 
was forced to make a new life for herself 
in a foreign country.  Over the past two 
decades she has gone from not knowing a word 
of English to being a successful clothing 
designer and dressmaker, with clients in the 
upper echelons of politics, media, and society.
Yet despite her success in America, Diana 
staunchly holds on to her Vietnamese heritage. 
"I want to keep our family heritage alive, es-
pecially for my children.  The easiest way to 
do that is through the food."  She says that 
when she first came to America, she missed the 
many joyous family celebrations and their acc-
ompanying feasts, and tried to recreate them 
for her new friends in America.
"When I first arrived in America, cooking 
Vietnamese dishes was a challenge, because 
there were no Asian food stores in Carlisle PA Most of the time I could not find the tradi-
tional ingredients and had to make substitutions, 
but the food turned out just fine," she says. 
Diana recorded all of these substitutions in 
her cookbook, keeping the original tastes and 
textures. The recipes make use of ingredients 
easily found in local supermarkets, and show 
step-by-step instructions for making the healthy 
delights of Vietnamese cuisine fast and simply.
"My time for cooking is as limited as it ever 
was when I was a new immigrant," Tran says "Traditional Vietnamese food can take time and 
effort to prepare-time I usually don't have, so 
I have created my own easier versions of Vietn-
amese dishes, tailored to the busy American 
lifestyle."
Diana's cookbook has been featured in The 
Washington Post, The Chicago Sun-Times, Charlotte 
Observer, Arkansas Democrat Gazette, and the 
Portland Press-Herald.   Diana has also appeared 
on Fox Noon News in Washington, DC and Poor Man's 
Kitchen in Seattle, WA. She is available for inter-
views about her family's flight from Saigon and her 
American success story.
For feedback purposes, we are interested in hearing
from you whether you found the information in this 
E-zine to be valuable or relevant. Please forward 
your responses to Mark Chambers at mark@arcamax.com
Internet Call Waiting - FREE for 30 Days!
Get Pagoo Internet Call Waiting, the smart answer 
to missed calls! Pagoo takes voice messages and instantly 
plays them for you on your computer -- all while you're 
still on the Internet. Pagoo is quick and easy to download.
* Includes Caller ID and UNLIMITED voice messaging.
* Try Pagoo Totally FREE for a 30 day trial.
Children's Bible Stories
Compton's Reference Collection
Green Eggs And Ham by Dr. Seuss
ClickArt Christian Graphics
Compton's Encyclopedia 2000
Galaxy of MahJongg Games
January Special Days ready for you now! 
100% Absolutely FREE! Get Creative! Personalize yours for 
each special reader. It's fun. It's fast. It's FREE!
The Berenstain Bears encounter some beary scary situations! But, 
through four short stories and activities the little bears discover 
that things aren't as scary as they seem. When Little Bears Are 
Scaredy Bears software is organized around short stories very 
similar to the well-known paperback series. Mama, Papa, Brother, 
and Sister Bear gently help children explore some childhood fears 
and learn that there's no need to be scared when fears are 
confronted. Kids will enjoy hours of fun with the charming and 
funny family, all while learning one of life's little lessons. 
Ages 4 - 6.
Win or MAC. Just $7.95 with FREE S&H in US! Limited Quantities. 
ADVERTISING With ArcaMax, Inc.
Reach up to 3.8 Million Readers Daily!
Advertise your product or service with ArcaMax, Inc.
Opt-in Direct email that pays! Get details now at:
To Subscribe to any of our FREE ezines visit:
Subscribing is very quick and easy and 
you can unsubscribe at any time!
UNSUBSCRIBING
To Unsubscribe, click on this link:
and we'll get you done.
Having Trouble?
If you are trying to Unsubscribe by clicking on the Unsubscribe 
link and it does not work, you may also unsubscribe at:
you are subscribed with the following email address:
brian.hoskins@
we will look fwd to it
Good morning. How about Sat. night, @ Cafe Natalie. Wonderful food, cheap.
Atmosphere is ??? We like it. It is near our home. Say 6-6:30? Mother needs
to make reservations. Let us know ASAP.-L