- AREM Fact Sheet 2212001 ver 2272001.doc
- Q&A @ ESP Reversions 22701.doc
- AReM FAQ FINAL3.doc
- AREM Fact FINAL3.doc
Scott Govenar  	02/28/2001 11:08 AM
ABX1 60 (Hertzberg) was just scheduled for hearing this afternoon in the
Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability Committee.  In brief, the bill
does the following:
Require, as a condition of certification by the CEC, that an applicant
offer to sell to an electrical
corporation, a municipal corporation, or the Department of Water
Resources, at a just and reasonable cost base price electrical power
generated by the facility.
This bill would also prohibit a person or entity, as defined, from
operating an electrical generation facility unless the person or entity
has submitted to the commission, within the time prescribed by
regulations adopted by the commission, a maintenance and outage
schedule, and the commission has approved that schedule.
ced.pdf
STEVE KEAN
Billy Dorsey@_DEVELOPMENT
02/28/2001 08:53 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, March 5th
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ____X___
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
March 2nd.
Thank you, 
Bill Dorsey.
Sorry, I think you should talk directly with Rosalee.
Karen Owens@EES
02/27/2001 01:05 PM
Steve, I was wondering if you have any information for me or should I speak 
with someone else?  Thanks, Karen
Karen Owens
02/16/2001 11:52 AM
Steve, 
Do you have any information for me regarding this? 
Karen
Karen Owens
02/12/2001 10:12 AM
Steve,
Lou's sister, Sue Yang, is a member of the National Women's Political 
Caucus.  This organization has an annual award called "Good Guys" award, 
honoring nationally known men who have supported women on women's issues This year they would like to honor Ken Lay, if he is interested.  Sue does 
need to know if he supports the equal rights amendment and particularly the 
pro-choice amendment as her organization is a pro-choice organization.
Sue can be reached at 908-707-0022 if you would like to speak with her.
Please advise on the above.
Karen
Outstanding.   Congratulations, Lauren
Kelly Kimberly@MUNICATIONS
02/27/2001 03:53 PM
Steve, Lauren found out yesterday that she's been accepted in the Columbia 
University International MBA program.  She has class four days a month so 
happily for me it will be while she is working.  Isn't that great?
Please see the attached letter to Senator Wyden.  I am also sending a hard 
copy by regular mail.
Attached is the text I would like to use for the letters to Feinstein and 
Murkowski.  Please set up on my letterhead.  Linda or Tom -- any comments?
The Wyden letter is in good shape; I have given Maureen some minor 
handwritten edits.  It will go out this a.m.
Thanks for everyone's patience 
I would like to exchange ideas on topics for the upcoming Enron Advisory 
Council meeting.  The discussion you led last time was particularly thought 
provoking and I'd like to extend an open-ended invitation for you to take the 
floor again on a topic of your choice.
We will have presentations from Gavyn Davies and Larry Lindsay on 
macroeconomic trends as well as the customary domestic political update from 
Bill Kristol.  The balance of the meeting will focus on markets which are, or 
could be, commoditized.  We will update the Council on new markets we've 
added to the Enron portfolio through Enron Networks, (most recently metals 
and paper).  A presentation by you on this, or another trend, would be most 
welcome.
Let me know what you think.
please include shirley on your california updates
Shirley A Hudler@ECT
02/23/2001 10:46 AM
You mentioned at the end of our conf call last week that there might be an 
internal distribution I should be on.  Is there someone I should contact to 
get on the list?
Please give me Amy's e-mail address.  I'd like to get in touch with her Thanks.
Emily Sellers
02/06/2001 01:16 PM
Steve, Amy Kim asked me to forward this to you.  She wasn't sure if she had 
the correct email address.
Emily Sellers
Dear Steve,
This is Amy Kim (I am "borrowing" this e-mail address for the next
week and a half).  I was a Summer Associate with the CALME
Group (as it was known then) this past summer.  I was introduced
to you by Michael Moran.  As you may recall, I interviewed with
you back in September for a possible position within your division
for this summer.  Again, I appreciate you fitting me into your busy
schedule.  I enjoyed our conversation about the East Asian
economy.
You asked that I keep in touch with you throughout the last year of
my studies.  I recently spoke with Michael Moran to get his opinion
on how best to contact you.  He suggested that I e-mail you with
an update as to how I'm doing and of my continued interest in
working in Government Affairs and Regulations.
I will be graduating this June with a J.D. and Ph.D. in Political
Science.  I will be taking the bar exam for New York and
Massachusetts.  I would like to express my interest in joining your
group.  I feel that working within your group would provide me with
the opportunity to incorporate my vast knowledge of the political
arena as well as my interest in international law (environment,
energy, etc 
I hope that you still consider me a good candidate for this position.
I look forward to your reply.
,
Amy Kim 
Steve is not available next Wednesday evening - he will be returning from out 
of town.
Sorry.
Lexi Elliott
02/23/2001 01:03 PM
Due to scheduling conflicts with Sheila and Morela, Monday's dinner has been 
changed to Wednesday.  I need 3-4 people to attend.  Please let me know if 
you would be available Wednesday evening at 7pm.  Once it is confirmed, I 
will let you know.
,
lexi
Nick:
It looks like Skilling will be able to attend the conference on May 15th However, he will need to speak in the morning, because his flight leaves on 
the 15th at 3:50 p.m.
Let us know if that will work.
Thanks.
Tara Rafter
02/20/2001 06:08 PM
Please provide your assistance in completing the attached questionnaire 
relating to 2000 lobbying activities.  I would like to receive all completed 
questionnaires on or before March 9, 2001.  If you have any questions, please 
feel free to contact me at 713-345-8362.  Thanks so much for your help.
Tara Rafter
Director
Enron Corp. Tax Planning
Expense Server@_Development
02/21/2001 03:02 PM
Lexi Elliott
02/21/2001 03:21 PM
Steve and Brad:
We need to coordinate schedules in order to interview these last 2 candidates.
Stacy Durbin needs a round 2 interview and Tony Pule needs round 1 (he had a 
death in the family and was unable to attend last week).
Please let me know when during next Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday (February 
26-28) you would be available to donate 1 hour to interview these candidates.
Thank you!
lexi
3-4585
Take a look at the attached and let's discuss.  Maureen is in Vince 
Kaminski's group and wants to leave.  How about reg risk?
Maureen Raymond@ECT
02/21/2001 07:36 PM
As promised yesterday, attached is my resume and the link to the FX and 
Sovereign Risk group's website.  I have also enclosed a list of the projects 
that I have recently completed.  In addition the projects, I have attached an 
inventory of the  curves that I have produced for corporate-wide deal 
assessment.  I produced 483 curves last year for 58 countries, each curve 
requires a full country risk analysis including a macro-economic policy 
analysis, balance of payments analysis, and political risk analysis.  I look 
forward to continuing to provide you with economic analysis in the future.
I   in two months.
,
Maureen 
Attached is some background information for today's Corp. Policy Committee 
meeting.
I will bring hard copies to the meeting.
Please note:  tabs C and D are not included in the email attachment, but will 
be included in the hard copies.
Thank you very much for the note.  Sorry I am so late replying (I am on my 
way to another round -- House hearings this time -- and was recalling your 
note).  It is amazing to me how many people saw the hearing on C-span 
(nothing worthwhile on the Weather Channel, I guess).  Thanks again, and 
welcome aboard.
Daniel Lisk@ECT
02/02/2001 11:10 AM
Mr. Kean,
I would like to tell you I watched your testimony  from Wednesday's Senate 
hearing on C-Span and was very proud to be a member of the Enron team.
I am a new employee in the Gas Logistics department, scheduling PG&E 
Northwest for the West Desk (Rockies).  I am also new to the industry and 
unfamiliar with most external factors affecting the current situation 
regarding the sell of Natural Gas to California.  I found your presentation 
and testimony enlightening, direct, and informative.
Thank you for showing to the world Enron is synonymous with intelligence, 
knowledge, and respect.
Respectfully,
Daniel Lisk
Bill:
I am hoping we can count on you for the domestic political update.  We should 
have a lot to talk about this time.
Please let me know.
Forward on if you find it helpful
Michael Hicks@ECT
02/15/2001 09:29 AM
Steve:
I asked our consultant who provided assistance on the NEPCO project in 
Pakistan to give us some thoughts on Dabhol.  I have also discussed this with 
Pete van de Gohm and he is working with Steve Reistetter at EE&CC.  Our 
thoughts are that we really need the DPC folks in Mumbai involved, as they 
will have to liaise with the authorities.  They probably are already 
involved, but nobody's bringing me into the loop from that end.
,
Mike Hicks
PhilEJones@aol.com
02/14/2001 09:25 AM
14 Feb
Dear Mike:
I'm probably not going to tell you anything you haven't thought of, but
here's my response:
Doesn't sound too good.  These groups have been losing out in the great
transition between Nehruvian mercantile-socialism and the current effort to
get India--at least half way--into the world economy.  Some of their
demonstrations in Andhra Pradesh recently turned violent.  These also were
focused on privatization issues and the decline of the state-owned sector
(where these groups dominate).  These groups have allies in the more radical
environmental groups.  They are trying to revive their political base and, in
India, there's nothing like a big American company to focus on, particularly
on the issue of electricity rates--something that affects everybody.
Not being familiar with the site, access or connections to the outside world,
I can't comment on those aspects.  I assume Dabhol has a PR effort going to
show how Maharashtra people and industry need reliable supplies of
electricity, etc.
Generally, I think you have to plan for the worst, but look for avenues to
reduce tensions--open up a back channel to the leaders now, hold any
demonstration well short of the perimeter, but let a small group in to
present petitions, etc.
Make sure the state level politicians and senior bureaucrats guarantee the
facility will be protected.  If something really big seems to be in the
works, see if they will put the plant and surrounding area under Section 144
(or whatever the successor emergency regulation is)--it prohibits meetings
and allows the police to break up demonstrations before they get started.
Work with the State Home Secretary and district level Superintendent of
Police to make sure sufficient police will be on site to hold the perimeter
and protect key facilities--the control room, fuel supply, plant.
Above all, make sure an experienced, senior majestrate will be on site
empowered to raise the level of response--but only if really needed.  The
Indians have a well-developed command and control system for these kinds of
demonstrations.  Escalation starts at baton charging and moves on to tear
gas.  If the police are attacked violently and have difficulty holding, the
majestrate can order live firing over the heads of the demonstrators.  If
police are in danger of being overrun and suffering casualties, the
majestrate can order firing into the mob.  Obviously, you don't want things
to go that far.  There are lots of tactical possibilities in the early stages
and cagey police officers will use them.
These are things the police and majestrates can do, but which your own
security force is not legally empowered to do, at least outside the
perimeter.  Your counsel in Maharashtra can tell you what are the legalities
of your own security force using force to protect your property.  Based on
that, you can take the appropriate steps to deploy your own security force.
In the vast majority of cases, these kinds of demonstrations are contained
without much problem.  Very occasionally, they do get out of hand--and one
has to be ready for that.
Hope this helps,
Phil Jones, Ph.D.
Deodar Associates, Inc.
Tori L Wells@ECT
02/20/2001 12:54 PM
Rob:
Mr. Lay will no longer be giving the presentation at the above mentioned 
event, Steve Kean will.  If you have prepared anything for this, will you 
please get it to Steve?
Thank you, and if you have any questions please let me know.
Tori
Tori L Wells@ECT
02/20/2001 12:54 PM
Rob:
Mr. Lay will no longer be giving the presentation at the above mentioned 
event, Steve Kean will.  If you have prepared anything for this, will you 
please get it to Steve?
Thank you, and if you have any questions please let me know.
Tori
Expense Server@_Development
02/07/2001 04:47 PM
Expense Server@_Development
02/14/2001 11:35 AM
New meeting request from Richard Shapiro
02/23/2001 08:00 AM Local Time
02/23/2001 12:00 PM Local Time
Title: Meeting w/ Seabron Adamson to discuss wholesale market structure 
issues... LMP, forward markets, etc.....redefining and better articulating 
Enron's policy positions
Location:  -No room information available-
Chair:  Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron
To (required): Steven J Kean/NA/Enron, James D Steffes/NA/Enron, Joe 
Hartsoe/Corp/Enron, Steve Walton/HOU/ECT
cc (optional 
Sherri Sera
02/15/2001 11:48 AM
Steve, I thought you should probably see this, too.  Any idea what this guy 
is rambling about?  SRS
I'm still trying to sift thru this, but I thought you should read.
Joannie
Will Griffin  Dear Ms. Williamson:
Per an autoresponder from Yorleni Mendez, I am forwarding to you
what I sent to Enron & others a couple of days ago, which was in
supplement to what I sent on Feb. 6th.  Time is of the essence and not
on your side.  Nor are the facts & the law on your side.  Therefore, you
need to find a way to get us to be on your side.
Due to the urgency and foreseeable and announced forthcoming event
horizons, I believe you may wish to provide copies of the attached to
the proper persons at Enron for their immediate attention.  Please let
them know that if I have to continue to give information & documents to
the U.S. Senate and the proper others, that I will do so and then also
show that the failure of Hughes interests/companies to take remedial
measures was indeed blatant refusal.  We have already logged where
Hughes companies/interests have been to
thus you might as well continue to
visit there and see where we have posted changes and new information.
The knowledge of the Hughes companies/interests of these matters is now
clearly established.  We've already submitted some of our visitor logs
and other documents to the proper others, establishing the knowledge of
Hughes companies/interests to others.  This is something I am sure will
be most meaningful to the lawyers, along with a few other things I'm
sure which will get their attention..
Also please have someone forward the attached to William Rice
Lummis, James A. Baker and others and advise them that surprises,
attention getters & wake-up calls are just around the corner.  They need
to contact us soon, before it becomes improper to discuss how a
reasonable (fanny & facing-saving) resolve for Hughes
interests/companies may be achieved.
Will Griffin
X-Mozilla-Status2: 00000000
Dear Hughes Electronics, Enron, HHMI, and Hughes Lawyers, et. al:
I am fully aware how many of the Hughes interests visited
after I sent you an e-mail on Feb. 6,
2001, advising you of your impending difficulties and exposures.
I have made some changes to these Hughes related pages, including
posting my advisory to you to   for
your convenience and reference, with active e-mail links to you and each
other.
Also since I contacted you last week (the next day), Enron has been
in the news as being the biggest beneficiary of the California energy
woes, while also being the largest contributor, fund-raiser and general
benefactor to President George W. Bush.
Another article goes even further showing the relationship of James
Addison Baker III to Enron and Hughes "Bush's Biggest Donors Gain From
High Prices in California Crunch"
You may wish to re-visit the updated
(refesh/reload the page to clear your
browser's cache of the previous copy) after reviewing the news articles
links about Enron provided above.  You should know and reasonably
foresee that you are not the only visitors to my Hughes pages.  You
should also know that I've had contact with the proper authorities and
this to include correspondences within this past week.  Then again, I'm
sure many in the pipeline of those who review this and my previous
advisory know this to be true, or to reasonably foresee the interest of
many others at a minimum.
I believe you to foresee more to soon become public difficulties for
you and that the intensity will no doubt increase significantly.  You
should know that any political related problems will include Democrats
in volumes, but there exists quite a few Republicans who will disavow
and distance themselves from you.  The China-Hughes missile & satellite
technology transfers, that were cited in the Cox Committee report, and
the arming of Sadaam Hussein with Hughes technologies issues are about
to pop up their heads and see a longer shadow than the groundhog
recently did.  This, in addition to the recent articles about Enron,
current activities and forthcoming event horizons, is not good news for
Hughes interests.
You just might want to ask William Rice Lummis and James A. Baker
III, et. al. how they intend to solicit the help of the guy who holds
the keys to resolve, who they've got a little miffed at them, because of
what was done to him in an ad hominem attempt.  Certainly, when it is
true that if he now does nothing and a profound correlation exists
between how bad things go for you and how good things go as a result for
him, then why should he help y'all?  It appears if you ask Mr. Baker
about the Matter of Hughes and how we hold the keys to an amiable
resolve, that he will stipulate that it will take some real "Politics of
Diplomacy" to persuade us to help you, but that this needs to be
urgently accomplished.
Will Griffin
- griffgrp.vcf
- griffgrp.vcf
please mail to melissa kean, 3631 meadowlake, houston, tx 77027 thanks
"Urban Retreat"  	02/15/2001 09:50 AM
Thank you for your Gift Certificate order it has been received and will be
processed today. If you printed out the gift certificate that "copy" will be
honored at the check out counter at any Urban Retreat. If you prefer a hard
copy mailed to you or the recipient, please let us know by e-mail.  That way
it can be mailed to you or the recipients' house or business.  Thank you for
your business.
Sincerely
Urban Retreat
Elizabeth
Cristina
 01_CC_First_Name - Steven
 02_CC_Last_Name_ - Kean
 03_CC_Street_Add - 3631 Meadowlake Lane
 04_CC_City______ - Houston
 05_CC_State_____ - TXTX
 06_CC_Zip_______ - 77027
 07_CC_Email_____ - skean@
 08_CC_Phone_____ - 713-621-6550
 09_CC_Fax_______ - 713-646-8160
 10_CC_Work______ - 713-853-1586
 11_CC_Method_of_Payment -
 12b_GC_First_Name - Melissa
 12c_GC_Last_Name_ - Kean
 12d_GC_Street_Add - 3631 Meadowlake Lane
 12e_GC_City______ - Houston
 12f_GC_State_____ - TX
 12g_GC_Zip_______ - 77027
 12h_GC_Email_____ - kean@rice.edu
 12i_GC_Phone_____ - 713-621-6550
 12j_GC_Fax_______ - 713-621-6559
 14_UR_GP_ELITE_RETREAT_285_QUANTITY+ - 1
 Message______ - Dear URBAN RETREAT(My Order ):__please send me a
confirmation.  thanks
 neo-email_from - skean@
 neo-email_response - ~urbanr/urr.html
 neo-email_subject - URBAN RETREAT ORDER
 neo-email_to - urbanr@neosoft.com,rri@neosoft.com
This is an interesting idea 	Mike J Miller@ECT
02/15/2001 11:06 AM
Steve,
I'm sending this memo to you as a reminder of our one minute conversation in 
the garage last night.
Background
Going back almost three years, John Stinebaugh and I started looking for a 
more efficient method to finance generation projects.  We explored two 
avenues, creating a Master Limited Partnership ("MLP") or a Real Estate 
Investment Trust ("REIT") to own the projects (with Enron as a manager).  The 
advantages of a MLP or a REIT structure are twofold (i) they provide direct 
access to the public equity markets and (ii) they provide a lower cost of 
equity capital because earnings are taxed at the "equity holder" level, not 
at the MLP/REIT level, i.e., you do not have double taxation on earnings as 
with a publically held "C" corporation.  John and I pursued these avenues 
with Jordan Mintz because we wanted to create an off-balance sheet vehicle 
that would provide a lower overall cost of capital so that ENA could be more 
competitive in bidding for acquisitions.  The same vehicle would also have 
provided another exit vehicle for the peakers or other assets that ENA was 
developing at the time.
Jordan explored both MLP and REIT avenues.  The MLP was quickly disqualified 
because electric generation and transmission assets do not qualify as assets 
that can be financed using an MLP structure.  The REIT structure was more 
promising to the point where Jordan had prepared and submitted a request for 
a private letter ruling from the IRS allowing certain types of generating 
assets to be placed into REIT.  Unfortunately, the IRS ruled against our 
request.
Concept
There would still be real value to Enron in having the tax laws changed to 
allow generation and transmission assets to be placed into either a REIT or 
an MLP.  ENA holds economic interests in QF's in third party (non-utility) 
vehicles.  Being able to package these into an MLP/REIT would provide a good 
exit strategy for these and other investments we may acquire in the future Other efforts, such as building/controlling transmission or 
purchasing/developing coal-fired generation projects would also benefit from 
access to cheaper equity capital.
The public policy benefit is pretty clear.  Avoiding double taxation of 
profits/dividends would lower the cost of equity capital invested in 
generation and transmission assets.  This in turn should have a beneficial 
effect on encouraging construction of new (and badly needed) generation and 
transmission assets by lowering the equity return that holders of these 
assets would require.  You could even take existing rate-regulated utility 
generation and transmission assets and lower rates by placing these assets 
into MLP's or REITS by eliminating the federal and state taxes that are 
factored into rates to give utilities their after-tax allowed rates of return.
Given the recent attention on California and de-regulation in general, 
creating more tax-efficient ownership vehicles for these assets could provide 
a way to lower costs without having states acquire these assets and gain 
financing advantages through tax-exempt bond issues.
Conclusion
Given the momentum that may be gathering for new tax legistlation, coupled 
with the growing concer over energy policy, it may be a good time to float 
this change in tax law.  It could reasonably be argued that it would assist 
in directing capital into increasing generation/transmission supply, one of 
the key issues for California.  Jordan can update you further on what we have 
done in the past and what would need to be changed in the tax laws.
,
Mike J Miller
Shelley and Jim, who should follow up?
Michael L Miller
02/20/2001 11:41 AM
Steve,
This meeting was initiated by one of our contacts at the DOE (with whom we 
have a dialogue relating to energy technology).  Some of Dr. Boyce's (do you 
know this guy) topics we can clearly cover, others are a little bit outside 
what Principal Investments does on a day to day basis 
Could you give me some guidance about who should attend this meeting?  Should 
you be there?  Where I really  need help is on the topic of Natural Gas 
Infrastructure Reliability.
Please call if you have any questions.
Michael Miller
Boyce Consultancy  Dear Mr. Miller:
It was a pleasure speaking to you and discussing the upcoming meetings with
DOE.
The US Department of Energy, want to meet with ENRON Executives  to discuss
some of the potential of various Energy Programs that are being considered
by  the Office of Strategic Center for Natural Gas, and with Abbie Layne
Product Manager-Advanced Heat Engines.
Mr. Anderson
Product Manager
Natural Gas Infrastructure Reliability
Would like to discus some of the following topics:
Expected increases in the use of natural gas and projected availability of
this fuel.
? Any special issues associated with distributed generation that could be
addressed with new technologies;
? Concerns about the current price and availability of natural gas causing
on new gas-fired power initiatives;
? Interdependence issues between gas and electric power;
? Any specific natural gas infrastructure issues facing these companies;
? The most important issue concerning natural gas reliability;
? Leadership in R&D;
? Future technology needs; and
? The NETL role in technology development to meet future industry needs.
Mark Williams
Product Manager
Fuel Cells
Would like to discus some of the following topics:
Fuel Cell Distributed Generation (DG) benefits.
? DG deployment allows critical industry to stay at current location even if
local grid is unstable and unreliable;
? DG deployment obviates need for R&D investment;
? Fuel cell DG deployment means being able to site power with no air
permitting required;
? High fuel cell efficiency reduces operating costs for fuel, which is
important where gas is expensive.  Additionally,  high efficiency
utilization frees up natural gas for use at other critical locations;
? Use of zero or low emission fuel cell technology in environmentally
constrained areas permits continued use of other  high emitting generating
plants, thus increasing the overall power available;
?
Fuel cell DG deployment puts the highest quality power in the system
increasing grid reliability and stability; and
? Fuel cell attributes also enhance grid reliability through lower
harmonics, variability control, and voltage control.
Abbie Layne Product Manager-
Advanced Heat Engines.
Would like to discus some of the following topics:
New developments in Gas Turbines
Increasing Reliability and Maintainability of Gas Turbines
Combined Cycle Power Plants Increasing Efficiency
Hybrid Power Systems
Condition Monitoring Systems.
This meeting would be for about 3-4 hours at ENRON's  facilities. The
meetings  arranged for March 6 morning..
A dinner for the DOE is planned at our home at the Huntingdon 2121 Kirby
Drive, for March 7, 2001 at 7:00 pm, and you and your spouse, and other
executives from ENRON are invited.
I am looking forward to meeting with you.
With 
Dr. Meherwan P. Boyce, P.E.
THE BOYCE CONSULTANCY
2121 KIRBY DRIVE, 28N
HOUSTON, TX. 77019
USA
PHONE: 713-807-0888
FAX: 713-807-0088
MOBILE-USA: 713-306-9776
MOBILE-EUROPE & ASIA: 44-467-207-600
E-mail: boyceturbopower@attglobal.net
Web Site: www.boyceconsultancy.com
I agree with John's recommendations.
We have been doing surprisingly well in the press.  And, for the most part, 
those who write bad stuff are doing so based on ideology ... we are not going 
to convert them.
John Ambler@_DEVELOPMENT
02/20/2001 12:08 AM
Steve,
Please forgive the delay.  I was having trouble with my PC again (we have a 
replacement in the works).  We are discretely investigating this group a bit 
more, but the general conclusion is that they may be a front for one of the 
opposition groups.  We are preparing counter arguments for the general 
public, but do not see much value in opening a dialogue with this "group We always have had opposition and we can expect that socialists etc. (some 
groups have boasted that they will storm the DPC fences on March 1) will 
begin to rally using us as a scapegoat for Maharashtra's financial 
difficulties.  At present, we are getting balanced press and I fear that any 
explanation/outreach to the most vitriolic opposition will be used against 
us.  I am available to discuss this at your convenience.
John
Maureen McVicker@
02/16/2001 03:30 PM
Steve's out of the office right now - but will be back shortly.
Please let Steve know what you think.
Thanks.
Jeff Skilling
Sent by: Sherri Sera
02/16/2001 02:21 PM
Steve, please look at the link below.  Jeff wants to know if we should get in 
touch with this group to explain our side.  Thanks, SRS
Tony Pryor (GPG legal) asked if we have any credentials/tickets left for die 
hard democrats in the company.  I know Tony will understand if they are 
already spoken for, but if we have some left that would go unused, we have a 
volunteer.
How's it going?  Are you partied out yet?
fyi
Dan Leff@EES
02/16/2001 11:53 AM
I am meeting with Mike on 2/27.
I will feedback after that.
- Dan
I know you guys have been working around the clock.  I just wanted to make 
sure you hadn't forgotten about Mike Dahlke (whose resume I sent on to you 
Dan).  When you catch a breath please take some time to consider Mike for EES.
Phillip K Allen@ECT
12/22/2000 03:06 PM
Steve,
I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If 
you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.
As far as recommendations, here is a short list:
1.  Examine LDC's incentive rate program.  Current methodology rewards sales 
above monthly index without enough consideration of future 
replacement cost.  The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be 
injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index.
This creates a shortage in later months.
2.  California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet 
demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally                       Specific questions should include 
1.  Why in March '00-May '00  weren't total system receipts higher in order 
to fill storage?
2.  Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too 
much gas from Socal's system        I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their 
own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than 
their injection capablity, but injected far less.
3.  Similar to the power market,  there is too much benchmarking to short 
term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major 
LDCs.  By design the customers are short at a floating 
rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market 
and the 
consumer has benefitted 
Call me if you need any more input.
Phillip
Tom:
What address should I use for the Sen. Wyden letter?
Thanks.
Sen Wyden called Jeff Skilling and I subsequently spoke to his staffer, 
Joshua Sheinkman.
As you know, Wyden wants to introduce legislation to facilitate disclosure of 
operating information about the electric grid and is now looking for more 
details.  Wyden is not interested in pressing for additional disclosure of 
financial information.
The additional details they are looking for include: what information should 
be made available; when should it be made available, how should it be made 
available and who should make it available.  On this last point, I suggested 
that the legislation should apply to the transmission system operator, 
whoever that is (i.e. it could be an investor owned utility, a publicly-owned 
utility, an ISO or an RTO).  I also pointed out that FERC could make this 
happen by itself, except in the case of public utilities like BPA.  Extending 
FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the 
legislation.
Alan, please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and 
forward to Linda. Linda, after we have the information (and perhaps some 
legislative language to go with it) please forward to Joshua at 
joshua_sheinkman@wyden.senate.gov.
Wyden would like our help in getting Sen Nickles to cosponsor the 
legislation.  (Linda)
It may also be useful to suggest a letter from wyden to FERC asking them to 
use their existing authority to start these disclosures as soon as possible 
for those entities wver which they have jurisdiction. (Linda and Joe)
Absolutely.  Feel free to use the content.  I forgot to give you Mike Day's 
number; it is: 415.765.8408.  As you'll recall, you asked for a California 
energy expert.  Mike certainly qualifies.
Laura Ipsen  	02/13/2001 07:04 PM
Steve,
Appreciate the call this morning. It is good to learn from an expert that 
shares the same type of market-driven approach to policy in energy as we do 
in broadband deployment. We are not energy experts, but will do our best to 
get up to speed and take more active role in long-term solution.
I will keep all of these documents confidential, but would like to use some 
of the data points  to create an action plan from high-tech that we can 
share with others such as HP, Intel, Novell, Solectron, National 
Semiconductor and others that have engaged in this issue. Let's discuss 
tomorrow afternoon. As I mentioned, we (Silicon Valley cos.) have meetings 
in the morning and evening on 2/15 with Gov. Davis and will be discussing 
energy crisis.
Thanks,
Laura
Laura Ipsen
Director
Worldwide Government Affairs
T:(408) 526-6650
F:(408) 853-1598
At 02:29 PM 2/13/2001 -0600, Steven.J.Kean@ wrote:
I am attaching several items that I hope you will find useful when you
brief Chambers: