I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was 
trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and 
paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.
Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part.
BVI Weather
There appears to be a brand new book out by David Brin (one of Tim's authors) 
called "Heaven's Reach" which I think is still only available in hardback If you decide not to get it, please let me know and I may.
I wish I could take credit for the link success but none of the things I was 
trying were what actually did it.  Seems that if you copy from Netscape and 
paste into this e-mail system it happens automatically.
Now this one is actually the result of extra geek effort on my part: BVI 
Weather.
I'm leaving for a conference here in Houston now and may not be back in the 
office before leaving for NY.  I'll have my computer with me but am notorious 
for being incapable of accessing my e-mail on the road so telephone is 
probably the safest way to reach me from here on.  I check messages at the 
office fairly often 
(713)853-7459 (office)
(713)863-7190 (home)
(281)367-1100 (Woodlands Resort & Conference Center - tonight)
(212)355-3000 (Waldorf - arriving Saturday afternoon)
Mark
Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner - was out on Thurs & Fri.  I'm here and 
at the Waldorf 355-3000 room 1151.  Still have time for that quick drink?
Laurel Adams
09/24/99 04:38 PM
Mark,
Please find attached below the form of confirmation that Cathy Moehlman would 
prefer to use.  I sent her a confirmation for the deal done yesterday in our 
format and requested that she print it out, sign it, and send it.  Evidently, 
she does not want to use that format, and would prefer to use her standard 
form.  Please give me your thoughts.  Thanks.
Cathy L Moehlman
09/23/99 06:46 PM
Laurel,
see attached 
Laurel Adams
09/27/99 01:47 PM
Mark, 
Below please find my policy draft for confirm generation guidelines.  As I 
would ultimately like for someone from legal to officially sign off on 
something like this, please review with that in mind.  Thanks very much Please call  me if you have questions or comments 
"All FX deals are to be verbally confirmed as soon as possible after the 
trade is executed.   A comment should be written on the deal ticket noting 
who the deal was confirmed with and the date and time.  Once a deal has been 
verbally confirmed, and entered into TAGG, deals with an expiration within 
one week of the trade date should be sent to the file room.  If the deal has 
settlements beyond one week from  the trade date, a confirmation should be 
generated based on the template for that particular counterparty.  All 
intercompany deals should be paper confirmed 
In the event that we are unable to verbally confirm a transaction by the end 
of trade date + one, a written confirmation should be generated and sent to 
the counterparty 
Any discrepancies noted when verbally confirming should be brought to the 
traders attention."
Thanks.  LEt me know what you think.
Louise Kitchen
09/29/99 06:23 PM
In the build up to bringing Australia onto the EnronOnline system with a 
start date of 1st February 2000, I have outlined a kick off plan as a 
suggestion.
The initial work we have done covers the areas outlined belowbearing mind I 
may have missed a few things out.  In order to kick things off I suggest we 
concentrate on the background areas which predominantly will be run by 
legal.  The teams involved in the project so far include the US and Europe where the jurisdictional issues have all been handled are listed at the 
bottom of this note for information but I am to a certain extent assuming 
that legal is run from the US rather than Europe for Australia (I have left a 
voicemail with Alan Aronowitz to chat it through with him).  I would like 
Mark to co-ordinate the work with David and start off immediately - please 
let me know if there are nay problems with this.  From my group Dave Forster 
and myself will be points of contact at this stage bringing in more resources 
as soon as we get the background things rolling.
But firstly we need an idea of what will be traded in Australia, from our 
discussions I am assuming Power, Coal and Weather - is that right?
Background:
(i)  Due diligence from a regulatory perspective
(ii)  Legal review on the framework of our site in its appropriateness to the 
market .
(i) Drafting of the password application agreements in line with the market
(ii) Drafting of the electronic trading agreement in line with the market
(iii)  Redrafting of the GTCs to incorporate language to cover web 
transactions.
(iv)  Complete tax review.
Commodities:
(i)  Review with Traders on the products they are to offer
(ii)  Production of short description of each product for publication on the 
web-site quotes page
(iii) Production of long description to be accessed by clicking on the short 
description
(iv)  Trader training on the Stack Manager
(v)  Trader training on the Product Manager
(vi) Trader/originator  training on the Web-site
Customers:
(i)  Collation of customers to be send a marketing pack including password 
application form
(ii)  Credit to process customers to set up the credit limits per product for 
each customer and the appropriate form of GTC profile to be embedded in the  
system.
(iii)  Tax to approve customer profile 
(iv)  Legal to associate customers with any Master Agreements in place.
Support:
(i) Integration of EOL in risk systems
(ii)  Daily data management of traders/customers
(ii)  Maintenance of system
Technical (i)  Bandwidth - Arshak Sarkissian is apparently rolling out bandwidth at the 
current time between Sydney and Singapore to close the link around the  world 
(ie we loop the world).  Between Houston and Sydney we now have 128k line 
which will be increased (approximately doubling the capacity) -  we will 
fortunately have the experience of EnronOnline going live before then to know 
if that will be enough.  Arshak can get a T1 if required in  approximately 
60/80 days.
In order to kick things off I suggest we concentrate on the background areas 
which predominantly will be run by legal.  The teams involved in the project 
so far include (I have left a voicemail with Alan Aronowitz to chat it 
through with him).  But firstly we need an idea of what will be traded in 
Australia, from our discussions I am assuming Power, Coal and Weather - is 
that right?
Point of contacts
Legal   US  Mark Taylor / Europe Justin Boyd
Regulatory US  Legal team plus various members of Steve Kean's team
Tax  Europe Janine Juggins  / US Steve Douglas
Commercial team - Louise Kitchen, Dave Forster, Marcello Romano
Global Control Group - Bob Shults
Paul Quilkey@_DEVELOPMENT
29/09/99 09:26
Louise
We would like to get going on the details for implementation.
Can you send me a list of the key people to interface with?
For your information, our lawyer is David Minns.
I have attached an article regarding a local retailers internet initiatives You may be interested in the two points in bold.
Cheers
Paul
Paul Quilkey
28-09-99 08:52 PM
28Sep1999 AUSTRALIA: Computers - Power supplier seeks vital spark on net. 
By Mandy Bryan.
e-Strategy
As electricity retailers prepare for deregulation, Ergon Energy chief Kim 
Griffith is looking to the internet for competitive advantage.
Around this time next year, NSW and Victorian consumers will be able to 
choose their own electricity suppliers, ushering in a period of massive 
change for Australia's 30 electricity retailers.
Among them will be Queensland's Ergon Energy, which now services 550,000 
customers and earns 50 per cent of its revenue from the consumer market.
Ergon chief executive Kim Griffith has chosen to make the internet a key part 
of his survival plan as he jostles for mind share.
"There really isn't an established way of doing this because electricity has 
always been a monopoly and suddenly 10 million contestible customers will 
appear in an industry that is probably turning over $10 billion in sales a 
year," he says.
While studies show Australian utilities are lagging behind overseas 
counterparts in moving operations online, Ergon Energy is considered to be at 
the forefront of internet adoption by an Australian utility.
Ergon's website allows customers to connect and disconnect their electricity 
service and submit complaints and enquiries.
"If you look at electricity retail, it is fundamentally an information-based 
business and we will survive based on the information we can gather about 
customers," says Griffith.
He also hopes that by 2001 customers will also be able to pay their bills and 
select from more flexible pricing billing arrangements, as well as buy 
products and services online.
"The internet is an obvious way of doing business because it also allows you 
to increase interaction with customers at an appropriate cost. We are now 
selling a commodity with low margins, so a cost-effective channel to market 
is key."
The $3 to $4 cost of over-the-counter transactions is more than 10 times the 
cost of an internet transaction, Griffith says.
As electricity margins shrink, he says Ergon will increasingly diversify into 
non-electricity and electricity-related services and products.
"We are looking to add value and differentiate in areas other than price. We 
are releasing a number of products into our domestic market related to 
electricity and electricity consumption such as energy-efficient light 
bulbs," he says.
"The next big challenge I've put to my people is to put significant product 
on to the site and to generate real revenue."
But he acknowledges that winning in this market is not as simple as being 
first on the web.
Ergon faces competition not only from traditional electricity retailers but 
also nimble virtual electricity brokers such as Exco Energy (www.exco.com.au) 
and possibly banks and supermarkets. Woolworths, for instance, has flagged an 
interest in electricity retailing.
Yet Griffith believes that these same organisations also present 
opportunities to utilities given the reach of their established customer 
bases.
"If you look at electricity, and particularly the mass market, there really 
isn't a channel to market," Griffith says. "In the future, companies will be 
out there trying to create national brands as well as looking to alliances 
with established brands and channels to markets."
In addition to seeking such alliances, Ergon is building up its own customer 
database to hold and analyse the information it gathers from its website.
"Each time a customer hits our website, we can gather more information and 
continue to build business based on that information."
For the time being, though, the major challenge lies in drawing people to its 
site.
"We are offering a number of freebies on our site to get people used to 
visiting it," he says.
Ergon also has comprehensive educational information on its site relevant to 
the school curriculum which it is building up into a full virtual power 
station tour.
"If we want people to keep visiting, we have to keep increasing the value of 
the site to existing and potential customers," Griffith says.
"There are two groups, the ones that will not want to change suppliers in 
2001 and those that do, and they are the people who will be on board with 
technology."
re-dissemination. 
Sources:AUSTRALIAN FINANCIAL REVIEW 28/09/1999 P29 
Agreed.
Louise Kitchen
11/03/99 08:39 AM
Already checked this before with lega - fax is fine
Justin Boyd
03/11/99 08:43
Awais,
From a Pan-European law perspective, the PAs can be signed and faxed to 
Enron. And when the PA is then signed by Enron, it can be faxed back to the 
customer.  We therefore do not require the original of the PA.  [N.B. But do 
check with Mark Taylor for the position under US law.]
However, some customers may feel more comfortable in having the choice of 
returning the PA by mail instead of by fax - in the light of this, you may 
wish to give them this choice.
Justin
Awais Omar
02/11/99 23:17
Justin a little teaser for you.  Can PA's be faxed in?  I have out 
instructionla copy saying thta Customers should complete the Registration 
form and PA and then either mail or fax to us.  I presume we do not need the 
original signed copy do we?
If so I will need to chnage the text on the registration page.  The 
registration process is up on www.enrononline.com by the way now.  Take a 
look.
I belieev all this text was already approved by legal and so shoudl be Ok.
Awais
I'll be out 11/22, 23 & 24
Taffy Milligan
11/03/99 02:45 PM
Please adivse of any days you are planning to be out of the office.
Thanks,
tm
I'm afraid I'm still the right guy.  My comments below in red.
David Forster
11/03/99 09:05 AM
Mark,
I'm not sure how you want to handle changes to the FAQ's going forward from a 
legal approval standpoint. Shall we continue to send you all new 
questions/answers?
In addition to the FAQ's sent to you last week, we also have the following:
1. Is EnronOnline wholesale only, or does it do retail?
EnronOnline is not intended for available to retail customers sales at this 
point time.
2. What kind of technology does EnronOnline use behind the applications?
The EnronOnline system uses various technologies to deliver the final product 
site to your screen. This includes an Oracle database, weblogic servers, 
Macromedia Shockwave, HTML, Java and Secure Socket Layer (SSL), among others.
3. What is the minimum size or price which can be transacted on EnronOnline?
The minimum and maximum size is different for each product and is specified 
by the Enron trader who is responsible for that product.  It may vary from 
time to time.  There are no minimum price levels.
[It strikes me that there are minimum price levels (for sales by Enron) and 
maximum price levels (for purchases 
Thanks,
Dave
Lucy:
Tana tells me you are looking for some guidance as to which Enron entity 
should be used for booking trading transactions with various counterparties There are a couple of general rules that apply to "normal" trading 
circumstances and I'll spell them out below, but remember that these are not 
hard and fast rules and may go straight out the window when circumstances 
vary (even just a little bit) from "normal."  For example, abnormal 
situations exist where the trading transaction is in connection with another 
transaction with an Enron company (e.g. a financing or equity investment the counterparty has a legally justifiable desire to trade with a certain 
Enron company, the product being traded is only traded by a particular Enron 
company or the counterparty is in a jurisdiction outside the country where we 
are trading (except as spelled out below).  Having said all that, the 
following rules (generally tax driven) can be used as general guidelines:
1. If there is no master agreement in place between the counterparty and an 
Enron company, the trade should be entered into on behalf of the Enron 
company based in the country where the Enron trader is when the trade is 
concluded and, if there is any hope of further trading with the counterparty, 
Credit and Legal should be notified to negotiate a master agreement.  Of 
course, if the counterparty is outside the country where we are trading, 
Legal should be consulted ahead of time (there are some countries where 
derivatives are actually illegal, special procedures must be followed or 
can't be done by us from the U.S 
2. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and either ENA or 
Enron Canada, and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or Canada, the trade should 
be entered into by the trader on behalf of the Enron company that is party to 
the master agreement.  If the trader is outside of the U.S. or Canada, other 
rules may apply 
3. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and ECT 
International (usually only European counterparties), and the Enron trader is 
in the U.S. or the U.K., the trade should be entered into by the trader on 
behalf of ECT International.  Note that there are special considerations if 
the trader is in the U.K. based on U.K. regulatory issues (the trade is 
actually "arranged" by Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd. on behalf of ECT 
International).  If such a master exists but the trader is not in the U.S. or 
U.K., the trade should be handed off to a trader located in one of those two 
countries for final negotiation and execution.  It would be a good idea to 
consult with Legal or Tax if this comes up for more specific advice 
These general rules relate to which Enron entity should be the legal 
counterparty to the transactions.  This doesn't determine where within the 
Enron family the actual risk should ultimately reside.  If we want the risk 
to be in an Enron company other than the Enron counterparty for contractual 
purposes, an intercompany transaction should be booked (probably through RMT) 
to get the risk in the right place.
Looks good to me.
Sara Shackleton
11/03/99 04:25 PM
I would like to take this as a vacation day.  Are there any conflicts Thanks.  Sara
Thanks for the joke - it's getting lots of laughs!
Tana forwarded the following message on to me since she will be out of the 
office for the next week or so. 
We are not familiar with any of these companies or their activities or 
operations.  You might want to check with Kate Cole's office to see what she 
knows.
Paul Simons
12/17/98 12:29 PM
Ed
Please note that each of the following companies will be a new controller of 
EEFT as a result of the reorg:
Enron Power Trading Limited (UK)
Enron Europe Limited (UK)
Enron Europe LLC (US)
Enron Power Corp (US)
Enron Europe Inc  (US) - the new US holding company.
For each company we will need to find out the following info which will need 
to be notified to SFA:
1. Principal activities
2.  Date and place of incorporation and registered number
3.  Names of directors and their dates of birth
4.  Address of head/principal office and telephone number
5.  Regulatory Authorities or Exchanges in the UK or overseas of which the 
entity is or has been a member.
Most of this info is pretty basic, but I suspect 1 &5 could be slightly 
tricky (for 1 we only need to list the principal activity or activities).
Lin, Kate and Tana: 2 of these entities are UK and 3 US incorporated. I'd be 
very grateful if you would assist Edmund in putting this information 
together. It will need to be filed with SFA (the UK regulator) at the 
beginning of next week.
Many thanks in advance for your assistance
Paul
Here are my comments - mostly minor.
I don't have anything handy - I suggest you contact Paige Grumulaitis.
Lucy Ortiz
11/03/99 08:19 AM
Hello to you Mark,
Do you have any of those pamphlets that Arthur Andersen was passing out 
regarding FAS 133?
I was hoping to get my hands on one. 
Many thanks and kind 
Lucy
I sent Dave comments on his last three additions yesterday and on the full 
version e-mailed to me (10/29) this afternoon.  Is the version I looked at 
the final one or were there subsequent changes to review?
keeping my fingers crossed 
Carol St Clair
11/04/99 02:07 PM
Mark and Jeff:
FYI.
Carol
I just received notice that the Senate Bankruptcy Bill (S. 625) will be on 
the Senate floor around 3:00 pm today As of a meeting I had yesterday afternoon, all of our issues look like 
they're in good shape.
Just to re-cap for everyone: 
1)  DOI proposal on oil & gas leasing -- will not be in managers' amendment 
and should not be offered on the floor.
2)  Enron's techincal correction on production payments -- is safely in the 
bill and will pass if the whole bill passes.
3)  Enron's additions/changes on derivatives language -- should be inserted 
at Senator Nickles' behest into the managers' amendment before the bill goes 
to the floor this afternoon...will get confirmation soon.
I'll be in touch shortly with updates 
Jeff
"bunnies"?  BUNNIES?
Louise Kitchen
11/05/99 08:36 AM
David Port
05/11/99 09:28
Looks like we had our first registration form in today from a company called 
Projector S.A. with a rep office in Singapore and trading out of Belize. 
Nice one for the Credit Tax and Legal bunnies 
Would it work if we picked you up in the USVI?  I know it's possible to fly 
into St. Thomas either directly from New York or through San Juan and you 
could take a ferry to St. John (still part o the USVI) where we could pick 
you up.  It's a bit of a hassle since we have to clear the boat into the US 
and then back to the BVI but I've done it a couple of times before.  The 
timing might be difficult since we can't possibly get the boat to St. John 
before the afternoon of the 22nd.  If you're nervous about sailing into the 
BVI, we could stick around St. John for a few days.  You might check the 
cruising guide & see what it says about the US side of things - places to 
go/anchor, etc.
Looks like this one is for me to review.  They will be sending these to all 
of us so that whenever one of us is out, we can let the others know to 
forward these on to whomever is appropriate.  We're supposed to get back to 
them within 24 hours.
Dale Neuner on 11/05/99 11:38:39 AM
Attached below please find language suggested for use for a AECO Daily Price 
Index for a Balance of Month transaction from Canada. I have reviewed the 
suggested changes and validated  the pricing language against the Price 
Source and consider it accurate. 
Dale
3-9746 
Dale,
Attached is the revised balance of the month product information.  In the 
first paragraph, there is a line which needs to be deleted and I have 
highlighted this line in red.  As well, the second paragraph has two minor 
changes also highlighted in red.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Otherwise I would appreciate 
knowing when this is available so that I can advise Jon McKay.
I have asked Jon about the same day and weekend products and he said he 
hasn't checked to see if they have been set up.  Once he has, he will let me 
know and I will then let you know.
Thanks!
Dianne
There appear to have been some changes that were not made in the Canadian 
Long Descriptions.  Dave Forster will be forwarding them to you.  Please 
resend the language once those changes are incorporated.
Thanks!
Mark
Dale Neuner on 11/05/99 11:38:39 AM
Attached below please find language suggested for use for a AECO Daily Price 
Index for a Balance of Month transaction from Canada. I have reviewed the 
suggested changes and validated  the pricing language against the Price 
Source and consider it accurate. 
Dale
3-9746 
Dale,
Attached is the revised balance of the month product information.  In the 
first paragraph, there is a line which needs to be deleted and I have 
highlighted this line in red.  As well, the second paragraph has two minor 
changes also highlighted in red.
If you have any questions, please let me know.  Otherwise I would appreciate 
knowing when this is available so that I can advise Jon McKay.
I have asked Jon about the same day and weekend products and he said he 
hasn't checked to see if they have been set up.  Once he has, he will let me 
know and I will then let you know.
Thanks!
Dianne
Bummer - I had no idea the USVI wasn't considered part of the US - I'm 
assuming when you say "on the way back in" you mean from the USVI to the 
mainland since we could try to arrange things to avoid going back to the BVI 
while you were with us if that made a difference.
I don't have any leads on a possible stand-in, but don't really want one 
either since we've our hearts set on YOU.    Hopefully the lawyer can figure 
out a way to speed things up.  As a last resort, maybe we should check with 
Greg for a replacement since that's who he'll have to bunk with.  You have to 
be reasonably careful about such choices since you will be spending your 
holiday in pretty close contact with them.   It may also be a bit late to 
find transport to that part of the world; any hope of transferring the ticket 
in your name to someone else?
Mark
I have just spoken with my lawyer.  Basically, USVI does not work.  I could
be easily "carded" on the way back in.  Apparently, it is well tried and
therefore well patrolled way of entry into the US.
We are going to try and get INS to speed the process, but basically I am in
a difficult position.  I no longer have the first job under which the first
application was submitted, so I cannot call and say I need the travel permit
for business reasons, and although my cheques have been cashed (I think) the
travel permit is delayed somewhere.  I have no news at all on the second
application.
Do you know of anyone that you may want to take along instead?  One or two
spots going....whichever is easiest to fill.
B