Hi Barbette -
Thank you for the information.  Do you have a list of the directors with home 
addresses and spouse's names?  Mr. Lay wants us to add them to our database 
I appreciate it.
Rosalee
Barbette_Watts@i2.com on 10/02/2000 06:21:53 PM
Good Evening,
This is a reminder that the i2 Board Meeting will be on Monday, October 23,
2000.
Location: One i2 Place
Red Conference Room, 4th Floor
Contact:  David Becker
469-357-6266
Time:          8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
Continental Breakfast
Please confirm attendance by Wed, October 11, 2000.  Thank you.
Barbette Joy Watts
Executive Assistant to David Becker
One i2 Place, 3rd Floor
469-357-3460 (Direct)
469-357-6769 (Fax)
barbette_watts@i2.com
Hi Bijan -
Yes, received it just fine.
Ken has been out of the country since you sent the e-mail 
Rosalee
Dear Rosalie: I sent an email to Ken on 9-26.This  is a follow up test.Pls 
confirm if you receive this message.Thanks.  Bijan
Hi Michael -
Mr. Lay is returning from his trip today.  He will be in the office tomorrow.
Rosalee
Mr. Lay--
During the negotiations with the Rockets as to how much each party would
contribute to the Arena referendum campaign, Mike Goldberg of Baker & Botts
suggested that the Rockets would like to net their contribution obligation
against other contributions that they solicited.
After a conversation with you, John Watson and I advised Mike Goldberg that
you did not want to be competing with the Rockets in soliciting
contributions to the Arena referendum campaign.
Mike Goldberg called Friday and asked whether it would be acceptable for the
Rockets to net against their contribution obligation contributions that they
have solicited from Baker & Botts, Jim MacInvale and Tilman Fertitta.  Mike
suggested that these three persons would be the only outside persons that
would be solicited by the Rockets.
Would you please let me know if this is acceptable to you.  You or Rosalee
may call me at 713-758-2350 or send me a response e-mail at
mtelle@velaw.com.
Sincerely,
Michael S. Telle
This worked also.
Rosalee
Test works.? Thanks.
?
Anything else to do ?
?
Jack
?
Sharon 
We received it, Sharon.
rosalee
?
Sharon 
I wanted to advise you that Ken has joined another board - nCUBE, Corp nCUBE is in the video on-demand business.  Blockbuster and Enron have entered 
into an agreement with nCUBE that it will provide video streaming media 
appliances, software applications, technology consulting and design for the 
on-demand service.
Rosie
Ken will not be here for the meeting. 
Katherine Brown
09/26/2000 11:59 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, October 2
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
September 29.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Good morning, Michael.  Will there be enough funds to help Sue without 
Shell's if I wait until Mr. Lay returns on October 3?  I have not been very 
successful getting faxes through to the ship, so would prefer not to have to 
bother him with this unless absolutely necessary.
Rosalee
Mr. Lay--
I have been assisting John Watson with his representation of Sports
Facilities, L.P., and I am in the process of coordinating the $1.4 million
prepayment by the Sports Authority and the contribution of such amount by
the partners to the referendum campaign.
Assuming that we receive the prepayment from the Sports Authority, we expect
to be able to start making contributions to the referendum campaign this
week.  The contributions will be paid to the referendum campaign by the
partnership, on behalf of each partner, upon receipt of instructions from
each such partner that its share of the amount prepaid should be contributed
to the campaign instead of being distributed.  I have discussed this
procedure with Sue Walden.
With respect to your arrangement with Shell, we were not sure what you and
Shell had agreed to.  The monies being contributed to the referendum
campaign are being contributed to a special purpose political action
committee (as required by law).  This special purpose PAC is subject to the
general Texas laws that govern campaign fundraising.  As you know, one of
these laws provides that "a person may not knowingly make or authorize a
political contribution in the name of or on behalf of another unless the
person discloses in writing to the recipient the name and address of the
person actually making the contribution . . . ."   Pending a better
understanding of the Shell arrangement, we will hold Shell's $100,000 in the
partnership's account.
Please contact John Watson at 713-758-2556 or me at 713-758-2350 if you have
any questions regarding the foregoing.
Sincerely,
Michael S. Telle
Good morning, Joe.  Ken is on a cruise, so is not available, but I did talk 
to Steve (he is traveling, but said he is trying to get in touch with you Apparently, everything is still internal.  He said everything is fine, so 
hopefully, you don't need to be concerned.
Talk to you soon.
Rosie
Joe Hillings
09/25/2000 08:53 AM
Ken: I have "heard" from two sources in this office that Enron will announce 
my successor today. I have not been advised of the selection and am concerned 
that this announcement will not treat my retirement in an appropriate and 
deserving manner.
I have placed calls to Steve Kean since hearing this rumor but have not 
office construction is not totally functioning.
Frankly, I think this matter has not been handled in a caring way and I have 
been acccused of giving information on the selection to Tom DeLay which is 
untrue. My office mates are all more aware of the candidates and their status 
than I have been.
I regret having to contact you on this matter but feel that despite my total 
cooperation, allegiance and dedication to Enron, I am not being treated with 
the courtesy and sensitivity that this matter deserves.
Joe
Here it is!!  Have a great day!!  Stay warm.
Shea_Dugger@i2.com on 12/06/2000 01:38:30 PM
From Keith Larney:
Please find attached the Board Presentation Package regarding the Eagle
transaction to be discussed at the meeting tomorrow.  Please do not
hesitate to call Keith at 469-357-4497 if you have any questions or
comments.  Thank you.
____________________
Shea Dugger
Legal Dept.
Tel: 469-357-4195
Fax: 469-357-6566
shea_dugger@i2.com
(See attached file: Eagle BOD Presentation 12-07-00 v4-1.zip)
- Eagle BOD Presentation 12-07-00 v4-1.zip
Ken will be out of the office.
Sherri Sera
09/21/2000 02:53 PM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, September 25
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
September 22.
Thank you, 
Sherri
Good morning -
I was out during the timeframe that this was sent, but Ken Lay did not give 
it back to us.  He is traveling now and totally inaccessible (on vacation) 
during the time of the meeting, so he will not be participating.
Rosalee
Dear  Ken,
I am sorry to say that earlier this week Arthur Levitt was called to
testify in Congress early on September 28, and he felt unable to make our
session as originally planned. It is my hope that we can reschedule with him
prior to -- or in conjunction with -- the final report. For those who may
have changed their schedules to make this meeting because of the chance to
talk to Arthur, I regret the inconvenience.
In deference to your time, we'll go ahead with the meeting from 5 to
7 but not with the dinner.
Here are the details of the meeting.  Note that the location is
different from the previous two meetings.
Wednesday, September 27 from 5 to 7
p.m.
McKinsey & Company
52 East 52nd Street, 23rd Floor
New York, NY
Check in on 23rd floor with Carol
Hubbard, who will direct you to the conference room
Phone: 212-446-8836
Attached is the draft of our final report, prepared by Tim Koller.
It will be the subject of the meeting.  We will want to gather your comments
on the following:
1.  Do you agree with the substance
of this draft?
2.  Are there points that should
receive more or less emphasis?
3.  Are there any other issues you
would like to raise?
4.  Is there anything else about the
drafting and presentation that you would
like to comment on?
We will need to get everyone's comments, one way or another, by the
end of September so we can proceed to prepare the final paper, which we'd
like to have ready by the end of October.
Originally you said that you would not be able to make the meeting.
Could you let us know if your plans have changed and you can now come or
participate by phone?  See below for reply.
____ I will be there
____  I will participate by phone
____ I cannot make it at all but will
e-mail comments by September 30
Many thanks,
Jeff
- SEC Panel Draft Report 14Sep00.doc
Hi Calvin - just to let you know that Ken is going to be traveling until 
10/3, but I will print this out for him to see.
Rosie
Several, months ago Limas Jefferson wrote you a letter requesting your 
support for business opportunities at Enron.  That letter was subsequently 
forwarded to Cindy Olson and me.  As you can see from the note below, we were 
able to arrange for Jefferson & Associations to partner with Compaq on the 
Windows 2000 Project.  You commented on Mr Jefferson's letter that you would 
consider meeting with him.  I can be of assistance in coordinating a meeting 
between the two of you.   Please advise.
FYI - Mr. Jefferson had a difficult time reaching me because my phone number 
changed when my office moved to 3AC.
Calvin Eakins
Director, Minority & Women Business Development
Enron Global Strategic Sourcing
calvin.eakins@
713/646-9500
Limas Jefferson  	08/15/2000 10:51 AM
Please respond to ljefferson
Calvin,
I just wish to report that starting tomorrow JEFFERSON will supply the third
person to Compaq in support of the Enron Windows 2000 project.  I called you
almost everyday when we were not getting a response, so it is only fair that
you also share in the good news.  Also, thank you for all your support in
making this occasion possible.
You are a good man!
Please stay in touch.
Limas
Thank you, Rebekah.  This works very well for Ken.
Rosie
Rebekah Rushing @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS                09/19/2000 01:23 PM
Per Kevin Garland's request, I've scheduled the following meeting 
DATE:  October 4, 2000
TIME:  3:30 - 4:30 pm
PLACE:  50M03
Thanks!
Rebekah Rushing (rebekah_rushing@.net)
Enron Broadband Services 
Broadband Ventures group
713-853-3273 - phone
713-646-8010 - fax
Gil:
Can you please send Mr. Lay up a hard copy?  We cannot print this.
Thanks - Tori
OOps, I can't seem to open it!!
Dr. Lay:
We need a bio of you to include in the program for the Herbert J. Davenport
program on October 13. I have attached the bio of you that we used in the
brochure announcing the Pinkney C. Walker Endowment. Perhaps, with a few
adjustments, it will be suitable for this current need.
Please review the bio and send me any changes you would like made as soon as
possible.
Thank you very much for your prompt attention to this.
Sincerely,
Charlie Rahm
senior information specialist
MU College of Business
573-884-1726
(fax) 573-884-1675
- C.DTF
Cynthia, Ken said to tell you that he told David Sokol we would probably 
oppose it.
Rosie
Cynthia Sandherr
09/08/2000 04:49 PM
Yesterday, Ken Lay spoke with MidAmerican CEO David Sokol regarding the 
attached new legislative amendment to provide a limited PUHCA exemption for 
companies with a high level of financial stability as determined by 
independent market analysts (i.e. "A" rating for Holding Companies or 
investment grade rating for utility companies).  This is not a permanent 
exemption as PUHCA would again apply should the company loose its high rating.
MidAmerican's lobbyist reported this conversation to me along with Ken Lay's 
reported commitment that we would review it as soon as we could.  Reportedly, 
Ken Lay was non-committal but not negatively disposed.
The utility strategy is to have Senator Bob Kerrey (D-NE) offer this as an 
amendment to a "must pass" piece of legislation during the waning days of 
this Congressional session.  This will be separate from the utilities' 
strategy to enact Private Use legislation (H.R. 4971, S. 2967 which includes 
tax language to exclude water and sewage connection fees from gross income as 
contributions to capital and language to increase the amount permitted to 
paid into nuclear decommissioning reserve funds primarily  for Commonwealth 
Edison) and to enact stand-alone Reliability legislation (S. 2071 and H.R. 
2944).
Senator Kerrey has already spoken to Senator Gramm (R-TX) about this PUHCA 
amendment and Gramm was reportedly  non-committal but not negatively disposed 
to the idea.  I will follow-up with Gramm's staff next week after they've 
reviewed it and convey their views to you.  According to MidAmerican,  the 
concept to insure stockholder protection along with consumer protection was 
Senator Kerrey's idea 
It is possible that Congressman Dingell (D-MI) and Congressman Markey (D-MA) 
would still actively oppose this limited exemption, especially given the fact 
that Congressman Dingell (who would Chair the Commerce Committee should the 
Democrats regain control of the House) has recently said that whether or not 
he is Commerce Committee Chairman next Congress, that comprehensive 
electricity restructuring legislation including PUHCA repeal is "at least 
three years away from happening."
Steve and Rick, can we get a temperature gauge next week as to our position 
on this amendment?  As a reminder, Enron's position here-to-date has been to 
oppose stand-alone PUHCA repeal as this is the one provision utilities like 
Southern Company really want.  To date, this strategy has worked with the 
MidAmerican Utility Group willing to support our transmission open access 
provisions in turn for our PUHCA exemption support. 
Hi Nancy -
Ken asked me to tell you that you can absolutely use him as a reference 
Hope you are doing just great.
Rosalee
Ken,
Bruce Peterson at Korn/Ferry International has offered to suggest my name to
various corporations for board appointments.  I plan to leave El Paso at the
end of the year.  Please find attached a draft of my background information.
May I use you as a reference?  Let me know if this meets with your approval.
I enjoyed seeing you and your family at the convention.  Thank you in
advance for your assistance.
Nancy
- NWG Background Info.doc
Hi Jeff -
Ken asked me to advise you that he will be out of the city on March 21 Thanks for including him.
Rosalee
Jeffrey McClellan@ECT
08/31/2000 10:55 AM
Good morning Ken,
Just wanted to take a moment to thank you for being the "Honorary Chair" for 
the Cougars@ golf tournament to be held on March 21, 2001.  I enjoyed 
meeting you at the "Enron Excellence Awards" presentation and genuinely 
appreciate your support.  When we spoke, you said that you may not be able to 
play in the tournament.  I certainly understand, but if you are available to 
play (or make an appearance at the dinner afterward), it would most 
beneficial to our outcome.  Please let me know if you are available.
Thanks,
Jeff McClellan
x34779
Dr. Lay is unable to participate in the conference.
"Pedro Ralda, Director Latin America" 08/31/2000 02:03:23 PM
To the attention of:
Dr Kenneth L. Lay
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
ENRON CORPORATION
Mexico Meeting 2000
Managing New Expectations and Old Challenges
Mexico City, Mexico 4-5 December
Dear Dr Lay,
Mexico awoke to a new political landscape on 2 July 2000. The economic and 
business climate is positive and full of new opportunities as Mexico finally 
completes a long transition from one-party dominance to pluralist democracy, 
adding political maturity to a more competitive market economy.
In light of the above, the World Economic Forum will hold a Mexico Meeting 
2000 on 4-5 December in Mexico City. Held in collaboration with the Mexican 
Investment Board, this gathering will take place three days after the 
inauguration of the new Mexican administration. We have already received 
confirmation that President-elect Vicente Fox and Mexican Central Bank 
Governor Guillermo Ortiz will participate. We are also expecting the presence 
of the future key cabinet members and state governors.
As usual, the World Economic Forum pulls together the right group of leaders 
to discuss issues, build a network of contacts and identify where future 
business opportunities and risks lie. The Meeting will focus on four main 
topics: the country's political and social agenda, Mexico's commercial 
relationships with the rest of the world, the new economy and the key issues 
for the country's main industries.
Please consult our website,   where information 
will be updated as soon as it becomes available.
For further information, please do not hesitate to contact Gisela Galicia at 
(41 22) 869 1450 or mailto:mexicomeeting@weforum.org
(  ) Please send me more information on the conditions for participation.
(  ) Please send information to:
- Name:
- Position:
- Company:
- Tel.:
- Fax:
- E-mail:
( XX ) I am unable to participate in the Mexico Meeting 2000.
Please tick the appropriate response and return this form to Gisela Galicia 
by fax: (41 22) 786 2744 or via e-mail: mailto:mexicomeeting@weforum.org
We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Hi Mr. Ramsay -
In regard to your request for Ken to chair a Forum segment and join the 
Ministerial dinner, with the Chair of the other Session in May, he said that 
he would be delighted to participate.
We look forward to receiving additional information after the Governing Board 
has its meeting.
Rosalee 
Mr. Lay responded that he is unable to attend.  I know that you already have 
that message as someone has called, but I wanted to let you know also.
Rosalee Fleming
Hello Mr. Lay,
It's been a long time since we've talked.  I'm Priscilla Slade, President of
Texas Southern University.  The primary purpose of this e-mail is to invite
you to attend a weekend at the home of President and Mrs. Bush September
16-18.  So many people have expressed a desire to become know more about the
University (it's new initiatives and successes) that  President Bush
volunteered to host a gathering of 25 CEOs and spouses (or a second person
in the corporate hierarchy).  In addition to having fun golfing, sailing,
boating, etc., we are presenting ALL YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT TEXAS SOUTHERN
UNIVERSITY.
I know this is your favorite topic and that we can look forward to you
joining us.  An invitation is in the mail.  I look forward to you joining
us.
Sincerely,
Priscilla
Ms. Peppers, I am very sorry, but I must once again reschedule the 
appointment that you have with Mr. Lay.  He will be out of town the entire 
week of September 26 
The first available time to reschedule is October 19, 2000.  Would an 
afternoon appointment work for you - about 2:00 p.m.?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Rosalee
Dear Dean Walker -
Ken Lay asked me to respond to you re:  1). naming the new professorship the 
Pinkney C. Walker Distinguished Teaching Professorship - this is fine.
2)  He will be pleased to serve as the keynote speaker for the banquet on 
October 13.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Thanks so much for your most generous gift to complete the funding for the
professorship honoring Pinkney Walker.  I'm delighted that you plan to
attend the Davenport Society banquet on October 13.
The purpose of this e-mail, which Rosalee suggested as the most efficient
way of reaching you, is two-fold:
1. To seek your endorsement of naming the new professorship the Pinkney
C. Walker Distinguished Teaching Professorship.  Rather than designating the
professorship for Business and Economics, for Business Theory, or for some
other area, I'd like to use it to recognize and reward a faculty member in
the College of Business who is especially known for teaching effectiveness.
Both Bob Pugh and Ralph Clark endorse this approach; I have a call into
Harold Hook to seek his input.
A few points of elaboration:
* "Distinguished" is a standard adjective in the titles of such
positions.
* We will use a committee of faculty and administrators within the
college to select the recipient of the professorship, subject to my
approval.
* And, I don't know if we will have the recipient selected by October
13.
This name for the professorship (1) coincides with Pinkney's great strength,
(2) allows me to avoid any "turf battles" (either within the college or with
Economics) and (3) underscores the great importance of teaching in the
college.  Please let me know whether you are agreeable to this name.
2. To ask you to serve as the keynote speaker for the Davenport Society
banquet on October 13.  We would be honored if you would present a brief
talk (perhaps 10 minutes in length) related to some aspect of the future of
business.  Your doing so would certainly add luster to an always festive
event.  By way of brief background, Jack and Mary Bush, MU alumni who now
live in Dallas and are co-chairs of the Davenport Society this year, have
chosen the future of business as the theme for the banquet and program.
Your talk would come after dinner and could be preceded or followed
(probably followed) by the announcement of the Pinkney Walker Professorship.
I understand from Rosalee that you will be giving a talk in Austin the
morning of October 13; perhaps an abridged version of it would be suitable
for the Davenport Society banquet.  Of course, you have great latitude in
choosing the topic you would like to address.  Please let me know if you
will serve as the keynote speaker.
If you can give me quick responses to these 2 requests, we will complete the
plans for the evening, which will include the annoucement of the Pinkney
Walker Professorship and, I hope, a keynote address by you.  Naturally, if
you have questions, either you or Rosalee can call me.  My office # is
573/882-6688, and my home # is 573/875-2972.
Let me close by mentioning that there was some question as to whether or not
Pinkney would attend the banquet on October 13.  Apparently he had/has been
experiencing some health problems.  However, the latest I've heard is that
he intends to attend, due in large part to your commitment to be there.
Time permitting, you might want to give him a quick call to tell him you'll
see him here in Columbia on October 13.  (By the way, if Pinkney and his
wife arrive on October 12, I will invite them to attend an informal dinner I
will host that evening for members of the college's advisory board.  Of
course, you are invited to attend the dinner on October 12 as well, but it's
my understanding that you will fly to Columbia on October 13.)
Ken, thanks very much.  I hope and trust that you had an ample dose of "R&R"
during your vacation.  I look forward to hearing from you.
Ken Lay asked me to advise you that he can't do this one, but would consider 
other dates.
Rosalee
pway@wayholding.com on 08/16/2000 03:25:57 PM
Ken, I understand that you are trying to clear your sch. to speak at the
River Oaks Breakfast Club on Oct. 26.  I hope it works out because I always
hear what is going on at Enron.  Peter
- C.DTF
Mr. Hines -
To get back with you re: your question about some kind of Futures/Options 
market in the commercial space market, Ken Lay said that to approach Jeff 
Skilling about it is absolutely the right approach.
Rosalee
Jeff_Hines@hines.com on 08/28/2000 06:05:38 PM
I wanted to make sure you were aware of something that has come up since
the last breakfast meeting regarding our group financing the Arena parking
garage.  Baker & Botts put us in touch with the Rockets to discuss Hines
being the Development Manager on the Arena and garage.  Although not fully
agreed, there is strong interest on both sides.  Besides help on the
development front, we think there may be value in our acting as a bit of a
buffer between the Sports Authority and the Rockets and coordinating any
issues involving the new convention hotel(where we are also providing
development management).  The Rockets(Mike Goldberg-Baker & Botts) have
talked to Ric Campo and supposedly he is enthusiastic but thinks this
should "be the Authority's idea.".  One issue is how much of our fee would
apply to the garage, which presumably the city would pick up, and how much
would apply to the Arena.  Since this is a fast moving issue, I wanted you
to know about this. Obviously the discussions are all very confidential.
If you have any thoughts in advance of the next breakfast meeting, please
give me a call at 713-966-2606.
Also, on another topic, we have been doing a tiny bit of pie in the sky
brainstorming on the concept of creating some kind of Futures/Options
market in the commercial space market.  I will approach Jeff Skilling
unless you would recommend elsewhere within Enron.
Hi Mr. Moore -
I did hear back from Mr. Lay.  Will September 11 at 3:00 p.m. work for you?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Rosalee
With regard to working out a convenient date to meet with  you, Rosalee has 
suggested that your week of September 4 is pretty well  booked-up. Would 
either September 11 or 13 work? After that I have to join Norm  Blake at the 
Olympics in Sydney. While all of this can de done by phone, as  deputy to the 
chairmen, I'm making every effort to meet (albeit briefly) with  each 
Committee member. If you are willing to host a meeting in Houston, I want  to 
make every effort to have Paul Newman in  attendance.
Dar, are you on-line?  If so, please answer back.  I have questions.  Well, 
I'll ask them.  Did you get the wedding pics?
me
I seem to have three appointments next week:
Tuesday, August 29:  Doctor appointment at 9:40 a.m. (enlightenment)
Wednesday, August 30:  Hair appointment @ 2:00 p.m (beauty)
Thursday, August 31:  Dental appointment @ 2:00 p.m. (ouch)
I plan to return to the office each day, but the dental appointment may take 
awhile.
Rosie
Hi Mr. Yergin -
I just wanted to make sure that you knew that Ken does plan to do this.  He 
did talk to Governor Knowles.
Thanks.
Rosalee
Dan Yergin  Dear Ken, 
It was good to talk with you last week, and I hope you got some vacation in 
Aspen.? I'm working at it! 
Rosalie said you'd be getting in this afternoon, and I? wanted to reach you 
by phone or e-mail before Governor Tony Knowles from Alaska calls you Governor Knowles (classmate of George W.), along with Governor Taft of Ohio, 
has enlisted us in a conference that seven governors are sponsoring on 
natural gas in order to elucidate the market and issues -- and needs before it explodes as a political issue -- and perhaps helps head it off (in 
contrast to what happened with gasoline).? Governor Knowles is the current 
chairman of the Interstate Oil Compact Commission, and it will be under the 
auspices of the IOCC.? They promise at least seven governors and a lot of 
other distinguished people.? It seems to us that this is a very timely event.
They would like to invite you to be the luncheon speaker.? (I will be kicking 
off the conference).?? It looks to be a very good and high visibility 
platform.? And they would be very keen and excited -- and honored -- to have 
you in that featured role in it works for your schedule.
It takes place in Columbus, Ohio, on September 20. 
Tony is a very good guy, and of course natural gas as well as oil looms very 
large for him.? You'll enjoy talking with him.? He can certainly fill you in 
further on what they would like to accomplish.
If it works out for you to do this in terms of your schedule and interest, 
that would be great. 
On behalf of the governors, thank you for the consideration. 
Best, 
Dan 
Amy, you are a treasure!!!  I know you'll be a treasure of a Mom, too!!  But 
I'll miss you!!
rosie
Amy Lee
08/23/2000 09:00 AM
Hi!
Just a quick note to say good-bye and thank you after five and a half years My last day at Enron will be Thursday, August 31st.  I will be heading off to 
two new jobs -- to be a full-time mom once Baby Lee arrives and to start my 
own stationary/invitations company 
I have thoroughly enjoyed working with all of you.  Thank you for all the 
opportunities you have given me over the years.   For your Community 
Relations needs, Elyse Kalmans is heading up the department.  She can be 
reached at 713.853.0565.
Thanks!
amy
Hi Mr. Lewis -
Ken asked me to send you an e-mail stating that he would be happy to submit 
your name for consideration to Dick Cheney.  He asked if you would please 
send him a current bio 
Thanks.
Rosalee
Ken,
Sorry to miss you today when I called. Since I am leaving for India in a
few minutes, I thought I would sent you an E-mail, and then I can try to
call you from India. Because of the time difference, it will not be easy
for us to connect. Unfortunately I will not be back in the US until
December 7.
The reason for my call was to see if you would feel comfortable putting my
name forward to Dick Cheney for a position in the new administration. I am
not sure where the best fit would be, but it might be Chairman of the
National Economic Council. That job has a good combination of management
and economics. You know I have only been associated with Democratic
administrations in past, but Democratic administrations were a little
different in those days. You are somewhat familiar with my record on
economics and there is a lot on that in the public domain.
Just let me know what you think. Maybe a quick E-mail would suffice ( I am
carrying my computer).
,
Bill
|  Diane, I will definitely show this to Ken, but he has a Dain Rauscher 
presentation near the Galleria at 8:00 a.m. that morning, so I know he can't 
attend.
Rosie
Diane Bazelides@AZURIX
08/22/2000 03:01 PM
On September 19th Dr. Bill Thies, vice president of medical and scientific 
affairs for the national Alzheimer's Association, will be in Houston to  
provide an update on some of the new and successful research underway for 
Alzheimer's disease.  He'll also be meeting with local reseachers to learn 
what they're doing in order to support and potentially fund their work Since all of you have been such great supporters of our efforts to raise 
funds for this very cause, Phil and I are hosting a breakfast so you can hear 
firsthand how your money is being spent.  No pledge cards will be handed out 
at the door--just juice, coffee and maybe a bagel.  Please join us to hear an 
update from Dr. Thies on September  19 from 7:00 to 8:00 a.m. in the Enron 
Building, Room 49C1.  Please RSVP to Adriana Wynn at X55176.
Hi Mr. Moore -
I'm sorry that we didn't discuss dates this morning as Mr. Lay is on vacation 
until September 5.  As that will be his first week back after being out for 
several weeks, it is already pretty booked up. 
I will certainly share this e-mail with him.  Is it possible to update Mr. 
Lay on the progress of the Committee to Encourage Corporate Philanthropy by 
e-mail?  Another thought might be to see if our Executive Vice President of 
Human Resources, Cindy Olson,  would be available to meet with you on August 
28 or 29.  Ms. Olson is in charge of Enron's Community Relations Department.
Please advise.
Rosalee
I would like to schedule a short meeting in your office to  share the 
remarkable progress that the Committee to Encourage Corporate  Philanthropy 
is making and to ask that you consider hosting a meeting for  ten to fifteen 
CEOs of other major Houston corporations to encourage their  participation in 
the only forum of CEOs focused on the agenda of corporate  giving.
?
I'm anxious to meet you as we have so many friends in  common: three of your 
directors, John Duncan, Pug Winokur and Norm Blake, and  the Slocums, to name 
just a few.
?
I look forward to hearing from you.
?
?
P.S. If it works in your schedule, I'm available to come  to Houston on 
August 28 or 29 or anytime the week of September  4.
Mike, Ken is not attending.  Thanks.
Rosie
The next World Economic Forum will be held September 11-13 in Melbourne.  I 
have received information from the Control Risks Group that several 
anti-capitalist and anarchist groups are planning major demonstrations to 
disrupt the proceedings. Like the earlier incidents in Seattle, large-scale 
clashes between demonstrators and police are expected.
If you or any of your staff members are planning to attend, you might want to 
consider your personal security when making hotel and local travel 
accomodations.  Corporate Security can provide local personal security agents 
if you desire.
Any non-essential travel to Melbourne during this time frame should be 
rescheduled.
,
Mike Hicks
Michelle, this came through just fine.  His address looks perfect.
Rosalee
Michelle Michot Foss  
Dear Ken:
Next April 25-27, 2001, Houston will host the 24th conference of the
International Association for Energy Economics, in combination with the
annual meeting of our U.S. Association for Energy Economics affiliate.  We
invite you to serve as our opening keynote speaker at the kick off luncheon
on Wednesday, April 25 to help set the tone, goals and objectives for this
event.
Our theme is "2001: An Energy Odyssey." We are using the conference to
showcase the role of economics in developing markets for energy, and to
deal with issues that impede, or facilitate, market development as well as
enterprise strategy and metamorphosis.  We can think of no one better to
clearly define these major themes and priorities than you.
I was a speaker and delegate at the World Forum on Energy Regulation in
Montreal last May, and greatly enjoyed your luncheon keynote (and hope that
the regulators and policy makers attending the Forum took your key points to
heart).  The thoughts you offered -- on the importance of standards, the
opportunities to build network platforms and Enron's own experience, are of
vital importance to IAEE/USAEE members.  We would ask you to include
comments on the fundamental importance of economic principles in both
guiding market development and the efforts of those of us who operate in
markets on behalf of enterprises.
The IAEE remains the largest worldwide combination of industry, business and
university interests engaged in energy development and policy.  To bring you
up-to-date on the association, our Web site is www.iaee.org. I'm sure
Rosilea will have someone on her staff pull the relevant materials together
for you. I have also included the call for papers for the Houston conference
(at the end of this mail) which lines out the major sessions and topics. In
addition to our invitation to you, we are inviting Mark Moody-Stuart of
RD/Shell for the April 26 keynote luncheon to address environmental issues
and Rilwanu Lukman, Secretary General of OPEC (and a member of IAEE), in a
joint session with the Board of Directors of the Offshore Technology
Conference on Friday, to cover worldwide outlooks for oil and gas.
Finally, as you know, Enron Corp. for some time has been a corporate
sponsor of our UH Energy Institute and the previous Natural Gas Project,
which you helped to found.  Thus, we also are relying on Rob Bradley to help
identify and implement the major environmental themes for the plenary
session, "Sustaining Development" (yes, we indeed are trying to turn
thinking around with our re-phrasing).
I hope to hear from Rosilea soon on your interest and availability.  We
look forward to having you with us next April!
Michelle
Michelle Michot Foss, Ph.D.
Director, Energy Institute
General Chairman, IAEE/USAEE 24th Conference and
President Elect, USAEE
College of Business Administration
University of Houston
Houston, TX  77204-6283 USA
Tel. 713-743-4634
Fax 713-743-4881
www.uh.edu/energyinstitute
24th IAEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE
Hosted by:
United States Association for Energy Economics
Houston Chapter, USAEE/IAEE
2001:  An Energy Odyssey?
Omni Hotel =01) Houston, Texas  - USA
April 25-27, 2001
Conference Objective
To look ahead at the changing energy landscape and the future role of energy
economics across fuels, business segments and geographies.
Session Themes and Topics
ENERGY BUSINESS METAMORPHOSIS
*Redefining the energy industry, the energy business and the energy
economist
*Coming to terms with the New Economy
*Industry consolidation: what=01,s next?
SUSTAINING DEVELOPMENT
*What is sustainable development and how should it be measured?
*Market tools for sustainability
*Balancing energy and environmental needs
RISK MANAGEMENT INNOVATIONS
*Political risk assessment in investment decisions
*Techniques for price risk management
*Why risk management fails
NEW POLITICS AND ENERGY
*Sub-national issues: how do they play in the end game?
*New paradigms =01) markets, regions, corporate roles, NOC roles
*The end of the oil era, what would it mean?
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMATIONS =01) EVOLUTION OR REVOLUTION?
*Impacts on energy demand
*Impacts on energy supply
*E-commerce linkages and impacts
*** CALL FOR PAPERS Deadline for Submission of Abstracts:   December 4, 2000
(Please included your CV when submitting your abstract)
Anyone interested in organizing a session should propose topics,
motivations, and possible speakers to Program Co-Chairs:
Leslie J. Deman =01) 713-230-3429 / ldeman@coral-energy.com
Marianne S. Kah =01) 281-293-2136 / marianne.s.kah@usa.conoco.com
Abstracts should be between 200-1500 words and must clearly address the
theme of the conference and topics above to be considered for presentation
at the meeting.  At least one author from an accepted paper must pay the
registration fees and attend the conference to present the paper. All
abstracts/proposed sessions and inquiries should be submitted to:
David Williams, Executive Director, USAEE/IAEE
28790 Chagrin Blvd., Suite 350, Cleveland, OH  44122   USA
Phone:  216-464-2785 /  Fax:  216-464-2768  /  E-mail:  usaee@usaee.org
Conference Chair Emeritus:  John B. Boatwright
General Conference Chair:  Michelle M. Foss
Program Co-Chairs:  Leslie J. Deman / Marianne S. Kah
Arrangements Chair:  David L. Williams
AGAIN THIS YEAR:  USAEE Best Student Paper Award ($1000.00 cash prize plus
waiver of conference registration fees).  If interested, please contact
USAEE Headquarters for detailed application/guidelines.
Katherine, Ken will be on vacation, so I don't think he'll be calling in However, I'll let you know.
Rosie
Katherine Brown
08/15/2000 11:24 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, August 21
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person _______
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
August 18.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Mr. Enloe -
Ken Lay asked me to let you know that regrettably he will be in Europe, so 
unable to attend the dinner.
Rosalee
I would like to request that you reserve the evening of Friday, September
29, 2000 for a dinner in New York honoring Ben Rosen as he retires from the
board of Compaq Computer Corporation.
Further details (time, location, etc.) will follow.
Please reply to this email ASAP and let me know your availability.
Thanks, Ted
Liz, I don't know how the address shows up when sent, but they tell us it's 
kenneth.lay@.
Talk to you soon, I hope.
Rosie
Dear Mr. Galvan,
Thank you for your recent letter concerning my support of a new basketball=20
arena in Downtown Houston.  I believe that the responsibilities of my=20
position at one of the world=01,s leading companies extend far beyond day to day=20
business- I take a leading role in the communities where my employees live=20
and work. =20
I agree that corporate stewardship is essential in our community. At Enron,=20
we are aware of the underserved populations in our neighborhoods, which is=20
why each year we give back one percent of our earnings to charitable causes.=20
As we have grown, so have these donations. Enron=01,s community investments=20
include supporting programs that promote cultural diversity, educational=20
programming and scholarships, and assisting those struggling to rebuild their=20
lives.=20
Three years ago, Houstonians took the initiative to keep the Houston Astros=20
in town by passing a baseball stadium referendum that sparked the=20
revitalization of our downtown district. A new downtown basketball arena to=20
house our hometown Houston Rockets and Comets would amplify our current=20
efforts.=20
Houston has a vibrant, attractive, central business district that is=20
recognized globally.  A basketball arena is of key importance for the=20
continuing revitalization of downtown Houston, for keeping the Rockets and=20
Comets in town, and for retaining an exceptional workforce in our world class=20
city. We must not allow our city to lose its competitive advantage on or off=20
the court.=20
Enron has more than 6,500 employees who work and live in Houston and we all=20
take great pride in this city and its success.  We plan to stay in Houston=20
for a long time, and it is essential that the Houston Rockets and Comets make=20
Houston their home, too. Downtown now has a new feeling and a new level of=20
excitement and Houston cannot afford to stop the momentum.
Sincerely,
Ken Lay
Michael, I think Monday will be fine.
Enron Energy Services
Thank you, Rosalee.  I will be forwarding to you Monday, a briefing package 
that will provide Mr. Lay with background on the proposed transaction, the 
client and client representatives.   Please let Lety Smith, who is my 
administrative support (ext 36562) know if Mr. Lay will need it sooner Lety will page me in the field to make alternative arrangements.
Michael Mann
Kenneth Lay@ on 08/09/2000 02:24:39 PM
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming@
Michael, in case you need Ken's bio, I am attaching it for your use.
Rosalee
Enron Energy Services
We have confirmed a meeting to introduce you to Tom Young, EVP (and member, 
O-I Board of Directors) and members of his management team at O-I 
Headquarters next Tuesday, 8/15 at 11:30 am.  We have 90 minutes, Mr. Young 
will be hosting us to lunch during our meeting.  Joe Lemieux, CEO, is 
unavailable only because his calendar just didn't match up with your near 
term available dates.  My strong bias is that the sooner we have an 
opportunity to connect at the top the better, especially given our drive to 
close in Q-3.
In addition to coordinating logistics, I will get briefing packets to your 
offices Monday describing the proposed transaction, deal related issues 
(details are not likely to come up during the meeting), key O-I personnel 
bios, and general information about O-I and its current business, including 
summary outside financial analysis.
,
Michael
Please confirm the time of the meeting.  Sorry, but I can't remember.  Ken 
has a 1:00 p.m. back at the office.
Michael, in case you need Ken's bio, I am attaching it for your use.
Rosalee
Enron Energy Services
We have confirmed a meeting to introduce you to Tom Young, EVP (and member, 
O-I Board of Directors) and members of his management team at O-I 
Headquarters next Tuesday, 8/15 at 11:30 am.  We have 90 minutes, Mr. Young 
will be hosting us to lunch during our meeting.  Joe Lemieux, CEO, is 
unavailable only because his calendar just didn't match up with your near 
term available dates.  My strong bias is that the sooner we have an 
opportunity to connect at the top the better, especially given our drive to 
close in Q-3.
In addition to coordinating logistics, I will get briefing packets to your 
offices Monday describing the proposed transaction, deal related issues 
(details are not likely to come up during the meeting), key O-I personnel 
bios, and general information about O-I and its current business, including 
summary outside financial analysis.
,
Michael
Ken Lay wrote:
"Loyal -
I was really disappointed you and Lavonne were not able to make the Rees 
reunion.  I was looking forward to catching up with both of you.
Our broadband business is doing great.  Just a few days ago, we announced a 
video-on-demand service we will be providing with Blockbuster.  It has 
created a lot of interest.
In general, my family is doing very well.  Linda and I now have six grandkids 
(four new ones since the first of the year) plus Elizabeth's wedding.  Let's 
stay in touch.
Ken"
Loyal Lay  Hi Kenny: Bonny sent me your E-mail address and
so I am trying it out. Sorry we could not make it
to the party. The temperature is very warm here
in Kansas today. I checked Enron stock recently
and it looks like it is doing fine. I am
particularly interested in your venture into the
fiber optics communications business and the
windpower. We sold our interest in the Cellular
business last year and I think the land line
company will be sold soon. We sold to Allied
Telephone Coimpany of Little Rock. Two other
engineers and myself put Kansas Cellular together
about 14 years ago. Then we built a fiber system
from East to West across Kansas. That was sold
with the Cellular. Take care of yourself-Loyal
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Kick off your party with Yahoo! Invites.
Hi Jaime -
Thanks for the information about the dinner.  Ken said that he would be 
flying from Aspen to New York (or Washington, if that's the city).  He said 
he would very much like to meet with you for 30 - 45 minutes before the 
dinner for a briefing 
Thanks.
Rosie 
Jaime Alatorre
08/08/2000 10:33 AM
Sent by: Jaime Alatorre
Dear Ken,
Federico Sada, who is travelling with President elect Vicente Fox in South 
America, called me this morning, 
and asked me to give you the confirmed list of attendees to the dinner in New 
York, Wednesday August 23, 8:00 P.M.
at the Watteau Room of the St. Regis Hotel:
Sanford I. Weill   Citigroup, Inc.   Chairman and CEO
Hendrick Verfaille  Monsanto Co.   President and CEO
William B Harrison, Jr.  Chase Manhattan Corp.  Chairman and CEO
Raymond V. Gilmartin  Merck and Company, Inc. Chairman and CEO
Michael Armstrong  AT&T    Chairman and CEO
Stephen M. Wolf  US Airways   Chairman and CEO
Kenneth L. Lay   Enron Corp.   Chairman and CEO
Pending confirmation
Douglas A. Warner III  J.P. Morgan   Chairman
According to Federico, if there is any late cancellation, no one will be 
substituted. Also, there is a small possibility that
the dinner could take place in Washington, rather than N.Y., based on Fox's 
meeting with President Clinton; they are still
working on the final agenda. 
Max and myself are working on the background information that you will need, 
and will keep you posted of any 
changes;  ,  jaime____
Mr. Christman:
Thank you for your invitation for Dr. Lay to speak at your upcoming forum in 
France, the format looks wonderful.  Unfortunately, Dr. Lay has calendar 
conflicts and will be unable to participate.
If you should need further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Tori Wells
Executive Assistant
Oh, Rob, I'm happy to do so!!  I hope you are on vacation!!
Rosie
Rob Bradley
08/04/2000 01:27 PM
Great--and I will be inspired with my draft of his remarks.
Rosie, could you call the phone number on the invitation, ask for Herb 
Bateman (he is the director), and tell him of the commitment?
I am out of town and do not have their number, and they called me wondering 
about Ken's decision last Friday.
Thanks,
- Rob
Kenneth Lay on 08/04/2000 12:40:45 PM
Sent by: Rosalee Fleming
Hi Rob -
Ken said "If you'll prepare the remarks, I'll be happy to do this".
Rosie
Rob Bradley
07/19/2000 09:51 AM
If you are inclined to accept this invitation, we could put together an 
interesting talk on the importance of good mental health to business with 
some national statistics and then segue into Enron's emphasis on wellness and 
having fun in the workplace.  Our strategy and experience will be very 
interesting to the group since it shows what a corporate leader is doing to 
become the employer of choice in the marketplace.
You could expect a full house (around 400) for the talk.  If it fits into 
your schedule, Jack Bowen said he would be delighted to be honorary chairman 
of the event.
- Rob
Hi Rob -
Ken said "If you'll prepare the remarks, I'll be happy to do this".
Rosie
Rob Bradley
07/19/2000 09:51 AM
If you are inclined to accept this invitation, we could put together an 
interesting talk on the importance of good mental health to business with 
some national statistics and then segue into Enron's emphasis on wellness and 
having fun in the workplace.  Our strategy and experience will be very 
interesting to the group since it shows what a corporate leader is doing to 
become the employer of choice in the marketplace.
You could expect a full house (around 400) for the talk.  If it fits into 
your schedule, Jack Bowen said he would be delighted to be honorary chairman 
of the event.
- Rob
Letter dictated by Ken Lay
Gene:
I appreciated the update on your health status.  It appears you are taking a 
very tough situation and, with help from some of the best doctors in the 
world, setting about to turn it around.  I'm sure it goes without saying that 
you know we are all pulling for you and betting on a positive outcome.
Clearly your health is the number one issue now.  To the extent you want to 
work and can work, we are delighted to have you back in the office.  But that 
is a very distant secondary concern until you get everything done about your 
health that can be done.  If there is any way I or Enron can be of any 
further help, please let me know.
Ken 
Dictated letter from Ken Lay
Dear John:
I enjoyed your recent e-mail.  I also appreciate your kind comments 
concerning our broadband activity.  The deal with Blockbuster has been a 
great deal of fun and is opening up all kinds of additional opportunities.
I enjoyed looking through the agenda for your meeting in Sweden.  It looks 
quite informative and interesting.  Sweden is also an excellent place for a 
summer conference.
The young man you refer to in your letter should send his resume to Celeste 
Roberts at (713) 853-0555.  If he would also copy me on the letter to 
Celeste, I would be happy to follow up and make sure it is carefully 
considered.
I'm delighted that your life appears to be going very well at the current 
time.  I hope our paths will again cross in Aspen or elsewhere in the not too 
distant future.
Warm 
Ken
Ken said "John, this looks fine to me.  Why not send it to George for his 
consideration".
Rosalee for Ken Lay
Ken-I have revised the term sheet provided to us by George yesterday along
the lines that you suggested to give the partners somewhat stronger rights
on the choice of seats and suites.  These rights are not as strong as the
rights the Partnership got from the Astros, but I hope they will be
considered sufficient by the partners.  I received an e-mail yesterday from
Conoco reiterating Archie's concern on the preferential rights.  So far, all
of the partners  I've heard from on the financing term sheet are OK with it.
However, I haven't yet heard from Ric Campo on the financing term sheet.
- v2-term sheet with Rockets.DOC
Hi Mr. Grady -
I did talk to Joe Hillings this morning, who is currently in Philadelphia, 
and he said that is great for you to attend.  In addition, I did talk to Ken 
and he said "absolutely", so please plan on it.
Ken and Linda will arrive in Philadelphia tomorrow night.
See you in September.
Rosalee
Robert Grady  Ken:
Greetings from the GOP Convention.  I notice on my master schedule that
Enron is hosting a cocktail party on Wednesday from 5 to 7.  I was wondering
two things:
1.  Is it alright if I come by, as a member of the Advisory Committee?  And,
2.  Will I 
Hope all is well and that I will see you in Philadelphia.
I am staying at the Sheraton University City as a member of the California
delegation. 215-222-2910.  I am also wearing my Blackberry for 24 x 7 real
time wireless email access.
,
Bob
Yes, Dennis, we got it by e-mail and fax.  Thanks.
Rosalie:
Chairman Quain asked me to forward these to Dr. Lay for his consideration.
Please let me know when you get these, and if you can open them.
Thanks!
Dennis J. Buckley
Counsel to the Chairman
- points1.doc
- JMQres.doc
Mr. Galvan - I wanted to let you know that Mr. Lay is out of the office until 
Monday, so he will not be able to see your e-mail until then.
Rosalee
GALVAN666@aol.com on 07/26/2000 03:10:24 PM
Dear Mr. Lay:
My name is James Partsch-Galvan. I am the Libertarian Candidate
for Texas Rep. 147. I do not support this new Sports Arena Deal. I was on the
winning side last year, and I am galvanizing to be be on the winning side
this year.
I find it very deporable that the Sports Authority cancelled its Board
Meeting tomorrow. This is another dirty trick that the Sports Authority is
making to make it harder for citizens to voice their opinions. This is one
more reason for taxpayers to vote no for any taxpayer funds to fund a new
arena that is not needed.
Sincerely, James Partsch-Galvan
Libertarian Candidate for Texas Rep. 147
Katherine Brown
07/25/2000 11:51 AM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date:  Monday, July 31
Time:  11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video:  Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.  Please contact Sherri Sera 
(713/853-5984) 
or Katherine Brown (713/345-7774) for the weekly dial-in number and 
passcode.
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and 
through what medium. 
Yes, I will attend in person ___XX____
By video conference from _______
By conference call  _______
No, I will not attend  _______
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, 
July 28.
Thank you, 
Katherine
Thanks, Debbie.  These are lucky guys - they are going to have some undivided 
attention.
Rosie
Debbie Nowak
07/24/2000 03:02 PM
Rosalee/Pam:
The following are the participants for the July 25th Forum.  As you can see, 
two attendees had to withdraw.
Attendeess:
Craig Breslau
Chee Ken Chew (Dabhol)
Larry Lawyer
Richard Leibert
Rodrigo Mendiwelso (Columbia)
Jordan Mintz
Mark Palmer
Stephen Pearlman
Dan Reck
Frank Wang
Thanks so much!
Debbie
x33304
Sherrie, good question!!  I called the chairman's office and it is publicly 
held on the NYSE as "itwo".
Rosie
Rosie,
Do you know if this company is privately or publicly held?  Please advise
me.  Thanks for keeping me informed.
Sherrie
 Hi Sherrie and Sally -