> 107.  Allegra Huston, Taos NM
 > 108. Trey Speegle, Brooklyn, NY
 > 109. Roswell Hamrick, New York City, NY
 110. Peter Frank, New York City
 111. Stephen Magner, Washington DC
 112. Ilse Lemke, Corte Madera, CA
 113. Anna Kauffman, San Francisco, CA
 114. Kelly Irby
115. Amelia Stephan, San Francisco, CA
116. Nicholas Stephan, Houston, TX
117.       Susan Scott, Houston, TX
Pursuant to your request, attached is a very plain-vanilla motion to 
intervene out of time and motion to expedite that you can provide to your 
non-Gallup customers if you like.  If you do so, please inform them that we 
are not providing this as legal advice but merely as an example, and whether 
they choose to file in this proceeding and the content of what they file is 
up to their own respective legal and regulatory departments.
Where were you last night?
Tell Lisa that EOL sucks...I've had to rebook 40 screwed up deals...hope to 
be there by 7:00
Turns out my boss is going to get to Teala's at @ 5:00.  So if you want to 
show up earlier, say 6:00/6:30, I'm sure that would be cool.  I know Ben, 
Nick and possibly Sunil are planning on going so you may want to see when 
they are planning on getting there.
I'm finally having my going away Happy Hour with my old group tonight so I'm 
out.   Sorry.  Hope you guys have fun (Don't forget Woody's is a cheese-fest)
Christa Winfrey
05/04/2000 03:29 PM
A couple of us were thinking about meeting somewhere tonight (other than 
Woody's).  Anyone else up for it?
I too enjoyed our talk last night ( I'm always interested in other 
viewpoints, it is only by examining them that we challenge our own 
The Happy Hour tonight is at Teala's on West Dallas.  My recommendation is 
that you plan on arriving at 7:00 or later.  Hopefully by that time my old 
manager will have had enough to drink he won't mind all these other people on 
his tab.
I must admit, the job just keeps sounding better and better.
P.S. Thanks for the compliment...that's a quality I like being associated 
with.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/04/2000 01:42 PM
yo  there...good talk last night.
There is something i appriciate abuot you which is your willingness to put 
yourself on the line...I find that to be a quality.
Anyway, I might be living this week end, though i would come back next 
friday, but then i would go to NY for that weekend...Ben's BBQ
Yeha i've got two days of meeting in  NY and then somwhere down south with my 
new boss.
traveling all week...loving this already.
Also i just filled out a American Express coportate card app..(VP and higher 
are priviledge to that, keep it a secret)
I love this job What is the plan tonight, what is the party about let me know
While I don't truly fear you becoming a bitter individual as a result of 
these negative experiences, I do feel the highlighted section below is now 
more appropriate than ever.
One must keep their eyes open and use all of the wisdom they possess when 
they trust.  Just as I suggested that positive experiences can cause one's 
level of trust to grow exponentially, negative experiences can cause 
irreparable harm.  If you trust blindly or too willingly and that trust is 
violated it colours every aspect of your life.  There are too many people in 
this world that have become bitter and cynical, not because they were born 
that way but, because they handed out trust haphazardly and too many times 
that trust was thrown back in their face.  I don't mean to suggest from the 
above that one should live in a day-to-day mind-set of distrust but rather 
that they must really look at people and all the aspects which they posses I have come to the conclusion that if you spend most of your time observing 
and listening to people rather than always taking the lead you will learn a 
great deal more about them and their character.  The smallest acts and 
statements can in fact say the most, so always be observant. (This includes 
listening to what others have to say and paying attention to the opinions of 
people whom you respect.)
To that end I have one last comment...I am constantly amazed and periodically 
reminded what fragile creatures we humans are.  That beyond the hype and 
self-grandizing the basic components of ourselves (our experiences, fears, 
cares, concerns, needs etc.) cannot be completely disregarded and will always 
be a part of us.  I think that only by recognizing those components and 
trying to understand their origin can we truly become stronger.
*31455
Wilson Kriegel@
05/03/2000 05:50 PM
give me your phone number in the bulding?
I'm sure we can find you a ride over there.  What time do you think you're 
going to be finished-up here?
Wilson Kriegel@
05/03/2000 05:27 PM
this weather really sucks i just finished working out...and got some shit to finish here but still wondering about tonight, cause if it rains i have no way of getting 
to little woodrows 
Are you still going to run?
I have purchased 4 tickets to Saturday night's show.  Maybe we can all go out 
to dinner before-hand or I wouldn't mind having everyone over to my place for 
a little wine and food?  Also, I don't think I can make this week's Tasters 
dinner because my old group is having a belated going away happy hour in 
honour of me.  PARTAY 
no comments this month
DENISE LAGESSE
12/20/99 02:35 PM
I have not yet received your comments to the Monthly Report, which is 
attached below.  Please send your comments to me (not Emily) as soon as 
possible.  If you do not have comments this month, please let me know so that 
I can mark you off the list.  Thanks very much 
Attached is November's Monthly Report.  I know I'm asking for your revisions 
to it earlier than usual, but with everyone being out during the holidays 
(myself included) we decided it would be easier to incorporate changes you 
make to this report into the Weekly so you only have to update one report.
Denise Lagesse is going to do the updates next week for me while I'm on 
vacation so send your changes and new items to her by Friday, December 
17th.....Thanks....and Merry Christmas everybody 
As you know, current firm contracts on Transwestern provide for delivery of 
250 MMcf/d of gas to Topock.  In the context of the Gallup Expansion, 
Transwestern has entered into firm contracts for an additional 40 MMcf/d to 
Topock.  Once the Gallup expansion is built, Transwestern will have a total 
of 290 MMcf/d of firm capacity under contract to the Topock delivery point 40 MMcf/d more than PG&E has agreed to accept while PCBs continue to be 
present.
Bill Cordes has asked what Transwestern's potential liability to shippers 
would be if PG&E's refusal to accept deliveries due to the continued presence 
of contaminants causes Transwestern to have to curtail firm service at 
PG&E/Topock.  The legal answer is that Transwestern's tariff provides for a 
reservation charge refund but does not limit the damages that could be sought 
by a shipper 
More specifically, Rate Schedule FTS-1 specifically provides for a 
reservation charge refund if Transwestern fails to deliver gas for a firm 
shipper.  In December, January, February, July and August, the shipper is 
entitled to a reservation charge refund for all nominated and confirmed 
quantities not delivered.  In all other months, the shipper is entitled to a 
refund only if deliveries fall below 75% of nominated/confirmed quantities 
for a period of 75 consecutive days. The tariff does not preclude a shipper 
from seeking other damages resulting from Transwestern's failure to provide 
service under an FTS-1 contract.  A shipper whose firm service is curtailed 
would likely incur damages in addition to the reservation charge, including, 
for example, the cost of buying spot gas or damages resulting from the 
shipper's inability to fulfill contractual obligations. Such damages could be 
recovered in a breach of contract action.  Not all shippers would incur such 
damages because some might be willing to take delivery of gas at alternate 
points if capacity is available at such points.
Bill has asked Steve to work with me in quantifying our potential exposure I could really use your help in putting a dollar amount on potential 
damages.  Can we meet briefly to discuss this?  I'm available after the 
Gallup meeting tomorrow a.m., or after lunch on Friday...or we can discuss a 
meeting time for next week.  Thank you.
By the way, when are you leaving for NY/moving all of your stuff?  And, 
when's your last day at the Big "E"?
I will most likely have a good headstart by the time you get there.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/03/2000 01:11 PM
i'm going running for sure at memorial park tonight...so i'd say latest 
8pm 
What time are you thinking about getting over there?
It is tonight and it looks as though we will have great weather.  I'm 
planning on getting there ASAP as I've had a rough week already and need some 
beer in a bucket.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/03/2000 10:28 AM
hey is tonight little woodrows or is that tomorrow?
I apologise for the delay in my response to your email.  Thank you for 
contacting me regarding the rotational opportunity in your group.  While it 
sounds intriguing, I will not be able to pursue it as I have already begun my 
second rotation with ENA.  However, I would appreciate the opportunity to 
learn more about your group and any possible future rotations.  Please let me 
know if you would be able to meet at some later date.  Thank you again.
Jackson Vo@EES
04/27/2000 04:15 PM
Susan,
I received your resume from the analyst/associate pool and understand that 
you will be rotating soon.  I'm a manager for EES Europe looking for an 
analyst to be  based in Houston who can join within the next two months.  If 
you have an interest in discussing this opportunity, please call me so that 
we can set-up a time to talk. 
Jackson Vo
(853-4756)
Job ID 152
I've called and checked before and evidently the steak cook comes rain, 
sleet, snow or hail.  So unless everyone's opposed to eating inside, if it's 
raining, we can go no matter what.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/02/2000 04:51 PM
yeah i guess so...Anyone who care bare being around me i guess
if you find any hot girls let me know But basicaly the regular...need to make sure it's not raining !
Who all would you like on your guest list for tomorrow?  Regular crew?
I may have to start training now for that.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/02/2000 01:11 PM
Yes coming to visit in NY will be a must and i'll take you out, with my Boyz, 
and show you a little what partying, drinking and going all out is all about.
In honour of your departure I think it is only right that we do "Red Meat" 
one more time.  I feel as though I've said this a lot lately 
but...Congratulations.  I don't want to devalue the statement by repeating it 
over and over again so just know that I am completely sincere when I say it The money sounds fantastic, although I hope that aside from the money you 
enjoy and are challenged by your new role.  I may not know you inside and out 
but I do know that you need to be in an exciting and fast-paced environment 
to hold your interest and sustain motivation and this sounds like it will 
provide that for you.  Also, the step up position-wise is great and I think 
deserved.  As far as being scared goes, that'll be our little secret.  You do 
know though that fear is a great motivator and often provides us with that 
extra push to do and try the things we may not have otherwise done 
I guess this means I'll have a good excuse to visit NY.
Wilson Kriegel@
05/02/2000 12:37 PM
I guess we should do  red meat one last time before i leave.
I got the official offer on Paper, and well...i'm blown away.Couldn't sleep 
last night
I'm now a manager..yeah you heard me right.
I'm Manager of Internet Marketing...WOW...and well the money..Well you can 
ask around you what Manager make, i blew past the 100K, like a crazy ".com" 
myself....I'm excited and scared, yes scared...i'll admit, but don't tell 
anyone.
SO i'm a little confuse on some things such as when i'm actually moving to 
NY, but Im in NY for Work next week.
So it will happen fast and i'm out of Enron this week.
That's the news 
Sure, why the heck not.
Please let me know ASAP if you can attend a Happy Hour this Thursday in your 
honor (at Teala's on W. Dallas).
MM
Christine -- Here's a brief answer to your questions.
With regard to segmentation, Order 637 is completely silent with regard to 
rates to be charged for segmented capacity, so we would have considerable 
leeway here.  The order is also silent with respect to the effective 
restriction of segmented capacity by making discounts inapplicable to certain 
alternate (or primary) points.  Hopefully TW will be able to avoid the 
segmentation issue altogether by invoking the Global Settlement, as we plan 
to do in our rehearing request and compliance filing.  (Our Global Settlement 
argument is that we should be able to rely on tariff provisions, including 
our current restriction on changing primary points, that were implemented to 
mitigate the effects of turnback on TW).
On hourly service, I believe that we could put an hourly service into place 
on TW without  running afoul of the Peak and Off-Peak Rates (i.e., seasonal 
rates) provisions of the order.  In other words, I think the Commission would 
see them as two separate kinds of service.
As for how to communicate with our customers, I believe Regulatory has 
offered to have a meeting with TW customers in early April to make a 
presentation on Order 637 and provide a forum for discussion.  I realize the 
order becomes effective March 27; however, compliance filings are not due 
until May 1, and some requirements do not even become effective until 
September 1.  Before the beginning of April, the GPG pipelines will simply 
not have their positions fully formed enough to make a very well-organized 
presentation to persons outside the company.  The meeting is still in the 
planning stages and I will fill you in on details as they are available.  In 
the meantime, if your customers have questions, I'll be happy to help answer 
them.
Christine Stokes
03/02/2000 10:32 AM
Thanks Susan for the 637 summary.  Here are a couple of items that I need 
additional clarification on:
1)  Segmentation -  You summarized " Pipelines must allow segmentation to the 
extend operationally feasible and cannot hide behind current tariff 
provisions ...  "    Does this mean, for example, an Ignacio to California 
contract (i.e. 40,000 Dth/d at a $.20 total path rate) could be segmented by 
the shipper such that on any single day they could nom 40 MM/d from Ignacio 
to El Paso Blanco as well as 40 MM/d from Blanco to California?  If they 
could, would the $.20 apply to each segment such that we could bill them 80 
MM/d ($.20) for the time period that they flowed on a segmented basis or 
would they only pay the $.20 applied to the contract's 40 MM/d MDQ Another scenario would be if the shipper is allowed to flow based on this 
segmented basis, but unless the discount letter providing the $.20 
specifically provides for a negotiated segmented transport rate the shipper 
will be billed MAX rate for some or both of the segmentated paths (?) if 
these paths are not already provided as "alternate" receipt or delivery 
paths 
2)  Peak & OFF-Peak Rates. - You summarized " The policy does not apply to 
long-term shippers with contracts for 12 or more consective months of 
service 
TW will eventually file for hourly rates, however, the parties most 
interested in this service will be marketers serving a generation station, or 
the generation station's own gas supply manager/purchaser.  Most likely these 
contracts WILL BE of a longer term nature than month to month or even 
seasonal.  I need to reconcile your summarized comment to what we will expect 
from the marketplace.
Thanks for your feedback.  Since 637 is effective March 27th, I am eager to 
be able to speak intelligently to my customers regarding some of these more 
critical issues.  Thanks.
O.K.  Just wanted to see if we're still on for Saturday night.  Let me know 
if anyone else wants to come because I think I'm just going to order the 
tickets today over the phone or on the internet.  Also, I was trying to 
remember how much I covered of your meal the other night at Sabroso's.  I 
think it was around $15, so if it's okay with you I'll just pay for your 
ticket and then take the difference from the amount you sent in that email 
and cut you a check for that amount (I know I'm very delinquent).  I promise 
I'm good for the money.  Also, was wondering if you're still interested in 
the Bruce Cockburn concert on the 11th.  Just let me know.  Hope your having 
a wonderful day.
I just finished having lunch with Tobin and he filled me in a bit about this 
morning's meeting.  I don't know how you reacted, if you were upset, etc but I wanted to offer this up if you were struggling with the situation Whatever happens and whatever is said about your move don't ever lose sight 
of the fact that in every aspect of this situation you conducted yourself in 
the best and most open manner possible.  In no way can or should your conduct 
be called into question.  Bearing that in mind any criticism that was 
expressed within the meeting this morning was beyond inappropriate.  I am 
sure it reflected much more poorly on the accuser than it did any of those 
being criticized.  Furthermore, just keep focused on what an incredible 
opportunity this move is going to be for you and all of the doors it will 
inevitably open.  There isn't a doubt in my mind that you are bound for great 
things, you just have to seize the opportunities that will lead to that when 
they come along (which is exactly what you've done 
Keep your chin up and whatever you do don't doubt yourself or your actions.
Again Mark I am flattered that you include me in these explanations...but I 
don't really need them anymore.
Mark Fondren
04/28/2000 10:22 AM
The 5 day loss violation resulted from long outright WTI position (Jun00  
NYMEX curve down $1.39/bbl from 4/24  to  4/26) and long outright Propane 
position (Apr00 Propane curve down $.52/bbl 4/20 to 4/27 
Please call with questions
Mark
Ben was actually already planning on going.  In fact he informed me he would 
be bringing a friend from Canada 
FYI - I didn't know there was a "friend" in Canada until very recently 
(although I had my suspicions) and further more had never heard a name until 
today.  Regardless, any friend of y'alls is a friend of mine.  Also, Nick is 
going to bring Amy (his significant other 
Should be an interesting evening.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/26/2000 04:58 PM
i'll be there on time for a good steak...did you invite Ben?
It looks like people are going to start arriving around 7:00 so I'd say just 
show up after your done running and getting all pretty.  I'm sure we'll all 
be there till at least 10:00.
So are you going tonight or not?
You're the greatest 
I think Little Woodrow's is on for tonight although I'm still waiting to see 
if my brother and his wife want to go out tonight (he leaves for South Korea 
Sunday), if they're a no go I will be on the deck with a bucket of beer 
P.S. You are in peak physical condition.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/26/2000 02:33 PM
i believe that in the spychology of things and oneself, a person never has to 
lose, and can always win somehow and in someway I have made very big sacrifices and have done some rather "not Nice" 
things...to win
True i have not often lost...losing is a frame of mind and a way of thinking, 
the question is, have i always been the best i could be and on that end, 
well....Yeah i rarely lose...i don't see why one would want to.
But i have been beaten by people even when i gave my best in sports mainly 
and then their are always smarter people..so
it's relative Ture i am the most looked at guy at memorial park, and i can't figure out if 
i actually enjoy it or not, because i know my true self, and the reality..i 
have no friends, and i go to bed by myself everynight...i'm a very lonely 
person at heart and in my head, and well beside Shannon
most girls i have dated, though pretty, are not hotties, but rather have a 
lot of charme and personality..and 
oh more more honest coment, i don't actually have an opinion on my looks...i 
don't really care....(but i do know about my body! and yeah few come close)
there
Is it really so you can look at girls or so people can look at you?
I think your right about everyone being able to beat anyone with one 
important caveat.  The individuals in question must be in the same strata.  I 
would not anticipate that an olympic medal winning long-distance runner could 
be beat by Joe Shmoe who runs every day at Memorial Park.  Of course if one 
is patient and bides their time they could probably stand a shot when the guy 
gets really old and slow.
Also, are you so bold as to suggest you've never lost?  Or do you not 
identify them as losses but rather the results of your own choosing?
Wilson Kriegel@
04/26/2000 01:40 PM
well he was with her...his ugly...what the hell and i'm always up for a challenge and because i have alwyas been the under 
dog, my first true assumption is that everyone can beat anyone.
That's what i think inside, now what i show and tell is different...I don't 
lose and no you are not a the level that you could beat me hihi
and i go run at 5:30pm, cause like that i can look at girls 
No I'm not close b/c I can't take off 2hrs from work to go run in the park However, I am getting up every morning at 6 to go run so that ought to count 
for extra.  Besides when did this become a contest I wouldn't think you'd 
consider me a worthy adversary... at least not yet.  I do know the model 
you're speaking of, but isn't she married to some billionaire in Venezuela?
Wilson Kriegel@
04/26/2000 01:23 PM
so i'm already up to 15 miles runing for this week Are you even close....and i'll be adding another 6 miles today...my legs do 
hurt i will admit!
the model here:
Daniela Pestova
The post-id should be 766556.  I am still inputting the unofficial post-id on 
a daily basis in that file that was created for you all, 
O:\Erms\erms_adm\GasDaily\GDailyDrop.  Let me know if there's anything else I 
can do.
Purvi Patel
04/26/2000 08:36 AM
Hi Purvi.
Sorry to only come to you when I have a problem, but I've noticed a large 
increase in the number of Gas Daily Deals that fail to pull into our 
Reporting Database.  Could you tell me which Post ID these deals are in and 
when they were booked?  I would really appreciate your help.
Thanks for your help,
Carrie
See my changes on the attached.
Jeffery Fawcett
03/02/2000 12:45 PM
How was NY?
Just wanted to ease your mind and let you know that I have not discussed your 
impending move with anyone save those you have already informed.  I am well 
aware of the sensitivity of the subject.  Believe it or not, sometimes I am 
able to keep my mouth shut. 
Ginger,  I would very much like to participate in the meeting this Thursday However, given that it is bid-week, I cannot absolutely guarantee my 
attendance.  If it is at all possible for me to include myself with the 
caveat that I may have to pull-out last minute I would really appreciate the 
opportunity.  Please let me know if this is all right and I will do 
everything I can to attend.
The Analyst Program will be holding a meeting focusing on branding for 
recruiting brochures, content, website, and marketing materials.  Along with 
program management, David Bloom and Michelle Staley from Brecker & Merryman 
are hosting a focus group meeting to gather information to assist with this 
initiative.  You are invited to participate in this meeting, this Thursday, 
April 27 2:00 - 4:00 pm, location 44C1.  Conference call number/connection 
can be arranged for those individuals out of the Houston area.  Please let me 
know if you are able to participate.
Thank you
Ginger Gamble
What is it about the two of you that you think I can't handle?  And believe 
me I am making efforts to enlist worthy participants.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 02:28 PM
are you saying it's just the three of us?
which is fine with me..
but i don't know if you can handle Ben and I on a good day
Our regular Wednesday night crowd will be somewhat diminished.  However the 
most important individuals will be present...Us.
Who's picking on me?
I'll see what I can do but most of my girlfriends live in other cities and 
besides who wants to expend energy entertaining second string candidates?
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 01:49 PM
thanks////hey, if you know any girls...you should invite them. Maybe everyone 
won't be picking on you so much, if it's not a sausage fest everytime
I'm not going to take any lip from you.  The name is Little Woodrow's and 
it's on W. Alabama just off of Kirby.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 01:37 PM
you need to tell me the name of the thing for me to invite people...you 
invite the guys that usualy come and i'll gather my people
but what the name
Who all's going?
Say 7:30-7:45 and your on.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 01:22 PM
well, figure we need to get there and get a spot, but at the same time 
well....no one of us finishes that early...so i'd say 7pm
What kind of time frame are we looking at?
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 01:18 PM
i was thinking yes i talked to him and said we were going out, his up for it..
If not there then anything else, well is rather clean and expensive...and i 
like the guy and all, but if i can hand out with him and buy him cheap food, 
then its a plus
Donna Fulton is planning on attending the technical conference in the 
Amoco/Burlington complaint proceeding on El Paso's allocation procedures She has asked that we let her know, if possible, what particular issues we 
are interested in, as this will help her prepare for the conference.  Please 
let me know if you have any comments in this regard.
One caveat:  the technical conference is for "interested parties" only, and 
since TW is not an intervenor Donna is subject to being kicked out of the 
conf. if El Paso does not want TW represented there.  ENA will probably be 
sending a representative so at the very least we can probably get some 
intelligence from them.
For April 2000: Your mind is so active, inventive,
and unlimited this month that you're capable of
almost anything! (You've privately believed that
the rules don't necessarily apply to you.) This
month, your incredible adaptability and powers of
persuasion help you shed the status quo and
break out of the corral. Unless you catch your
foot in a bear trap, nothing can stop you. People
are fascinated by your mind, wit, ideas, and
conversation. (Don't forget: Oprah Winfrey is an
Aquarius!) Your views are welcomed and
provoke others to investigate things they may
have taken for granted. Speak up during the first
week, especially if it's to announce you're
starting a new venture. Business travel is likely
during the first and third weeks, especially if
contractual issues need to be finalized. Travel is
actually enjoyable this month and can open your
eyes to fresh horizons. Aquarius. . . you've
dragged your tin cup across the bars long
enough. I smell a prison break 
AQUARIUS
For April 17-23: Travel plans shape up and
morph into much more. Every step you take
seems to branch out into a sea of possibilities                    especially lately. The old rules don't apply
anymore. The idea of signing up for something
and hanging in there until retirement doesn't suit
an innovator like you. Your developing success
will beget an avalanche of more success. Have
your bags packed in preparation for spur of the
moment opportunities and travel necessities.
Your wanderlust is starting to surface in a big
way. You want to know more and experience life
on a richer level. You're not the same person
you were even a year ago. You understand more
about yourself. Be open to travel, moving,
advanced training, and additional contact with
media and publishing. The word is out, Aquarius
-- and hard-to-pass-up offers are already in the
mail 
You know me...any excuse to celebrate.  Name a time and place...amazingly my 
calendar appears to be open tomorrow night.
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 10:07 AM
thanks, for the email. i liked it very true but hey i'm not out of Enron yet,...and the physical move will be in a little 
while....so we have time to party and have some good times/
before i move Still think we should take Ben out for a dink tomorrow, unless you have a 
date?
Congratulations and yes you did.  I of course will be sad to see you go but I=20
know this is something you really wanted and therefore I can be nothing but=20
pleased for you.  I'd tell you to have fun this weekend in NY, but telling=20
you to have a good time in NY is like telling a sprinter to run fast. =20
As for myself I'm doing well.  I had incredible seats at the Opera Friday and=20
spent the rest of the weekend in Austin so all in all it was a great weekend.
Remind me again where you will be based in the new job (I thought NY but=20
wasn't sure).  Also, when do you make the Big Move?
As I've said before keep me posted on all your endeavors...they are always=20
interesting.
I think you already hold pretty true to the statement below, but it never=20
hurts to be reminded.
"For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20
life. But there was always some
obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished=20
business, time still to be served,=20
or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that=20
these obstacles WERE my "life."
=20
So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for no=20
one 
So stop waiting
until you finish school,
until you go back to school,
until you lose ten pounds,
until you gain ten pounds,
until you have kids,
until your kids leave the house,
until you start work,
until you retire,
until you get married,
until you get divorced,
until Friday night,
until Sunday morning,
until you get a new car or home,
until your car or home is paid off,
until spring,
until summer,
until fall,
until winter,
until you are off welfare,
until the first or fifteenth,
until your song comes on,
until you've had a drink,
until you've sobered up,
until you die,
until you are born again
to decide that there is no better time than=20
right now to be happy=01(
Happiness is a journey, not a=20
destination.
=20
-- Alfred D. Souza
Wilson Kriegel@
04/19/2000 08:57 AM
Did i tell you i was god well i ddin't do everything right over the past couple of month, but at the=20
end what matters is how fast you recognize these mistakes and how fast you=20
rebuild from=20
there...and well i ended getting what i wanted.=20
I got the offer at ResCo.
So i'm real excited that's the news. im in NY city this week end....party...Ben will be there=20
also...his birthday.
Anyway how are you doing we should go out tomrrow night or something later
I obviously didn't get up this morning to work-out...So I was wondering if 
you wanted to go for a run before Felicity tonight.  I should be home by 6:30 
or 7:00.  Let me know.
I was remiss in excluding y'all from the original distribution.  Please=20
except my apologies.
Susan M Scott
04/18/2000 11:08 AM
"For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20
life. But there was always some
obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished=20
business, time still to be served,=20
or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that=20
these obstacles WERE my "life."
=20
So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for no=20
one 
So stop waiting
until you finish school,
until you go back to school,
until you lose ten pounds,
until you gain ten pounds,
until you have kids,
until your kids leave the house,
until you start work,
until you retire,
until you get married,
until you get divorced,
until Friday night,
until Sunday morning,
until you get a new car or home,
until your car or home is paid off,
until spring,
until summer,
until fall,
until winter,
until you are off welfare,
until the first or fifteenth,
until your song comes on,
until you've had a drink,
until you've sobered up,
until you die,
until you are born again
to decide that there is no better time than=20
right now to be happy=01(
Happiness is a journey, not a=20
destination.
=20
-- Alfred D. Souza
Just found out from Minal that you guys are going to Osteria D'Aldo for your 
shower.  I hope you have a wonderful time but I have to warn you that the 
wine selection is extensive and the food is fantastic (although not very 
low-cal).  I know you're in the final stretch of the bet, however this just 
might be cause for a loss 
Bon Appetit!
Mike no longer writes actual tickets.  Confirms can find the information in 
the following location:
O:\_Dropbox\NYMEXDaysTrades\GDWest\BrokerTradeTickets\mmddyygdwest.xls
All of Mike's tickets deals can be found in this same location on a daily 
basis.
Hey 
I do not have deal tickets for deals NE8581 and NE8175.  These are from April 
13 and we want to send confirms ASAP.
Let me know 
Thanks a bunch Jennifer
5-7678
" To dream anything that you want to dream -
that is the beauty of the human mind.
To do anything you want to do -
that is the strength of the human will.
To trust yourself to test your limits -
that is the courage to succeed."
" Embrace hard things and your mind will blossom."
"This is America ENRON. We can do anything here." -- Ted Turner   Sunil Dalal
"Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could; some 
blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them
as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and 
with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your
old nonsense."  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the 
affection of children; to earn the appreciation of
honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate 
beauty, to find the best in others; to leave the world a little
better; whether by a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social 
condition; to know even one life has breathed easier
because you have lived. This is the meaning of success."   -Ralph Waldo 
Emerson 
Don't you mean no more.
Gary Stadler
04/18/2000 01:43 PM
I would have expected no less.
Thanks, Maria, this is very helpful.  I'm planning on drafting something this 
week for everyone's review.  Don't know if any other pipelines have tried to 
do anything similar but I'll find out.
Maria Pavlou
03/06/2000 04:39 PM
FYI a little more background 
The Amgas relationship began as a result of TW's efforts to unbundle under 
Order No. 636, whereby we assigned gas purchase contracts to Amgas.  In 
addition, we had them administer certain remaining gas purchase contracts as 
well as our de minimus sales function.  All Amgas does today is administer 
our sales function.  We never eliminated our sales function; we just 
transferred the administration of it to Amgas 
The marketing affiliate rule requires that a pipeline's sales division be 
treated as a functional equivalent of a marketing affiliate.   Our standards 
of conduct provide that the Vice President of Finance and Accounting is 
advised of pertinent sales activities by Amgas but does not participate in 
any of the day-to-day operations of Transwestern's merchant function.  As a 
result, the VP is not a shared operating employee under Standard G.  FTS-2 
transportation service is the unbundled no-notice transportation service the 
(former and current) sales customers received under Order No.  636.   I think 
we should be able to file revised standards saying that the merchant function 
is even smaller than it was when we unbundled [true?] which is not enough 
work for an agent to perform and that we've brought it back in house and 
explain why the person with the sales function responsibility is not a shared 
operating employee under G.   Maria 
This sounds like a good candidate for a waiver application to FERC.  If we 
can save the $60,000/yr, it would be worth asking FERC for authority to 
simply use an ET&S market services person to administer the farm tap sales 
from time to time, without any functional separation or other junk.  We could 
even list the specific sales contracts we have so FERC would be comfortable 
that we are not going to expand the business.  The NN situation was different 
(I think) because NN had formally notified FERC that it was discontinuing use 
of its sales rate schedule.  Would TW use the FTS-2 rate schedule?  We have 
never formally discontinued the TW sales function, right?   What do you guys 
think about the likelihood that FERC would approve such a waiver?  Has it 
ever approved similar small-volume waivers?  DF 
I've been asked to look into whether TW may administer its farm tap sales 
contracts directly or whether we need to continue to use AmGas.  TW no longer 
has any gas purchase contracts, just a handful of sales contracts to persons 
who granted rights of way to TW.  Many of these parties don't even buy gas on 
a regular basis, but they still have the contractual right to do so.  We pay 
AmGas around $60,000/year to administer the contracts.  The AmGas contract is 
terminable on 30 days notice.
I know that last year NNG re-established its pipeline sales division to make 
occasional gas sales and for other economic reasons (i.e. the base gas 
deal).  Do you think it would be worthwhile for TW to do the same?  Looks 
like NNG had an easy time getting its filing approved, but would like to hear 
from you what all was involved behind the scenes -- in other words, was it as 
easy as it looked 
Another idea that Maria suggested would be to apply to the Commission to 
waive the Section 284.286 requirements in this instance since the remaining 
sales contracts are so few and insignificant. 
Your comments would be most appreciated!
Here's the answer to your question regarding 28.  The depth and complexity 
are overwhelming.
Thank you.
Nick
nice.
Can you guys book a few deals this way in the test environment.  They are 
testing to see if they are able to generate an accurate confirm this way Thanks for your help 
JG
Bob Bowen
04/14/2000 01:30 PM
As per our discussion of this a.m., ENA IT has a "program fix" in Stage which 
will handle 
the generation of confirmations for Gas Daily swaps that may be booked as two 
legs in the
future.  This change effects both TAGG - Deal Capture and TAGG - Deal 
Clearing.
In order to be ready for the commercial people in case they use the two 
legged Gas Daily
deal, I am requesting that your Gas Daily team input maybe 20-25 deals in 
TAGG - Deal
Capture using the new guidelines.  Ron Nolte has outlined below how the input 
process 
should be handled for these types of deals.
I will be out of the office Monday and Tuesday of next week so I am 
requesting that the Gas 
Daily team have these deals in by next Wednesday.
Thanks for your help.
Ron Nolte
04/06/2000 01:15 PM
Bob,
Ricky is in the process of changing TAGG Deal Clearing to be able to combine 
the deal leg
containing the Nymex ( fixed )  price and the deal leg containing the Gas 
Daily( float )  price onto one
confirm.
In order for this as well as the changes to the Settlement process  to work, 
the following rules
must be adhered to when the deal is captured.
1) The fixed price must be entered as leg 1.
2) The float price must be entered as leg 2.
3) Leg 1 and leg 2 must be "linked" by clicking the "Link" button on the deal 
capture
window and by inserting a row as follows:
The "Purpose" above will be listed as "Deal Link" when the picklist 
displays.  The "Link" can be
done from either leg 1 or leg 2.
4) The  confirm can only be created/revised/viewed/printed/faxed  from leg 1.
5) The clearing status of the deal can only be changed from leg 1.
Please note that  any change to the status of either leg will be reflected 
on the other
leg automatically; e.g., assume a confirm is created on leg 1,  the deal 
status of both 
legs will display "Generated".  Then assume someone changes leg 2 in Deal 
Capture,
the status of both legs in TAGG deal clearing will be automatically set to 
"Pending -
Revised after Generated".
"For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20
life. But there was always some
obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished=20
business, time still to be served,=20
or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that=20
these obstacles WERE my "life."
=20
So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for no=20
one 
So stop waiting
until you finish school,
until you go back to school,
until you lose ten pounds,
until you gain ten pounds,
until you have kids,
until your kids leave the house,
until you start work,
until you retire,
until you get married,
until you get divorced,
until Friday night,
until Sunday morning,
until you get a new car or home,
until your car or home is paid off,
until spring,
until summer,
until fall,
until winter,
until you are off welfare,
until the first or fifteenth,
until your song comes on,
until you've had a drink,
until you've sobered up,
until you die,
until you are born again
to decide that there is no better time than=20
right now to be happy=01(
Happiness is a journey, not a=20
destination.
=20
-- Alfred D. Souza
"For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real=20
life. But there was always some
obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished=20
business, time still to be served,=20
or a debt to be paid.  Then life would begin.  At last it dawned on me that=20
these obstacles WERE my "life."
=20
So, treasure every moment that you have...and remember that time waits for no=20
one 
So stop waiting
until you finish school,
until you go back to school,
until you lose ten pounds,
until you gain ten pounds,
until you have kids,
until your kids leave the house,
until you start work,
until you retire,
until you get married,
until you get divorced,
until Friday night,
until Sunday morning,
until you get a new car or home,
until your car or home is paid off,
until spring,
until summer,
until fall,
until winter,
until you are off welfare,
until the first or fifteenth,
until your song comes on,
until you've had a drink,
until you've sobered up,
until you die,
until you are born again
to decide that there is no better time than=20
right now to be happy=01(
Happiness is a journey, not a=20
destination.
=20
-- Alfred D. Souza
Subject: FW: Century's best pictures
- CENTURYBESTPICS_1.DOC
-
- whiptheworker.exe
Sorry for the delayed response, I got really busy Friday afternoon and didn't 
check my email before I left.
Kenneth D'Silva
04/14/2000 03:21 PM
If you're not doing anything Sunday evening, would you like to grab a cup of 
coffee at Empire Cafe??
Susan M Scott
04/14/2000 03:04 PM
Quite good.  They definitely provide a chuckle.
I'm there.
Kenneth D'Silva
04/14/2000 02:59 PM
These are pretty good too > This guy went to the zoo one day. While he was standing in
 front of the gorilla's enclosure, the wind gusted and he got
 some grit in his eye.