______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at  
Thanks for the greeting card.  I am not sure if the guy mooning me meant 
something, but I will take it in a humorous manner 
Remember,  Be strong and confident.
Gerald (G 
Attached is a draft for your review.  Please review and lets discuss any 
comments.
After re-reading the purchase and gathering agreement, I think the 
amendments should work in their present form.  The 2,500 Western gas needs to 
be noted as an exception on Exhibits A of both Agreements.   Exception should 
read "Up to the first 2,500 mmbtu/day of production from the Caballo Area 
shall be delivered to Western.... with ENA  (or EMS as applicable for the 
agreement) receiving all volumes in excess of such 2,500 mmbtu/day.  Any 
decline in the Caballo Area production shall apply ratably between Western's 
2,500 mmbtu/day and ENA's (or EMS as applicable for the agreement) production 
levels."
I got my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
Attached are the latest revisions.  The Compression Admin. Agreement includes 
a clean and redlined version.  Please review.
Thanks for the note.  Hope you and Will have a wonderful Valentines Day.
Sharon Nemec  Blood is thicker than water.
I wish you lots of joy and love.  Be good to yourself.  My thoughts smile
on you today.
Sharon Nemec
snemec@shelton.org
Dan,  Attached is the revised gathering amendment for your review.
Susan,  Attached is a draft of the side letter for regulatory out we 
discussed last week along with the operational control agreement.  Please 
review and let me know if you have any questions.
Forgot to put you on the original distribution.
Attached are the following drafts:
1.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bloomfield)
2.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bisti)
3.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bloomfield)
4.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bisti)
These agreement will all be assigned (after amendment in accordance with the 
above) to the new LLC.
Please review.  We are trying to forward these drafts to the investors on 
Wednesday.  If we could get your (Transwestern's) comments by tommorrow 
afternoon, it would be extremely helpful.  Thanks for your attention to this 
matter
Nice job on the photos.   Really makes me realize how drunk I was at certain 
times.  The good thing is that the "Dude" I met in Joe's and I are now pen 
pals and he will be coming to Houston to visit very soon.  Maybe he was my 
long lost brother.  I am making a phone call to my Mom right now too see if 
she has anything she wants to explain to me.
Steve,  Do you have an executed copy of the Trunkline Confidentiality 
Agreement for the LNG terminal in Lake Charles?  Need to get one for our 
files.  Thanks.
That's not funny!
Cuzin'
Glad that the scabs have fallen off, have any schenkers surfaced?
Tenacious E
Steve -HPL- Schneider
02/08/2000 10:53 AM
Revision:  HPL will operate to the outlet flange of the regulation (not 
separation) equipment as reflected on Jim's drawing that will be Exhibit A.
Steve -HPL- Schneider
02/07/2000 05:40 PM
I have talked to Dan McWhirter with CPS and the agreement needs to altered to 
reflect the following, as needed.  HPL will construct a tap, tap valve, 
riser, and check valve off the South Texas 30" JV pipeline, with EFM and 
SCADA equipment on the meter facilities.  We will own, operate and maintain 
such facilities , but will be reimbursed (with IRS tax gross-up) by CPS Ownership will break at the outlet flange of the check valve, plus the EFM 
and SCADA equipment.  CPS will construct and own the remainder of the 
facilities installed, such facilities to the outlet flange of the separation 
facilities (including tank and secondary containment)  being installed to 
HPL's specs.  HPL will operate and maintain these facilities.  Our EFM will 
be custody transfer, with their EFM being check measurement.  Such facilities 
are to be installed so that HPL remotely controls the volume flow through the 
meter.  All maintenance costs on this sector will be paid by HPL and 
reimbursed by CPS upon invoice.  Any maintenance expenditure over $3,000 per 
event will require pre-notification to CPS.  All other facilities downstream 
of separation with be constructed, owned, operated and maintained by CPS.  As 
compensation for handling the separation facilities and liquids recovered, 
CPS pre-transfers ownership and title to such recovered liquids to HPL and 
warrants title to HPL.  Jim Haden will provide a revised Exhibit A depicting 
the facilities and the ownership break point.  Jim, you need to review and 
approve the facilities to be installed above to our specifications, as 
required.  If you have any questions, please call.
It is all about drinking with you isn't it?  You need to get a grip.   I will 
have to pass on the Rudz Suds as I will be dining at one of Houston's finer 
eateries with captains of industry tonight.  However, Eric and I were kicking 
around a possible road trip to the beautiful island of Galveston this 
weekend.  Saturday or Sunday? Think that nice friend of yours, Willis, might 
be interested? 
Please respond appropriately with your level of interest!  Just to anticipate 
the tone of your response, I will go ahead and call you a "Smart Ass" right 
now 
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/17/2000 10:52:13 AM
Date: February 17, 2000
OUT!
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at  
It is showing up on my computer and seems to be working.
Upon reading the e:mail message shown below, I immediatedly went to 
Start/Programs/Infobasis and I found no WINFASTER application.  The 
applications that were available were Croporate Workbook 3.0c & 4.1, 
Disclosure, Enron Corporate Datasheets, Gas and Power Daily Web Page and 
Phone Book.
Given that I requested and Joya Davis processed the request for the FASTR 
Database for me, Gerald Nemec and Shonnie Daniel in early January, it is 
really a shame that so many people's time has been wasted with this matter 
Please figure out why the program is not showing up on my computer.  Is it 
showing up on Gerald's and Shonnie's?
Felix Buitron
02/16/2000 11:31 AM
FYI
Information Risk Management
02/16/2000 08:14 AM
Hello Felix,
Just following up regarding FASTR ,    I spoke with Kevin Hopper and he said 
that the WINFASTR is the application he is looking for.
it is under Start / Programs / Infobasis.   He is in the group.
Thanks !
Sandra Hart 
Information Risk Management
RFP,   I had a good time also.  The bands were interesting though.  I bet 
that dude in the helmet sweated his ass off during the performance 
The date was actually  her call.  We are meeting some of her friends out for 
dinner and drinks and then some sweet sweet love.  Seriously, this girl is 
cool and a lot of fun.  Should be a good time.  Of course I am assuming that 
the date is still on.  In my clear thinking state last night when I left Rudz 
(a la 1 pm) I called her and woke her up.   I really have no idea what I said 
to her.  She may not be speaking to me anymore.
What was with Willis last night?  No show!
Let's circle the wagons this afternoon to discuss Galveston.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/18/2000 07:48:55 AM
Date: February 18, 2000
Thanks for coming out last night--funny how that sentence could be miss
interpreted.  Seriously though, folks, it was pretty fun even though the
bands were less that par.  We need to do more hanging out, especially now
that Eric won't let us have sex with his wife.  I'm looking forward to some
jams and a trip back down to the Gulf this weekend.  Good luck on the
date--what's the plans?
Audi 5, G.
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
I'm sorry.  Eric and I aren't speaking at the moment due to creative 
differences.  I want only the orange M&M's removed from our dressing room and 
he wants only the brown ones removed.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/18/2000 09:05:55 AM
Date: February 18, 2000
Thanks,
Ryan Ruppert
Rhythm Guitarist
The Band With No Name
Attached is Exhibit C to the Gallup O&M Agreement.  The original document 
left this Exhibit to follow later.   We also still owe you Exhibit B 
(Description of Compressor Motor Facilities) to the O&M Agreement and Exhibit 
B to the CSA (Proposed form of No. 21 Schedule).  These will follow shortly.
Attached for your review is the letter agreement which locks in the Gas 
Conversion Agreement pricing. 
Just received this.
On the Sofregaz Agreement, I changed the Excess Umbrella Liability Insurance 
coverage to a $10,000,000 amount.  This was noted in a letter to Normand 
Grenier, Sofregaz's Attorney, and they had no objections to this.  I forgot 
to change this amount on the contract I sent for internal review, but it was 
changed on the contract that I sent to Sofregaz for execution.  Please find 
attached a copy of the final document I sent for execution showing the 
$10,000,000 excess liability amount.
Renee
x67281
(See attached file: sofragas-rv2.doc)
- sofragas-rv2.doc
Jaime,  Attached is a firm sales agreement form which ECT utilizes in  North 
America.  A lot of the form may not be relevant given the fact that (i) Pemex 
is both the seller and transporter and (ii)  unless you are near the border, 
there are no alternative sources to Pemex.  However, it is a good starting 
point.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available.  I think our dive 
captain is checking availability.  Of course our dive captain is also 
hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark.  I told him that with 
a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing.
Let us know what your schedule is.  See if we can't hook up Thursday or 
Friday for lunch.  I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/23/2000 09:54:03 AM
Date: February 23, 2000
Sorry about the mix up on lunch yesterday.  Let me know if you want to try
again.
OUT
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
True.  Especially after I cut E's fat plump rump roast with my dive knife to 
chum the waters a little.  Let's shoot for Friday for lunch.  Maybe I go back 
to work after that or maybe I don't.  No other three Czech brothers can 
cruise so successfully in tight slacks!
Things are going well with little Cynthia.  She is really fun and easy to 
talk to.  I am not sure what my intentions are right now but we enjoy each 
others company. 
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/23/2000 01:34:52 PM
Date: February 23, 2000
As for lunch, I'd like to get together although we break for lunch around 11
over here and that's more like breakfast for you fat-cat lawyer-types.  I'm
down here all week, so let me know if you want to try for something.  Maybe
Friday would be fun?  I'd have a lot more flexibility in my schedule on that
day.
Looks like Saturday is "pay your friend-dues day" at the Gillaspie Ranch.
Seems like all I do is move his ass.  All I know is that he better keep us
well hydrated.
Anywho, what's up with you and the little lady?  She seemed really together.
Hope things are progressing well--if that's your intentions.
Audi 5000,
Ryan
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available.  I think our dive
captain is checking availability.  Of course our dive captain is also
hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark.  I told him that
with a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing.
Let us know what your schedule is.  See if we can't hook up Thursday or
Friday for lunch.  I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/23/2000 09:54:03 AM
Date: February 23, 2000
Hey you hosers, what's up with swimming with the fishys?  Are we going to
check out those hammerheads or what?
Sorry about the mix up on lunch yesterday.  Let me know if you want to try
again.
OUT
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
Stephanie,  Could you please add me to the distribution list for these types 
of meetings.  Thanks.
Nora Dobin@
02/23/2000 03:53 PM
Further to my earlier e-mail, attached is updated information for meeting on 
accounting issues.   , NJD
The conference call to discuss cash flows is tomorrow (Thursday) at 9 am 
Houston time.
The call-in number is 1 800 649 2862 for domestic and 847 413 3751 for 
international.
The conference number is 2073064.
People in Houston, we have reserved conf room EB 2868.
At 10 am we will have a meeting to discuss accounting issues.  Also in EB2868
Tracy 
Thanks for the pictures.  Cute kid.  Frank does look like you.  I need to 
come by and see Frank in person.  Sorry that I have been out of the loop for 
some time but sometimes life is weird 
I am sure Tom told you that Lisa and I are getting divorced.  It is still 
hard for me to comprehend this, but all I can do is continue to move forward 
with my life.  Anyway,   guys soon sometime and keep sending 
pictures 
Gerald
Hey Gerald!? I thought you may like to see  some pictures of Frank and 
Madeline.? I got one that looks like my side of  the family this time ?
Tracy
?
?
- Happy Baby.jpg
- Baby Brother.jpg
Yes I am!  Let me know what time you are available and where you are this 
week and I will pick an appropriate location.   G$ and Nacious E are 
available.
You need a nickname too.  Let's ponder this one and submit ideas.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/24/2000 09:13:20 AM
Date: February 24, 2000
Let's do lunch on Friday.  Pick a spot and we'll lock it down.
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
True.  Especially after I cut E's fat plump rump roast with my dive knife
to chum the waters a little.  Let's shoot for Friday for lunch.  Maybe I go
back to work after that or maybe I don't.  No other three Czech brothers
can cruise so successfully in tight slacks!
Things are going well with little Cynthia.  She is really fun and easy to
talk to.  I am not sure what my intentions are right now but we enjoy each
others company.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/23/2000 01:34:52 PM
Date: February 23, 2000
I too, am somewhat hesitant about those large toothed critters, although
I'm
sure they'd much rather chomp into Eric's ass-steak rather than my boney
carcass.  I figure if everyone else does it why shouldn't we?
As for lunch, I'd like to get together although we break for lunch around
11
over here and that's more like breakfast for you fat-cat lawyer-types.  I'm
down here all week, so let me know if you want to try for something.  Maybe
Friday would be fun?  I'd have a lot more flexibility in my schedule on
that
day.
Looks like Saturday is "pay your friend-dues day" at the Gillaspie Ranch.
Seems like all I do is move his ass.  All I know is that he better keep us
well hydrated.
Anywho, what's up with you and the little lady?  She seemed really
together.
Hope things are progressing well--if that's your intentions.
Audi 5000,
Ryan
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available.  I think our dive
captain is checking availability.  Of course our dive captain is also
hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark.  I told him that
with a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing.
Let us know what your schedule is.  See if we can't hook up Thursday or
Friday for lunch.  I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 02/23/2000 09:54:03 AM
Date: February 23, 2000
Hey you hosers, what's up with swimming with the fishys?  Are we going to
check out those hammerheads or what?
Sorry about the mix up on lunch yesterday.  Let me know if you want to try
again.
OUT
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
Let's plan on meeting at the Original Tila's (not Teala's) on Kirby right 
where the road curves before it heads down to Allen Parkway.  Around 11:45 am?
As far as nicknames go:
Punchy 
RyDog
Steel Nipple
Cherry Vodka
The Ambassador
Sling (you will sing all our Police cover tunes)
R-Bomb
Ruppert,  If you there, call me at work immediately.  713-853-3512.
Mark,  Attached is a draft of the power agreement with my changes redlined 
in.  I still have a few more, but wanted to get the majority of these to you 
asap.  Targeting Monday to forward to CDEC.
Everything is going well.  Sorry I haven't gotten back to you, but I have 
been really busy at work and with other things.  I will give a call when I 
get a chance.
Hi Gerald,           How are things going. Fine I hope we are all O.K. I
called the other night and left a message just wanted to talk voice mail for
a  change.!!!!!!!! Have been busy working in the yard. Had to trim all the
shrubs and get rid of all the dead plants.    So what have you been doing.
Anything new going on with you. James started planting this week. He is
trying to get that moisture before it drys out.  We didn't get  any rain
today again.  Starting to look bad.  I'm keeping Jenna and Jake tomorrow.
Janice has a doctors appoitment. Nothing serous just a follow up. Got ashort
email from Paul yesterday he's doing o.k...........Well all for now Dad and
I send our love....Bye for now.
Love...MOM
Attached is a clean and redline version with my changes.  I made a few 
further refinements to the agreement.  I think it would be a good idea to 
walk CDEC through these changes as a lot of these are form not substance.
Attached is a draft of the Contractor Protocols which work with the services 
agreements of Hanover Measurement Services Company (Stone Entity) which were 
circulated by Mary Cook last week.  Please review in conjunction with the 
services agreements and provide comments
.
Mark,  Please disregard the prior versions and review this one.  This 
includes Section 1.4 which requires CDEC to provide us access with the load 
projection systems that are in place.
FYI  
Rodney Rogers@
02/28/2000 10:05 AM
Please find attached the cost estimate for the subject project.  In addition, 
please find out from the deal maker the correct Income Tax Gross-Up Charge I will include the Income Tax Gross-Up charge in the total cost on the Work 
Order Authorization as soon as you let me know the percentage.  If you have 
any questions, please feel free to drop by.
Thanks,
Rodney
Jeff Gilliam@
02/14/2000 01:22 PM
Gerald,
Please review the attached list below for an existing MSA contract.  Also, 
please establish an MSA contract with each contractor that does not already 
have one.  The list below does contain a contact number and name as well as 
the company's full name and address.
Thanks for your assistance!
Jeff Gilliam
Ken Kimminau  Jeff;
Here's the bidders list as it stands now.  We have contacted the bidders
listed and confirmed the name and address for each.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Ken
- RFQ Address LIst.xls
Janet,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality 
Agreement (Trunkline) with the revisions we discussed.  Please review.  Bobby 
Gaspard with Trunkline, asked that I forward the revised draft via email and 
after their review an executable.  Please forward to Bobby for his review at 
bjgaspard@cmsenergy.com if you are okay with this draft.
Looks like we got another one.  Sounds like we duplicate the agreement we 
create for Ginger and use for this interconnect.  Let's discuss when we get a 
chance.
Cheryl Lantz Marshall on 03/01/2000 09:48:59 AM
Hello!  I have been told that you are the interconnect guru.  I think I 
called you a couple of weeks ago with a warning on this one.  What 
information do you need from me to get started on an interconnect agreement 
with Tejas?  The purpose of this interconnect is to deliver 2-3 days of gas 
while we lower the line that feeds the city of Kingsville.  In addition, we 
will keep the interconnect in place as back-up to the city.  Please read the 
attached memo for additional details.  Please note that we would like to have 
this project completed within 3 weeks.
Kenneth W Kaase on 02/29/2000 09:36:42 AM
Per Billy Sheilds at Tejas, the cost for a 3" meter and tap is $ 27,000. The 
estimate does not
include separation, regulation or site with fencing which Tejas is expecting 
HPL to provide.
To proceed, the field people need to meet and agree upon the details, and a 
contract needs
to be entered into for all gas delivered from Tejas to HPL at this point. All 
cost incurred for
the meter installation is reimbursable to Tejas.
Well it looks like Eric is now officially burden with an oppressive 
mortgage.  Won't be long before he is out mowing the lawn in Bermuda short 
and sandals with black socks.  Eventually all the good ones go down 
What up with you, JT?
G$
Jeff,  Attached is the form with some modifications.  Please see that this is 
the form utilized for all releases in the future.  Please call me if you have 
any questions.  (713) 853-3512
Attached is a clean and redlined version the agreement with our revisions.
Ken,  This is the complete document.  The schedule are attached to it.
Stephanie,  I forwarded a hard copy of the operational control letter 
yesterday.  Let me know if you don't have it.  Attached is the price letter.
There is no formal contract in place between TW and EE&CC for the 
construction.  Both TW and ECS as I understand, have signed AFE's with EE&CC 
for the projects.  We will most likely have to address this risk in the 
Contribution Agreement.  I will talk with Mark and Mark about this.
PPA- we are expecting comments back from CDEC late today.  Schedule is now to 
review their comments and meet with them Tuesday (via phone or in person) to 
finalize.  We can likely get Patti a copy after Tuesday.
Contribution Agreement - Pending resolution of the construction risk issues, 
we can have a draft for Patti early next week.
Here they are.
Mary Cook
06/08/99 04:20 PM
Attached are the following documents for initial review.  The services 
agreement (rockmsa-mastermac.) is between HPLC and Meter Aquisition, and the 
services agreement (rockmsa-stone.) is between Meter Aquisition and Hanover 
Measurement Services Company (our Stone entity 
Also attached is a revised distribution list.  Please call Pat Radford at 
853-9282 with additional addresses or phone numbers or corrections to the 
list 
I will be out of the office from June 14 to July 4.  In my absence coordinate 
related matters with Barbara Gray and Lance Schuler.
TW has the final draft, since they prepared the document.  I have asked for 
it via email.  As soon as I receive I will forward.  Thanks.
Enron Global Finance
Could you send me the Operational Control Agreement by e-mail also?
Thanks,
Steph
Gerald Nemec
03/02/2000 01:57 PM
Stephanie,  I forwarded a hard copy of the operational control letter 
yesterday.  Let me know if you don't have it.  Attached is the price letter.
There is no formal contract in place between TW and EE&CC for the 
construction.  Both TW and ECS as I understand, have signed AFE's with EE&CC 
for the projects.  We will most likely have to address this risk in the 
Contribution Agreement.  I will talk with Mark and Mark about this.
PPA- we are expecting comments back from CDEC late today.  Schedule is now to 
review their comments and meet with them Tuesday (via phone or in person) to 
finalize.  We can likely get Patti a copy after Tuesday.
Contribution Agreement - Pending resolution of the construction risk issues, 
we can have a draft for Patti early next week.
Here it is.
Pursuant to your request.
See attached and let me know if you have any questions.
I have directed my boy Eric to do some research and he came up with the 
following.  Attendance at one or both shows is a possibility.  Interested?
FYI:
BUZZFEST: (April 15th, Cynthia Woods Pavilion, Tix on sale this Saturday at 
10:00 a.m.
THIRD EYE BLIND
LIT
TONIC
THE FLY's
OLEANDER
STROKE 9 ("Little Black Back-pack" song)
OWLSLEY
STIR
PETER SEARCY
KRBE/ENRON EARTH DAY LINE-UP (April 1st) Tickets are now on sale, Buffalo 
Bayou Park
Vertical Horizon
11:15 - Noon
Edwin McCain
12:30 - 1:15pm
Dido
1:45pm - 2:30pm
Smash Mouth
3:00pm - 3:45pm
Goo Goo Dolls
4:15pm - 5:15pm
Train
6:00pm - 7:00pm
Bob,  Please review the attached scope of work from Jeff Gilliam.  He wants 
to prepare a Work Offer under the Moutain West MSA with the attached.  Please 
review and lets discuss if you have questions.
Jeff Gilliam@
03/06/2000 01:02 PM
Gerald,
I forgot to add some information.  Please see new attachment!
Jeff Gilliam
Rodney Rogers@
03/06/2000 01:05 PM
Lauri,
As directed in your phone mail message on Friday, 3/3, I have included the 
Income Tax Gross-Up Charge of 35% on the cost estimate for the subject 
temporary meter and regulator station.  The cost estimate is as follows:
Materials= $20,005.20 (includes freight & tax)
Construction Support= $1,280.00 
District Labor= $0.00
Engineering= $2,175.00
Contract Installation= $7,460.00
Environmental= $0.00
Right of Way= $0.00
Gas Loss= $0.00
As-Builts= $618.40
Contingencies= $942.94
Overhead= $4,100.02
AFUDC= $190.40
TOTAL ESTIMATED COST= $49,642.14
For details regarding the cost estimate, please refer back to the previously 
submitted project cost estimate dated 2/28/2000.  This cost estimate includes 
everything but the Income Tax Gross-Up Charge ($12,870.19).  I have the work 
order authorization ready for approval routing.  Please let me know how you 
want to proceed.  If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me 
at 713-853-5470 or drop by my office (EB 3523).
Thanks,
Rodney Rogers
Pat, 
Please use the distribution on the attached email for the meeting notice.  In 
the meeting notice please remind attendees to bring the action items we 
discussed at the previous meeting summary forwarded earlier.
Please see the attached summary of the interruptible transport contracting 
process kick-off meeting held on 2/24/00.
Thank you,
Eric Gillaspie
x5-7667
GT,   What's up?  Got that house in order yet?  Keeps you busy doesn't it Hope everything is going well.
I and the redfaced Eric are thinking about a road trip to Austin on the 
weekend of March 18th.  A band we really want to check out (Tenacious D) is 
playing at La Zona Rosa on Sat. the 18th.  Are you going to be around that 
weekend?  We have confirmation via some web site that Tenacious D will be 
there, but have tried calling La Zona Rosa about tix with no success.  Do you 
know anything about this place?  Are the concerts usually walk up tix sales?
Let me know what your schedule looks like.   Oh yeah, Eric's wife Jennifer 
will probably accompany him to Austin.  Eric couldn't get a hall pass for the 
weekend.
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the agreement with my changes 
after discussion with Dick Shirley and Fred Lackey this morning.  I will also 
fax a copy to them.
Sure.  Let me know when and where.
Hi - Would you like to have dinner next week?  Maybe Thursday?  It's Chris' 
spring break and I told her I'd help her start packing since she moves out at 
the end of the month.  She'll be leaving Thursday afternoon to go to work so 
I won't be needing to help her Thursday night.  Just let me know if you are 
interested.
Lisa
Paul,  I am still here.  Where the heck are you?  I guess you are back in the 
States by now.  What are you guy's up to?  How many kids do you have now?
As for Lisa and I, we are still DINKs (Double Income No Kids) in Houston.  I 
am officially an attorney now working in the corporate legal department of 
I still keep up with George and Ernie occasionally.  George still lives in 
Austin and is single.  I visit him a couple of times a year.  You wouldn't 
believe it.  He still has the same furniture in his apartment that he had in 
college.  Kind of like stepping into a time warp.  Ernie just finished 
getting his MBA at UT this spring.  He will be working in San Antonio for 
Frito Lay (no doubt designing a chip that won't break when you dip it).  He 
now has a little girl with another kid on the way.  I think due sometime this 
summer.  He has really changed since undergrad.  A responsible young man now.
How are Mom and Pop Bieraugel doing? (Is the Big 10 going to take it in the 
shorts this year?)  Are they still in the Washington area?  Lisa had talked 
to your mom about a year ago when she was trying to track you down for my 
graduation party.  Sounded like all was well in the Bieraugel household.  I 
think she said John was in Alaska?
Anyway, drop me a note when you get a chance.  It is really great to hear 
from you again.  We need to keep in touch.
Gerald, 
That sounds fine 
I haven't recieved any further mail for you from Shell.  I think you said 
there should be more coming.
How about meeting for happy hour at State Bar after work around 6, we can 
play the rest by ear 
Gerald Nemec
03/07/2000 04:19 PM
Sure.  Let me know when and where.
Hi - Would you like to have dinner next week?  Maybe Thursday?  It's Chris' 
spring break and I told her I'd help her start packing since she moves out at 
the end of the month.  She'll be leaving Thursday afternoon to go to work so 
I won't be needing to help her Thursday night.  Just let me know if you are 
interested.
Lisa
Attached is the EnergyShare 2000 Agreement with my revisions included Included is both a clean and redlined version.  I did not review in detail 
the payment calculation methodology.  I will leave this to Mark Courtney and 
John Scarborough for their review.  Please feel free to call me at (713) 
853-3512 if you have any questions or wish to discuss my revisions.
Kay,  Please review the attached.  Thanks for your help.
Attached is the letter agreement which extended the EE&CC confidentiality 
agreement to our deal.  Please review and if it looks OK, print out on ENA 
letterhead two copies for execution.  I will need an original when it is 
executed.
GT,  Sounds like things are going well.  Can't wait to check out the house 
and Heather.  As for myself, I have been hanging out with Cynthia.  Met her 
through a friend.  I guess we are dating.  Not to anxious to stay with one 
girl at this point 
I'll let you know more early next week about the road trip.  Take care 
You wouldn't happen to know someone who could get us cheap South by 
Southwest passes.  We think we will need those passes to see Tenacious D.
G$
Gerald,
How are you buddy? Good to here from you. I will have room for you on the
18th but my nephew will be staying at my house and maybe my mom and neice
too so Eric really needs to get a hotel room. The couch is waiting for you
dude. I only have dinner plans for the 18th. There is a Mardi Gras party to
go to on the 17th thrown by the No Le Hace bunch. Let me know if you are
coming into town.
Are you dating anyone? I am dating a young thing named Heather. She is
really cool.
The house is looking good. They are doing brick work on the front as we
speak.
Hope to here from you.
GT
Here are their comments.  I will review over the weekend and lets plan on 
discussing Monday morning.
Shawnda Wade  Sent by: "Shawnda Wade"  Dick Shirley asked that I email this to you and confirm your meeting with
CDEC and Plains on Tuesday, March 14th, here at Plains.  Please call me at
(505) 889-7318 if you have any problems with this attachment.
- march 10 2000 version enron cdec.doc
Attached is the revised scope of work for use with the Mt. West Work Offer.
Hello!   Hope your day is going well.  As for me, it has been pretty busy Dropped my tux off at lunch and it only took about 2 seconds.  I know you 
were looking forward to going with me to drop that off, but you missed out 
I had a great time this weekend.  Thanks again for accompanying me to the UH 
affair extraordinair.  Nice dress!!  Have a great rest of the day and I will 
talk to you later.
G$
Attached is the form of CA.  Set up as a bilateral for asset deals 
primarily.  Easily adjusted to suit your needs though.
If Men TRULY Ran The World 
1.  Breaking up would be a lot easier. A smack to the ass and a
"Nice hustle, you'll get'em next time" would pretty much do it.
2.  Birth control would come in ale or lager.
3.  Valentine's Day would be moved to February 29th so it would
only occur in leap years.
4.  On Groundhog Day, if you saw your shadow, you'd get the day
off to go drinking. Mother's Day too.
5.  St. Patrick's Day, however, would remain exactly the same.
But it would be celebrated every month.
6.  Garbage would take itself out.
7.  Regis and Kathie Lee would be chained to a cement mixer and
pushed off the Golden Gate Bridge for the most lucrative pay-per-view event
in world history.
8.  The only show opposite "Monday Night Football" would be
"Monday Night Football from a Different Camera Angle."
9.  Instead of "beer-belly," you'd get "beer-biceps."
10. Tanks would be far easier to rent.
11. Two words..."Ally McNaked."
12. When a cop gave you a ticket, every smart-aleck answer you
responded with would actually reduce your fine. As in: Cop: "You know how
fast you were going?"   You: "All I know is, I was spilling my beer all
over the place."  Cop: "Nice one, That's $10.00 off".
13. People would never talk about how fresh they felt.
14. Daisy Duke shorts would never go out of style again.
15. Every man would get four, real Get Out of Jail Free cards
per year.
16. Telephones would cut off after 30 seconds of conversation.
17. It would perfectly legal to steal a sports car, as long as
you returned it the following day with a full tank of gas.
18. Instead of a fancy, expensive engagement ring, you could
present your wife-to-be with a giant foam hand that said "You're #1 
19. When your girlfriend really needed to talk to you during
the game, she'd appear in a little box in the corner of the screen during
a time-out.
20. Nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed as an
acceptable response to "I love you."
21. The funniest guy in the office would get to be CEO.
22. "Sorry I'm late, but I got wasted last night," would be an
acceptable excuse for tardiness.
23. At the end of the workday a whistle would blow and you
would jump out of your window and slide down the tail of a brontosaurus and
right into your car like Fred Flintstone.
24. Lifeguards could remove citizens from beaches for violating
the "public ugliness" ordinance.
25. Hallmark would make "Sorry, what was your name again?"
cards.
Steve,  We are currently negotiating an interconnect agreement for an upgrade 
of an existing interconnect off the Trawick System into TUFCO.  The 
interconnect is solely a delivery to TUFCO.  We are down to one point of 
difference in the agreement 
Typically HPL disclaims any liability for consequential damages to the other 
party.  TUFCO is asking for an exception for any violation of gas quality 
specifications.  This would mean that if HPL delivered off spec gas to TUFCO 
which required cleanup of their pipeline system or caused damage to a 
customer of TUFCO's HPL would be liable under this Agreement 
From a legal standpoint, we can make this exception, but I wanted to make 
sure everyone understood and agreed with the acceptance of this potential 
liability.  Assuming we are properly monitoring all our receipts there 
shouldn't be an issue. 
Please let me know what you think about this situation.  I can forward a copy 
of the interconnect agreement if you do not currently have one 
Attached is the final version of the Bammel Compression Turnkey Construction 
Agreement used in Project Looper.  This agreement will require some 
modification for use in Project Coca-Cola, but is a good starting point.  In 
the interest of efficiency I am circulating this for your review and 
comments.  We can then discuss how this needs to be tailored for the CO2 
project.  Please note the following with respect to this agreement:
1.  A detailed engineering scope of work will be required for the treaters.
2.  Given the financing objectives for this project, this agreement should 
be as lump sum price as possible with liquidated damages for in-service 
date        risk.
3.    A performance criteria guarantee section will need to be added which 
references specific plant peformance criteria in the scope of work. 
FYI, I will be in Albuquerque tommorrow for a Compression Services project After your review let's discuss.
Mark,  The letter with my comments incorporated.
David,  Attached is a short term sheet agreement that I propose we put into 
place for the Gallup electric driver which EECC is installing for Enron 
Compression Services Company.  As I understand it now, we have only an AFE 
with signature for this deal in place.   As I indicated on my voice mail, I 
need something more substantial in place for assignment, since we are selling 
a portion of this project off to investors.  Please review and lets discuss Timing unfortunately is not long as usual.  I would like to meet as soons as 
your schedule allows.  Thanks.
Gerald.Nemec@
Yeah,  LSU almost lost though.  Should be interesting.  I think the SEC in 
general is a little overrated after the Kentucky and LSU games
Bruce Rudy@MUNICATIONS
03/16/2000 05:15 PM
G$-
Hey bro, looks like we got LSU next.
Hey, what is your email address?  The one you give to somebody outside of 
Enron.
Bruce
Attached is the assignment and contribution agreement for your review.  I 
would like to get your feedback prior to wide circulation. 
Note:  We are still working with EE&CC to put a basic construction agreement 
in place for assignment to the LLC.  ECS retains payment obligation under the 
construction agreement even after assignment into the LLC.  Thanks for your 
help.
FYI,  The issue we discussed this morning.
Nora Dobin@
03/17/2000 01:05 PM
The Kachina LLC agreement is being amended and restated to accomplish Gallup 
transactions as part of existing Kachina LLC.  The existing Kachina LLC 
agreement currently does not contain a provision giving non-Enron equity 
holders a right to remove the Managing Member with or without cause but does 
give these holders numerous veto rights over actions proposed by the Managing 
Member.  Notwithstanding these veto rights, AA seemed to indicate during our 
meeting earlier this week a desire to include a removal provision 
Please consider the following:
Given use of existing Kachina structure, do we do need to include removal 
provision as part of amendment and restatement of Kachina LLC or can we table 
this issue for now? 
If we do need to include a removal provision, attached is some proposed 
language which (i) gives non-Enron equity interests right to remove Managing 
Member at any time with or without cause, (ii) requires simultaneous 
appointment of another Member as Managing Member, and (iii) if removal is of 
initial Managing Member (i.e., Enron entity), then initial Managing Member 
has option to cause dissolution of LLC 
Thanks, NJD
David,  Attached is the agreement with the revisions we discussed.  Please 
review.  I tried to redline againt the previous version, but any section that 
I modified displayed as an entire rewrite of the section.  Maybe you will 
have better luck redlining.  Please call with any questions.  X 33512.
Got the redline to work.  Attached is the redlined version of the 
construction agreement.
I reviewed these changes and they look fine.  Please prepare the 
executables.  Thanks.
Gerald and Eric,
Attached is a redline of the Interconnect Agreement.  I have also included a 
letter that I want to send with the revised contract.  I have committed to 
respond early in the week of March 20th.  I will be out, but if you have any 
questions, please contact Ned Higgins.
Thanks, 
Greg Brazaitis
Gerald Nemec
03/20/2000 06:06 PM
I don't know if you have been keeping up with the recruiting info but Mack 
has committments from 4 blue chippers already.  One of them is the top LB in 
Arizona.  He is working his magic again this year.
Attached for your review in the Gallup Transaction are the following 
documents:
1.  Assignment and Contribution Agreement - Assignment operational documents 
and rights in assets from ECS into the LLC 
2.  Engineering, Procurement, and Construction Agreement -  Defines 
relationship between ECS and Enron Engineering and Construction   Company for 
installation of the motor driver at Gallup.  This document will be assigned 
into the LLC except for that portion which relates to the electric power  
transmission line.  The utility will take ownership of the transmission line 
per the power purchase agreement.
Also forwarded via hard copy yesterday, was the executed Power Purchase 
Agreement.  Please let me know if you have not received this yet 
I will shortly email the form of gas purchase agreement between the LLC and 
ECS.  This will merely be a new Confirm (Transaction Agreement "C") which 
will operate under the existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement 
between ECS and the LLC which was created for Kachina.
Gerald Nemec
03/22/2000 11:05 AM
Attached for your review in the Gallup Transaction are the following 
documents:
1.  Assignment and Contribution Agreement - Assignment operational documents 
and rights in assets from ECS into the LLC 
2.  Engineering, Procurement, and Construction Agreement -  Defines 
relationship between ECS and Enron Engineering and Construction   Company for 
installation of the motor driver at Gallup.  This document will be assigned 
into the LLC except for that portion which relates to the electric power  
transmission line.  The utility will take ownership of the transmission line 
per the power purchase agreement.
Also forwarded via hard copy yesterday, was the executed Power Purchase 
Agreement.  Please let me know if you have not received this yet 
I will shortly email the form of gas purchase agreement between the LLC and 
ECS.  This will merely be a new Confirm (Transaction Agreement "C") which 
will operate under the existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement 
between ECS and the LLC which was created for Kachina.
Henry,  I will resend a copy of the PPA 
Gerald,
Please use hbinder instead of hbender in any e-mails you send to me Concerning the PPA, I did receive it but there was a line missing in the 
middle of each page--looks like a copier problem.
Henry Binder
>> "Gerald Nemec Gerald Nemec
03/22/2000 11:05 AM
Attached for your review in the Gallup Transaction are the following 
documents:
1.  Assignment and Contribution Agreement - Assignment operational
documents and rights in assets from ECS into the LLC
2.  Engineering, Procurement, and Construction Agreement -  Defines
relationship between ECS and Enron Engineering and Construction        Company
for installation of the motor driver at Gallup.  This document will be 
assigned
into the LLC except for that portion which relates to the electric power
transmission line.  The utility will take ownership of the transmission line 
per
the power purchase agreement.
Also forwarded via hard copy yesterday, was the executed Power Purchase
Agreement.  Please let me know if you have not received this yet.
I will shortly email the form of gas purchase agreement between the LLC and 
ECS.
This will merely be a new Confirm (Transaction Agreement "C") which will 
operate
under the existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS and the
LLC which was created for Kachina.
(See attached file: Contribution Agreement2.DOC)(See attached file: Gallup
Construction1.doc)
Hi Katie,   Looks like you got the address right.  I too enjoyed talking with 
you last night.  I know you were disappointed to be distracted from your 
research project for a while 
Its been a busy week so far.  The end of the yearly quarter always is.  Last 
minute deals have to be closed to book the income.  At this time of year the 
commercial dealmakers get that wild eyed looked which says "I have got to get 
this project done or I am out of here".  March 31 can't arrive soon enough 
Got any big plans for the weekend?  Hanging out at the Dixie Chicken or is 
that only where rookies hang out 
Take care and I'll talk to you later.
Gerald  
Katie McMahon  Hey Gerald,
Just checking to see if I got your address right.  I enjoyed talking
with you last night.  Have a great week 
Katie
How are things going?  Haven't talked to you in a while.  As for me, I am 
fine.  Work is pretty busy right now.  We are at the end of the quarter and 
have to get certain deals closed before March 31, so it can get hectic.
My roommate will be leaving shortly.  He got a job opportunity with his 
family in North Carolina, so he will be moving.  Didn't last very long, but I 
knew that was a possibility when he moved in 
Are you guys getting into the wedding planning mode now with Sharon.  It 
should really be a beautiful wedding up in Estes Park.  Very nice mountain 
scenery 
Take care and I will talk with you later.
Gerald.
How are things going?  Haven't talked to you in a while.  As for me, I am 
fine.  Work is pretty busy right now.  We are at the end of the quarter and 
have to get certain deals closed before March 31, so it can get hectic.
My roommate will be leaving shortly.  He got a job opportunity with his 
family in North Carolina, so he will be moving.  Didn't last very long, but I 
knew that was a possibility when he moved in 
Are you guys getting into the wedding planning mode now with Sharon.  It 
should really be a beautiful wedding up in Estes Park.  Very nice mountain 
scenery 
Take care and I will talk with you later.
Gerald.
Gentlemen, Yes that means you, Eric.  Please review the attached and give me 
any comments before I distribute to the group.
Amy,  I revised a few things in the agreement.  Should be ready to go.
Susan, Attached is the text I am forwarding to the investors.  Please let me 
know if you have any comments.  Thanks for your help.
I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and 
have the following points;
1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at 
2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of 
penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of 
Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address 
this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware 
of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in 
place to accomplish control for TW.
3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that 
the petition for rehearing does effect the status of the certificate Construction is moving ahead and the anticipated start date is May 1 
I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as 
soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 
853-3512. 
Heather, 
I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and 
have the following points;
1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS in 
the filings for the certification of the Kachina units.  FERC simply didn't 
ask any further questions in that proceeding.  The Operation & Maintenance 
Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same 
tasks as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup.  TW feels the O&M 
agreements would be adequate to address any concerns about TW's regulatory 
responsibility over the compressor facilities.  The Operational Control 
agreement was put into place in the Gallup Transaction because it was thought 
to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than provide 
them with the Gallup O&M Agreement which might unecessarily complicate the 
certification process at that time.
2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of 
penalty or discontinue the Compression Service due to TW's operation of 
Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address 
this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware 
of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in 
place to accomplish control for TW.
3.  I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c) of the NGA which indicates that 
the petition for rehearing does not effect the status of the certificate Construction is moving ahead and the targeted start date is May 1 
I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as 
soon as I recieve it.  Let me know if you have any further questions (713) 
853-3512. 
Attached are the following documents with slight changes and all the numbers 
input:
1.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bloomfield)
2.  Amendment to Compressor Services Agreement (Bisti)
3.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bloomfield)
4.  Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Bisti)
Please disregard the previous versions and focus on these.   Also attached 
are two side letter agreements which specify the net book value for the 
Compressor Motor Buyout provisions (in the event of termination) under the 
Compressor Services Agreements
5.  Net Book Value Letter for Bloomfield
6.  Net Book Value Letter for Bisti
Again,  the plan is to have ECT and TW execute these documents and then 
assign all of these along with the agreements they amend and the power 
contracts to the ECS Compression Company, L.L.C.  Your timely review will be 
appreciated 
Attached is the letter under which TW approved the Power Purchase Agreement I will forward an executed copy as well.
Gerald Nemec
03/23/2000 02:25 PM
Attached is the letter under which TW approved the Power Purchase Agreement I will forward an executed copy as well.
Please review the attached.  I am still waiting on an answer from Davis 
concerning Section 3.2.  It may need to be tweaked a little more.
Hi Katie,  I am feeling good about status of the deals!  Looks like we should 
close next Wednesday.  So as it stands now, I don't think I will have to work 
this weekend.  Of course now that I just said that, it almost positive that 
something will come up.
Hmmm,  Actually work might not be such a bad thing as my alternative is 
helping my roommate pack his stuff up for his move to North Carolina.
Have a great weekend! Talk to you soon.
Gerald
Matt Gillaspie  I'm not really a fan of forwarding this crap, but this one is funny if
you can open & view it.
You have to watch this closely to catch what happens . . . the picture
quality isn't very good . . . but this is funny (at the expense of
someone's pain!).  Ouch!
- basketball.mpeg
In the spirit of your previous email, check this one out.
Susan,  Attached is the amendment we discussed.  We would like to execute 
this today.  Mark indicated that Steve would sign today if everything looks 
OK.  Thanks for your help, Susan.
John,  Good to hear from you.  Things are going fine.
There aren't really any parking garages close to the ballpark and getting 
near the ballpark on an open lot will be damn near impossible.  I believe 
metro will be running a shuttle from open lots in downtown which are probably 
about 10 blocks away from the park.  There are several of these lots around 
the Enron building and Smith and Lousiana St.  Might be worth checking the 
either the Metro web site or the Enron Field web site to get exact details on 
the Shuttle routes.  I believe the shuttle will drop off directly in front of 
the park.
I received the Nemec Family Reunion flyer recently.  Looks like your whole 
family got drafted into service this year.  I guess thats a danger of showing 
up at those things 
Take care and we'll talk to you later.
John Nemec  Please respond to jnemec@riviana.com
Hey Gerald how are things going?
I need your expertise...(scary isn't it).
With the baseball season approaching, I am looking for recommendations on
where to park downtown.  Do you know of any parking garages that are
somewhat close and are charging $5-$10?
Please advise.  Thanks!
John Nemec
713-525-9556
jnemec@riviana.com
Thanks,  That does the trick.
Attached for review is the Confirmation (under existing Enfolio Master Firm 
Purchase Agreement between ECS and ECC) for the gas received by ECC from TW 
pursuant to the Gas Conversion Agreement.
I haven't heard anything about the status of those recruits, except that it 
sounds like Alfio Randall will be a partial qualifier.  This isn't great 
since we need OL for depth this year. 
Attached is the form of Amendment to the Gas Conversion Agreement that was 
executed by TW on Friday.  The Amendment does the following:
1.  Shifts gas flow delivery to commence upon the Start Date instead of the 
2 month lag.
2.  Deems the Start Date for all operational documents with TW to be May 1, 
2000 regardless of when physical start up occurs.
Please contact me at (713) 853-3512 with any questions 
Attached are Exhibits A to both the Operation and Maintenance Agreement and 
the Contribution and Assignment Agreement - Description of the Assets  
The descriptions of the Assets are duplicate on both Exhibits 
Attached is the Gas Purchase Agreement between Enron Compression Services 
Note:  In the Kachina deal we used Enron Natural Gas Marketing instead of ENA 
for this gas deal.  After discussions with tax and accounting, there were no 
objections to using ENA in this deal.
Please review.
Ruppert,  Unfortunately it doesn't look like I am going to be able to make it 
due to work.  If things change I will let you know 
Happy Birthday 
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 03/27/2000 10:22:16 AM
Date: March 27, 2000
G,
Drop me note--I'm at class--are you still in for dinner tonight?
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Corporation
Susan, Attached is a description of the Gallup Facilities which should be 
attached as Exhibit A to the Gallup O&M Agreement.  This was prepared from 
information forwarded by Enron Engineering & Construction Company.  Let me 
know if you have any questions.
Thanks very much for your help and short turnaround on the amendments Friday.
Thanks for the phone message.  Glad you made it safely.   It was fun while it 
lasted.   I received your avalanche of Inside Texas reports.  I will spend 
the afternoon going through those.  Should make for a busy day.
Give me a call when you get settle and let me know how things are going Have you told your parents you want airlines miles or points for name brand 
merchandise during your stay at the house?
Talk to you later and take care.
Janet,  This is the last correspondance I had regarding that confidentiality 
agreement.  Not sure if Bobby Gaspard has seen the draft yet or not.  Let me 
know what you need.  Thanks.
Gerald Nemec
03/01/2000 10:22 AM
Janet,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality 
Agreement (Trunkline) with the revisions we discussed.  Please review.  Bobby 
Gaspard with Trunkline, asked that I forward the revised draft via email and 
after their review an executable.  Please forward to Bobby for his review at 
bjgaspard@cmsenergy.com if you are okay with this draft.
Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks
Attached is a draft of the EPNG for your review and El Paso's.  Let me know 
when you want executables.
TUFCO has agreed to remove the exception to consequentials for breach of 
quality provisions.  They are preparing executables and will forward to HPL 
for execution.  Thanks for your help.
Steve,  We are currently negotiating an interconnect agreement for an upgrade 
of an existing interconnect off the Trawick System into TUFCO.  The 
interconnect is solely a delivery to TUFCO.  We are down to one point of 
difference in the agreement 
Typically HPL disclaims any liability for consequential damages to the other 
party.  TUFCO is asking for an exception for any violation of gas quality 
specifications.  This would mean that if HPL delivered off spec gas to TUFCO 
which required cleanup of their pipeline system or caused damage to a 
customer of TUFCO's HPL would be liable under this Agreement 
From a legal standpoint, we can make this exception, but I wanted to make 
sure everyone understood and agreed with the acceptance of this potential 
liability.  Assuming we are properly monitoring all our receipts there 
shouldn't be an issue. 
Please let me know what you think about this situation.  I can forward a copy 
of the interconnect agreement if you do not currently have one 
Hi Katie,
How is my favorite Aggie?   Its been a hectic week so far.  This deal is 
scheduled to close Thursday morning and then a I catch a flight to Denver 
Thursday afternoon.  I have been putting the guys off in our Denver office 
for some time so I will be busy with them all day Friday and then a flight 
back to Houston on Saturday.  Denver is a cool town, so it should be fun on 
Friday night.
How is the research project going?  Any major breakthroughs in the health 
area.  Remember me when you win the Nobel Prize!
Gerald  
Attached is a redlined Assignment and Contribution Agreement with changes 
requested by Bracewell & Patterson.  Please let me know if you have any 
questions.
Eric,  Please take a stab at drafting the interconnect agreement.  This is 
Mary Jo's deal 
Shawna,
Attached is a Contract Preparation Request for a Facilities Agreement for the 
inlet meter to the Hilcorp Old Ocean Processing Plant.  Also attached is a 
copy of the Work Order describing the scope of the project.  This meter will 
be numbered 098-1603.
George x3-6992
Brad,
In follow up to our meetin with Hilcorp yesterday, I am requesting that you 
break out a segment from the original estimate for facilities. 
We have determined that the immediate need will require is a cost estimate 
for the inlet meter at the intersection of the two pipelines.  Hilcorp will 
put in the tap on their line.  I would like to have a notional number of how 
much that saves us also.
Since the estimate is already complete, I am hoping you can just break out 
this information.  Greg Sharp is looking for an answer of go or no go on this 
project as early as this Friday (the 10th 
Please let me know if this is possible so that I can run some economics 
Steve,  Those were CPS's suggested changes, not mine.  I agree.  I don't know 
what they want for Section 6 and Jim has agreed to get with CPS to get 
further definition.  I also recommend pulling the language inserted in 
Section 3 as Jim indicated we have already submitted all the estimates.  The 
Bexar county venue is unacceptable and will be stricken.  David Marshall is 
reviewing the insurance section and should have an answer today.
Steve HPL Schneider
03/30/2000 07:51 AM
I have reviewed the changes which you have made.  Under Section 6, I have no 
idea what we would submit.  Therefore I suggest that the additions under this 
section be removed.  The insurance provision looks fine to me except that I 
would like to see a larger umbrella amount, but you need to get David 
Marshall to bless.  Is there a precedent for having Bexar County the point of 
venue under this contract?  Upon your completion, please send 3 copies to me, 
2 of which I will submit for execution to CPS.
Hi Katie,  So far so good.  Busy but moving forward.  It will be interesting 
to see if I catch my flight or if I have to delay it some.  Denver should be 
nice.  I was watching the weather channel and it appears that it will be 
pretty cold up there.  I saw something about lows in the 10-20s.  Yikes You're right though. I enjoy traveling every once in a while for a change of 
pace.  The guys I work with up there are fun, so that makes the work go alot 
easier 
Take care and talk to you later.
Gerald
Katie McMahon  Hey Gerald!
I'm doing O.K.  How are you?  Mon. and Tues. were busy, but the rest of
the week shouldn't be too bad.  The research project is going well,
except that a lot of the articles we need have to be ordered because our
libraries do not carry the journals.  That's probably typical though.
Tomorrow we have a big meeting with my prof to come up with an outline
for the project, so things should really start falling into place pretty
soon. Starting next Mon. I will be volunteering for the Health-for-all
clinics Health Educator (we have to volunteer for one of my classes).  I
will be helping diabetics and people with high blood pressure plan their
diet and physical activity schedule.  I'm pretty excited, but still need
to read up on nutrition since I am a little rusty.
Denver, huh?  It will be so beautiful.  I've only been to Colorado once
to ski.  I wasn't too big on the skiing thing, but I did enjoy the
scenery.  You will have a great time.  Do you like that you have to
travel every once in a while for your job?  I would think that it would
be nice to get out of Houston every once in a while.
Did it rain in Houston last night?  THere was a huge thunderstorm here
around 4:30a.m.  It almost sounded like it was hailing for a minute, but
I don't think it did.  I heard Ft. Worth got it pretty badly.  Three
people were confirmed dead today.  On a lighter note, have fun on your
trip!
I'm not so sure about the Nobel Prize thing, but hey... it would be
nice.
Take care,
Katie
Gerald Nemec wrote: