secure and private internet!!
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send online invitations with Yahoo! Invites.
- r_t2.1.doc
NETWORK WORLD FUSION FOCUS: JASON MESERVE on
SECURITY AND BUG PATCH ALERT
TODAY'S FOCUS: Social engineering
04/25/00
Dear Wincenty Kaminski,
~~This issue is sponsored by 
Mission Critical Software 
FREE SECURITY eSEMINAR
Windows NT and Windows 2000 security expertise at your fingertips!
Mission Critical Software presents Windows Security: Step-by-Step as
part of its new, innovative on-demand eSeminar site. Reduce the risk
and impact of a security incident by ensuring your NT systems are
properly configured and managed. Review the SANS Institute Security
Checklist to lock out violators.
Register NOW for this and other tracks and product demos!
Nobody Does Windows 2000 better. Nobody.
Subscribe to the "Whitepapers Download" newsletter from Network World!!
Keep up-to-date with summaries and links to the latest vendor-sponsored
whitepapers on Network World Fusion.
Subscribe to Whitepapers Download at
Today's Focus: Social engineering
Here's an interesting topic that came up in a Butler Group OpinionWire
e-mail newsletter: social engineering.
Instead of using technical skills to break into computers, hackers
often use the weakness of the human mind to gain access to corporations.
Hackers befriend users and trick them into giving away sensitive
information that can be used to gain access to systems. These hackers
also use trickery such as pretending to be from tech support to get
unsuspecting users to give up their username and password information.
Serbian hackers used the technique to gain access to Web sites
registered by Network Solutions, Inc., according to the Butler Group.
The hackers then defaced these sites as a form of political and social
protest.
While no data was stolen, the incidents bring up an interesting point.
While you may have security in place, it is still important to educate
users on security practices, such as never giving passwords or other
sensitive information out to unknown people or Web sites. AOL warns its
users all the time that administrators do not ask for password
information when dealing with customers.
Make sure your employees aren't unwittingly leaving the front door open
to attack.
One other note before we get to the latest alerts. Last week, a brain
cramp had me misreading information about the alleged backdoor
passwords in Microsoft software. The problem is associated with
InterDev 1.0, not Version 7.0 as previously reported. Also, I was
remiss in not mentioning that Microsoft recommends deleting the
DVWSSR.DLL library that installs as part of a number of Web software
applications, including FrontPage 98 Extensions. The library could be
used in buffer overflow attacks.
Now on with the latest patches and alerts:
Panda Software warns of W95/CIH virus
W95/CIH (or Chernobyl) is set to go active on April 26, the anniversary
of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986. The virus infects various
executables with 1K byte of code, and on the 26th is set to destroy the
Flash BIOS of Intel Pentium processors, rendering the computer useless
until the Flash BIOS is restored to its original settings.
For more information:
Microsoft releases procedure to eliminate  "Server-Side Image Map
Components" vulnerability
A vulnerability in several Web server products from Microsoft could let
a malicious Web site visitor perform actions that the system
permissions allow, but could not have been accessed without this hole.
The risk is in FrontPage 97 and 98 extensions htimage.exe and
imagemap.exe, which provide server-side image-mapping support.
Microsoft says the affect of this bug is limited, but the company is
providing a means of remedying the situation.
For more information on the procedure:
Buffer overflow in Red Hat's imwheel module
A buffer overflow condition in the imwheel module that comes with Red
Hat Powertools could allow a local user to execute arbitrary commands
as root.
For more information:
Red Hat releases new openldap packages
The new openldap package fixes a vulnerability in Red Hat Linux
Versions 6.1 and 6.2. The old version of the package creates a link to
the /tmp directory that is world writable. This could allow users to
destroy any file on a mounted file system.
For more information:
RealNetworks releases patch for denial-of-service vulnerability in
RealServer
RealNetworks' RealServer streaming media server contains a
vulnerability that could allow a malicious user to cause a stack
overflow and shut down the system until it is rebooted by an
administrator. RealNetworks says the problem lies in the PNA
protocol-handling scheme.
Download the patch:
Bug in Netscape Navigator could allow others to view bookmarks
A flaw has been discovered in Netscape Navigator that could allow a
malicious Web site operator to view a person's bookmark file. By using
a combination of JavaScripts, cookies and frames, an operator could
view the contents of a bookmark file, if the browser user is set to
"default." Also, support for cookies and JavaScript needs to be turned
on. The problem could be part of Microsoft Internet Explorer as well.
While no code can be run on the client machine, the problem could
expose private information in the bookmark file.
Patch available for "Malformed Environment Variable" vulnerability
A vulnerability in Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 could allow a
malicious user to make some or all of the memory on a server
unavailable, effectively slowing and shutting down the machine. The
CMD.EXE command processor has an unchecked buffer in part of the code
that handles environment strings. Microsoft does not believe this to be
a major threat.
For more information:
Patch available for "Mixed Object Access" vulnerability
Microsoft scores the hat trick with its third vulnerability of the
week. This patch fixes a limited problem in Windows NT 4.0 and 2000
that could allow a user to change information in Active Directory
without permission. The scope of the problem is very small and only
pertains to certain object attributes.
For more information:
WM97/Astia-AI reported in the wild by Sophos
Many people like to write these Word macro viruses. For hackers, these
must be the equivalent of the little Pascal programs that sorted simple
lists, which I had to write back in my early days as a computer science
major. Hackers must start with these viruses before jumping to the big
leagues of distributed-denial-of-service attacks. This particular
strain creates Book.dot and Book.src files in the Word StartUp
directory and affects the Normal.dot file. The virus will pop up a
window titled "TITANUS" if a user enters the Visual Basic Macro Editor.
It will then attempt to infect an open document. Just another pain to
be aware of.
For more information:
Georgi Guninski reports another IE problem
Georgi Guninski is the king of finding bugs in Microsoft Internet
Explorer. This time, Guninski has found an error in the way Microsoft
implements its Java Virtual Machine that could circumvent the cross-
frame security policy built into the browser. This could allow
malicious users to use the Document Object Model to gain access to
files on a vulnerable machine. Guninski reports that fixing the problem
is not as easy as turning off Active Scripting.
For a demonstration of the problem:
Problem with Panda Security 3.0
DeepZone is reporting a problem with Panda Security 3.0's key handling.
Local users could override their privileges and gain access to
administrator rights. This could allow an unauthorized user to
uninstall the product.
For more information and patches:
(user name and password required)
Denial-of-service problem with some versions of Cisco IOS
A defect in multiple Cisco IOS software versions will cause a Cisco
router to reload unexpectedly when the router is tested for security
vulnerabilities by security scanning software programs. The defect can
be exploited repeatedly to produce a consistent denial-of-service
attack. Cisco recommends upgrading affected systems as soon as possible.
For more information and to see which versions are affected:
FreeBSD Generic-NQS contains a local root compromise
Generic-NQS Versions 3.50.7 and earlier contain a vulnerability that
allows a local user to easily obtain root privileges. Generic-NQS is a
queuing system for running a batch process across multiple machines.
Patches:
ftp://ftp.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD/ports/i386/packages-3-stable/net/generic-nqs
-3.50.9.tgz
ftp://ftp.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD/ports/i386/packages-4-stable/net/generic-nqs
-3.50.9.tgz
ftp://ftp.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD/ports/alpha/packages-4-stable/net/generic-nq
s-3.50.9.tgz
ftp://ftp.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD/ports/i386/packages-5-current/net/generic-nq
s-3.50.9.tgz
ftp://ftp.FreeBSD.org/pub/FreeBSD/ports/alpha/packages-5-current/net/generic-n
qs-3.50.9.tgz
Other interesting tidbits:
Libsafe 1.3 stack protection software
Some engineers at Bell Labs and MandrakeSoft have developed software
for preventing "smash attacks" against the network stack of a Linux box.
The software is said to prevent attackers from smashing the return
address and taking control of the flow of a running program.
For more information:
Alcatel and Funk team to tighten LAN security
Alcatel is making it possible to keep unauthorized LAN users out of
resources they shouldn't be using with a security package from Funk
Software. The package uses Remote Authentication Dial-In User service
RADIUS) to give network professionals the ability to create logical
workgroups and virtual LANs, even when those users are spread out on
different LAN segments or move from location to location with laptops.
Network World, 04/19/00.
Miss a newsletter?
Don't fear, if you're new to the newsletter or are looking for past
newsletters, you can check out the archives at:
To contact Jason Meserve:
May We Send You a Free Print Subscription?
You've got the technology snapshot of your choice delivered at your
fingertips each day. Now, extend your knowledge by receiving 51 FREE
issues to our print publication. Apply today at
Subscription Services
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail newsletters,
go to:
To change your email address, go to:
Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to this
message.
Other Questions/Comments
Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor, at:
For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Account Executive,
at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com
Network World Fusion is part of IDG.net, the IDG Online Network.
IT All Starts Here:
FYI
Vince
The Real Options Seminar which is scheduled on Thursday April 27th will be 
held in EB46C1.  The seminar will begin at 8:30 and will finish at 11:30 Coffee and bagels will be served 
The baseball will begin at 3:05, and the ball park opens at 1:00.  Food and 
drinks will be provided in the suite at 2:00.  There may be a tour of the 
field scheduled at 1:00, I will let you know the details.
Dinner is to follow the game, place is still be determined.
For Chicago attendees, if you are on the 4:44 flight, please let me know if 
you need transportation to the airport.  Transportation will be provided in 
Houston upon arrival to the hotel.  Please let me know of your flight 
itinerary if you are interested.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Lynn
312) 541-1379
Shirley,
The candidate for Friday. I have already talked
to him.
Vince
nvaldes@txuenergy.com on 04/25/2000 11:11:23 AM
Hello Vince,
I enjoyed talking with you this morning.   Per our  conversation, here is
Norberto Valdes' resume.   I will call you in about an hour to make sure you
Sincerely,
Lisa Ford
281)913-2076
(See attached file: resumen 4.doc)
- resumen 4.doc
We can hire the person as a summer intern
directly (outside the A&A pool).
Shirley, please arrange a phone interview
as in the case of other candidates Osman found.
Vince
Osman Sezgen@EES
04/25/2000 05:41 PM
FYI.
Osman
Amyn Saleh  Hi Osman,
Hope you are doing well. Thank you for replying to my phone call. I have
attached my resume to this email and would be extremely grateful if you
could pass it around to hiring managers. Thank you and I look forward to
hearing from you.
,
Amyn Saleh
- Amyn Saleh's Resume.doc
Steve,
I shall E-mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a 
presentation on Enron
(for analysts). You can use a few slides to  introduce the company.
I would prefer not to disseminate the information about the  use of AMC. The 
industry
does not know about it yet and I consider it a very  powerful tool (given its
flexibility).
I have the files on my laptop. I shall bring it to work to morrow
and send it to you.
Please, remind me about it on Thursday (old age and the hectic pace here start
showing up).
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/26/2000 05:09 AM
Vince
Lenos got back to me, and said he'd prefer a high-level overview of real 
options in Enron, perhaps using my notation to express the ideas.  He wants 
me to keep away from the technicalities of my work.
Would you send me your (usual) powerpoint presentation on real options, and 
I'll look at manipulating it to include my diagrams.  My own efforts to date 
have been on fairly limited power plant modelling/asset development, and I 
obviously don't have the high-level view you have.  This will ensure I get 
the full range of real option type deals in my presentation.
If required I could present the real option problems I have analysed, namely:
1. Maintenance scheduling in power plant operation;
2. Gas storage;
3. Power plant asset development, which would include (1) as a sub-tree.
I will also need your advice on whether I can talk about the fact that we 
prefer American Monte Carlo to build our trees.  I haven't used AMC myself up 
till now, I've been carrying out static optimizations, with different price 
curve scenarios being run through.
I'm still working on selling the full stochastic dynamic programming approach 
- people are just getting to the stage of accepting my deterministic DP, and 
they're still being supplied with useful products, as per my "Real Options 
Strategy" document.
Cheers,
Steve
Larrissa,
I spoke with Joe Pokalsky. He will be glad 
to help you.
Please, call him at the number 770  393 7411.
Vince
Larrissa Sharma
04/26/2000 08:20 AM
Vince,
The letter was perfect.  Thanks for the trouble. 
My name however is spelt with a double "R". ==> Larrissa Sharma.
larrissa.
Vince J Kaminski
04/25/2000 09:19 AM
Larrissa,
Please, take a look at the letter.
My assistant is on vacation, she will be back tomorrow.
Please, check the spelling of your first name. It was inconsistent in the 
original letter from the lawyer.
Vince
Hello,
Please, give me a call.
Vince Kaminski, 713 853 3848.
Vince
Darrell,
I am sending you 2 technical notes on Enron default swaps: I hope that they 
will
be useful. I shall read the articles on weekend. I am curious if you
find these explanations satisfactory.
We are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents
for you for model reviews. We still hope you will be able
to find some time to review our credit models (for our London
credit trading) and  VaR and option pricing related models.
Also, please check your invoices. I still think we owe you money.
Vince
Darrell Duffie  Vince: According to a Bank of America
publication, your (Enron) default swap spreads
are consistently trading about 80
basis points wider than your asset swaps.
Any idea of what is going on here?
Thanks for any guidance, Darrell
_____________________________________________
Darrell Duffie
mail  GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA
phone 650 723 1976
fax   650 725 7979
email duffie@stanford.edu
web _____________________________________________
Please add our contact information to your database.  What follows are a
couple of active searches, should you become aware of interested
individuals.
Chief Executive Officer
LOCATION: San Diego, CA
COMPANY: **rates.com
COMPENSATION:  Targeted compensation in the >$200k base range plus extensive
stock ownership and bonus.
DESCRIPTION:   The Board of Directors of **Rates.com is seeking a dynamic
and experienced executive for the position of CEO of this Pre-IPO Internet
company. The CEO would play a key role in the business strategy of a highly
entrepreneurial and fast-growing company and answer directly to the Board of
Directors. This individual must be smart, highly motivated team leader able
to offer strong business strategies, especially involving the rapid growth
of operations and resulting financial challenges. The CEO must be
expansion-capable and have experience with business start ups, growing
businesses and the ability to get the company to a public offering
The Chief Executive Officer for this 1-year start-up, B2B e-commerce, single
location company must be able to commercially launch the company in the
energy industry, and ultimately expanding into other market niches while
making this company a market leader in the Internet Rate Comparison market.
**Rates.com is a California C Corporation company with an industry leading
Board of Directors and Advisory Board. The company in the process of
assembling a management team, finalizing the business plan and taking the
rate comparison service to market. The initially targeted electric and
natural gas industries have over $200 billion in annual revenues. Currently,
the three largest internet rate comparison companies have little or no
market share in the energy industry.
Possible candidates can come from a variety of experiences, but experience
in starting up an energy company or leading-edge technology company is
critical.
REQUIREMENTS:  The candidate must have 8-15 years of executive management
experience (i.e., CEO, President, Sr. Vice-President, Partner level
Consultancy) in the private sector either with a deregulated energy company,
a large consulting or a services oriented firm. Extensive background in
either the energy field, high technology, including telecommunications,
systems software, e-commerce development or e-commerce. Must have a strong
background in business development and building relationships with large
companies. Strong visionary with proven leadership qualities and capable of
building a company. Degree essential.
Computer literate in word processing/budget formats/ and e-mail necessary
group and people skills essential organizational and planning skills a must
over all must be a self-starter and a communicator must be willing to travel
in states as necessary.
Position Title: Director of Acquisitions Department: Corporate Development
Location: DC    Reports to: Vice President, Acquisitions
Position Summary:
The person holding this position serves as a transaction team leader for
large acquisition projects within the Energy Group, performing all
activities and managing all resources necessary to successfully acquire
operating power plants, or gas assets.  Working largely through
self-direction, he or she manages the project team for an assigned project
and establishes and adheres to budgets and schedules.  Due to high deal
flow, the Energy Group needs two Directors of Acquisitions, and has one open
position.
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
1. Manages the project team for an assigned project.  Successfully manages
the project through signing of an asset purchase agreement.
2. Manages development of and inputs to, project/proposal economic
projections.  Obtains sign-off on pro forma inputs from appropriate company
officers.
3. Identifies problems and solicits input from appropriate team members
and/or senior management on project issues.  Develops alternative solutions
and assesses the alternatives in the context of project and corporate
objectives.  Chooses and implements the best solutions.
4. Establishes project budgets and schedules and manages expenditures to
budgeted levels.
5. Plans and organizes tasks and short-term goals for the project team
members to ensure the project stays on schedule.  Coordinates activities of
team members (including third parties) from different disciplines to ensure
activities with overlapping disciplinary impacts are performed efficiently.
6. Represents the project and the company in discussions with interested
parties, at lender meetings, etc., and develops appropriate relationships
with individuals involved.
7. Identifies key issues associated with an acquisition and its potential
=01&fatal flaws.=018
8. Assists in maintaining relations with investment banks and legal firms to
assure that company receives all appropriate =01&deal flow.=018
9. Leads process of obtaining company's approval for acquisitions and
coordinates requirements with the corporate office as to due diligence
scope, structuring issues, risk assessment, financial analysis, etc.
10. Reviews, edits and assists in negotiating asset purchase and related
agreements.
11. Assists in the timely closing of transactions.
12. Maintains a working knowledge of regional electric market and sub-market
pricing, load shape, resource mix and transmission characteristics.
Required Job-Related Qualifications:
1. BA/BS required; advanced degree in business or related field preferred.
2. Strong analytical skills, experience in building and managing pro formas.
3. Substantial record of successfully managing and participating in the
development or acquisition and financial closing of independent power
projects or merchant plants.
4. Excellent oral and written communication skills.
5. Ability to function in a team environment with multiple and changing
priorities, as either leader or team member.
Interview with:  Chief Financial Officer
Vice President, Acquisitions
Managing Director, Development
Director, Acquisitions
Asian Sales Manager position.
Selling turbomachinery controls throughout Asia.  The best location for this
position is in Singapore.  All
candidates for this position should have a proven track record selling
controls in the region.
The Asian Sales Manager will be responsible for growing I&C systems product
line(direct sales)throughout Asia. This will include sales of control
systems through engine and turbine packagers and rebuilders. Company will
also pursue sales directly to end-users with the best candidates being the
oil & gas producers and power companies. The company will emphasize gas
turbine applications including compressor and generator drives. The company
is interested in developing alliances with large users such as ONGC,
Petronos, and Caltex, as well as pursuing the individual retrofits with
energy companies. Retrofit opportunities will not be limited to this
company's machines. The company will retrofit any gas turbine. We will also
retrofit gas or diesel engines.
The company expects sales results and then growth plans for leveraging these
early successes. As they grow, additional sales personnel may be added and
they will report to the Asian Sales Manager.
Company hot buttons:
1. Familiar with Asian oil & gas and power generation markets.
2. Strong technical understanding of control systems and turbomachinery
applications.
3. Well organized, self-managed individual.
4. Ability to manage and direct other sales people.
5. Ability to work with key customers, to understand their turbomachinery
requirements and communicate I&C solutions.
6. Ability to achieve early sales results and to develop sustained sales
growth.
7. Ability to develop long-term alliances with key customers, as well as,
sales opportunities on individual control retrofit projects.
8. Strong understanding of sales & marketing principles with the ability to
implement these principles.
9. Ability to work well with people of various cultural backgrounds.
10. The Asian Sales Manager will be based in Singapore and report to the
Director of Sales and Marketing, located in Houston, Texas.
An undergraduate degree in Electrical or Mechanical engineering is required.
A graduate degree is business is also desirable.
,
Dave Weir, Sr. Managing Partner
IEG,Inc.
215-957-9012 fax. 215-957-1753 or 215-957-6090
website: www.iegsearch.com
EMail: dgweir@iegsearch.com or dgweir@aol.com
Dave Weir, Sr. Managing Partner
IEG,Inc.
215-957-9012 fax. 215-957-1753 or 215-957-6090
website: www.iegsearch.com
EMail: dgweir@iegsearch.com or dgweir@aol.comDave Weir, Sr. Managing Partner
IEG,Inc.
215-957-9012 fax. 215-957-1753 or 215-957-6090
website: www.iegsearch.com
EMail: dgweir@iegsearch.com or dgweir@aol.com
Norberto,
I would like to invite you  for a preliminary interview 
nvaldes@txuenergy.com on 04/25/2000 11:11:23 AM
Hello Vince,
I enjoyed talking with you this morning.   Per our  conversation, here is
Norberto Valdes' resume.   I will call you in about an hour to make sure you
Sincerely,
Lisa Ford
281)913-2076
(See attached file: resumen 4.doc)
- resumen 4.doc
I shall invite him for Friday for 
a preliminary interview.
Vince
nvaldes@txuenergy.com on 04/25/2000 11:11:23 AM
Hello Vince,
I enjoyed talking with you this morning.   Per our  conversation, here is
Norberto Valdes' resume.   I will call you in about an hour to make sure you
Sincerely,
Lisa Ford
281)913-2076
(See attached file: resumen 4.doc)
- resumen 4.doc
Anjam,
Sorry, I am busy on Thursday.
I shall ask Shirley to contact you. Friday 9:30 to 10:30 my time would work.
Vince
Vince
Anjam Ahmad
04/25/2000 09:51 AM
Hi Vince,
This candidate was forwarded from the Norway office.  He is finishing his PhD 
in Cambridge but is available soon.  If you are free on Thursday before the 
regular weekly meeting that would be good - would 3pm or 4pm work for you 
(9am or 10am your time) to set up the video interview?
,
Anjam
x35383
CV ATTACHED:
Dear Vince,
Firstly, I really appreciate your time and our meeting last week.  Learning
about Enron's use of leading-edge practices was quite enlightening and I
truly benefited from our visit.
Secondly, I've summarized my key "take-aways" as stated below.  Before
conveying it to my management, however, I really appreciate it if you can
pls review my conclusions and ensure that they are not miss-stated.
Again, thanks so much for your time and wisdom.  I was also honored that you
gave me a copy of the "Managing Energy Price Risk" book and shall reference
it with interest.  THANK YOU.
I really look forward to seeing you again next time I'm in Houston.
,
Soussan
(914) 253-4187
PS.  The latest Fortune article on ENE is a great read and substantiates the
company's innovative and creative approach to business.
Our meeting was mainly focused on gaining additional insights re
leading-edge practices within ENE.  My key findings are summarized below:
1. ENE does not use corporate price premises.  They use market price info
only and adhere to mark-to-market accounting.
2. ENE uses the "Heath, Jarrow, and Morton" methods for modeling price
dynamics (I've asked BIC for a copy of the associated paper).  They have
their own "home-grown" software, however, they periodically review selected
external developments for internal inclusion and advancement.
3. Vince's group comprises of Mathematicians, Physicists, and Operations
Researchers who are responsible for the development and advancement of ENE's
risk management tools.  These models are religiously used by the traders,
risk managers, and BUs across ENE.
4. Investment proposals are screened, risked, and "ROVed" by a separate
corporate group (similar to our Special Studies and with business and real
options skills) who work in conjunction with the BUs.  All evaluations and
transactions are marked-to-market.
5. ENE does not use efficient-frontier portfolio concepts.  They "VC fund"
any opportunity that has a credible value proposition and can stand on its
own.  They believe that with the current plentiful liquidity in the market,
project-financing in not an issue for a "good" opportunity.  However, they
closely monitor the development of each opportunity, within their deep
portfolio, at the corporate level and know how to "fail fast".
6. The employee reward system is based on P&Ls as well as the creation of
new business.
7. Most employees have stock options.
I really enjoyed my visit and hope to meet with Vince again the next time
I'm in Houston.
Soussan,
It looks fine.
Look forward to meeting you again in Houston or New York.
Vince
Dear Vince,
Firstly, I really appreciate your time and our meeting last week.  Learning
about Enron's use of leading-edge practices was quite enlightening and I
truly benefited from our visit.
Secondly, I've summarized my key "take-aways" as stated below.  Before
conveying it to my management, however, I really appreciate it if you can
pls review my conclusions and ensure that they are not miss-stated.
Again, thanks so much for your time and wisdom.  I was also honored that you
gave me a copy of the "Managing Energy Price Risk" book and shall reference
it with interest.  THANK YOU.
I really look forward to seeing you again next time I'm in Houston.
,
Soussan
(914) 253-4187
PS.  The latest Fortune article on ENE is a great read and substantiates the
company's innovative and creative approach to business.
Our meeting was mainly focused on gaining additional insights re
leading-edge practices within ENE.  My key findings are summarized below:
1. ENE does not use corporate price premises.  They use market price info
only and adhere to mark-to-market accounting.
2. ENE uses the "Heath, Jarrow, and Morton" methods for modeling price
dynamics (I've asked BIC for a copy of the associated paper).  They have
their own "home-grown" software, however, they periodically review selected
external developments for internal inclusion and advancement.
3. Vince's group comprises of Mathematicians, Physicists, and Operations
Researchers who are responsible for the development and advancement of ENE's
risk management tools.  These models are religiously used by the traders,
risk managers, and BUs across ENE.
4. Investment proposals are screened, risked, and "ROVed" by a separate
corporate group (similar to our Special Studies and with business and real
options skills) who work in conjunction with the BUs.  All evaluations and
transactions are marked-to-market.
5. ENE does not use efficient-frontier portfolio concepts.  They "VC fund"
any opportunity that has a credible value proposition and can stand on its
own.  They believe that with the current plentiful liquidity in the market,
project-financing in not an issue for a "good" opportunity.  However, they
closely monitor the development of each opportunity, within their deep
portfolio, at the corporate level and know how to "fail fast".
6. The employee reward system is based on P&Ls as well as the creation of
new business.
7. Most employees have stock options.
I really enjoyed my visit and hope to meet with Vince again the next time
I'm in Houston.
Suresh,
It did not work.
Vince
Suresh Raghavan@
04/21/2000 01:32 PM
The internal URL is  
Please use the userid test and the password test.  And obviously, send us any 
comments you might have.
Thanks.  SR 
Steve,
RISK will give you more exposure in the peer group faster.
Shan left (I think they are firing people at RISK - a normal development
for a successful company that got ahead of itself).
If RISK does not work, I shall talk to Phelim about speeding the publication.
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/25/2000 08:06 AM
Hi Vince
The person I was dealing with (Shan Millie) passed on my paper to her=20
successor, and I've heard nothing since.  The plan was to try and publish the=20
article in Risk's "Game Choices" real options book, which is being published=20
in June, along with a summary version for the magazine.
I'm supposed to be waiting for them to get back to me, and it's not been at=20
the front of my mind until now.  I think I'll chase them up.
Interestingly at a recent Risk course Phelim Boyle expressed an interest in=20
my work to appear in one the the journals he edits, I think it's Decision=20
Science or something like that.  Do you think this would be a more=20
appropriate home for the work?
One more thing that may be of interest to you is that I've now worked forward=20
recursive DP into my notation too.  It's simply a matter of putting the=20
decision nodes on the left hand side of the value symbols!
Should I chase Risk, or pursue the peer reviewed Phelim Boyle option?
Steve
Vince J Kaminski
04/25/2000 02:00 PM
Steve,
How are the discussions with RISK about an article progressing?
Vince
Steven Leppard
04/25/2000 05:07 AM
Lenos
I'd like to give a talk entitled "Diagrammatic Representation of Real Options=20
in Enron", in which I will give a brief run-down of a diagrammatic technique=20
I have developed for representing real option deals.  My notation allows=20
originators, managers and quants to communicate unambiguously, while still=20
appreciating the complexity and subtlety of real optionality.  I have defined=20
a "diagrammatic grammar" which guarantees that the pricing of the deal=20
follows immediately and automatically from the diagram.
I propose to introduce the symbols and grammar, then go on to present some=20
suitable examples of diagrams.  If appropriate I'll talk about the links with=20
dynamic programming.  (I will need some guidance as to how much technical=20
detail I can go into based on the audience.)
All the best,
Steve
=20
Steve
thanks for agreeing to talk. I attach the program to see the other speakers
and style (it is addressed to a professional autience)
Please give me a suitable title for the talk (replacing Kaminski=01%s slot on
July 6/Energy session) and the details of your position
Thanks
Lenos
At 05:01 __ 04/20/00 +0100, Steven Leppard wrote: