You probably already have this but just in case 
Mark,
Thanks for your help & patience today.  I am providing the names, phone numbers and fax numbers of Knauf's attorneys.
Jack Reese
Phone:  530.241.1611  
Fax:  530.741.5106
Barry McCarthy
Phone:  408.558.0950
Fax:  408.558.0955
I provided these gentlemen with your name and number at 9 am PST this morning.  At 3:30 pm, they informed me that they have yet to receive all of the documents.
They have asked for:
1.  ISDA Master Agreement (Carol St. Claire faxed this to Knauf on Friday) which they have not received from Knauf.  They do have the Schedule to the Master Agreement, Attachment 1 (Legal Opinion), Paragraph 13, Exhibit A to Paragraph 13 of Annex A, Letter of Credit Format (Schedule 1), and Exhibit A - form of Enron guaranty.
2.  Form of the Confirmation Agreement.
Sorry about the short timeframe, but I appreciate your help.
Thanks,
Laird
Approved
Mark,
Due to space constraints in the new Swapland, I would like to request one of the flat screen monitors for my location.  My eyes would also certainly appreciate it!
Thanks,
Stephanie
Approved
Mark,
Now that the Swapland build-out is complete--a flat screen computer would be helpful.
Approved
I don't know if it's possible, but with the move into the new office and space so tight, would it be possible for the swap paralegals to get flat screen monitors?  Just a thought 
Now that we have all migrated to Outlook, please be sure to give everyone in the group access to view your calendar.  You will need to grant permissions to all group members both in the "Outlook Today" box at the top of your folders list and in the "Calendar" box. 
1.  Right click on "Outlook Today" at the top of the folders list (if your folders list is not visible, click on "View" and then "Folder List")
2.  Left click on "Properties" at the bottom of the list that pops up
3.  Left  click on the "Permissions" tab
4.  Add all of the swap group members as "Reviewers" to give them read access
Repeat the above process but starting on the "Calendar" line of your folders list.
Once everyone has done this, we will all be able to access each other's calendars by using the File Open menu.
TO:  Master Agreement Structural Issues Working Group
Please find attached a revised draft of the Bridge (both clean and marked
up).  I am also attaching a copy, for information, of a memorandum to ISDA's
Energy and Developing Products Committee, which is meeting tomorrow, and a
copy of a slide presentation that I will be using at that meeting.
I encourage you to review the revised draft of the Bridge, and to provide me
(and my permanent successor at ISDA, Peter Werner (pwerner@isda-eur.org
convenient.
Kind 
John.
John Berry
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
One New Change, London, EC4M 9QQ
Tel: +44 20 7330 3550
Fax: +44 20 7330 3555
e-mail: jberry@isda-eur.org
- Cross-Agreement bridge3.doc 
- Cross-Agreement bridge4.doc 
- Cross-Agreement Bridge memo.doc 
- ISDA Bridge Presentation.ppt 
Chris - any chance you can show what the specific changes are?
Mark,
Rob Fuller has requested a revision to the WTI Fin Spd we released for him on Monday.  Please take a look at the attached language and I'll schedule some time so we can go over it together.
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
I got your message and the e-mail.  I'll be happy to go pick them up.  Once I have them I'll let you know and we can arrange for you to get them.
Here is the filled in form.  I will sign when I return to the office.  Mark
Taylor is my supervisor and I left a message asking if he could pick up the
checks for me.
Thanks,
Brent Hendry
you get back into the office, please interoffice to EB 1625.  We will be
distributing travelers checks between 1:30-3:30 today and 3-5 tomorrow.
Elyse
- zflood release - employee.doc  
Is there a call-in number for this meeting?  (I'll be in NYC.)
Due to the Labor Day holiday on Monday, September 3, the Office of the General Counsel meeting will be held on Tuesday, September 4, in EB38C2 at 10:00 a.m. CDT 
Thank you.
Janette Elbertson
Administrative Coordinator
Enron Wholesale Services 
Legal Department
Telephone:  (713) 853-7906
Fax:  (713) 646-2600
e-mail:  janette.elbertson@
FYI
June 14, 2001
Notice #01-199
TO:
All New York Mercantile Exchange Members
All New York Mercantile Exchange Clearing Members
FROM:
Neal Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Launch date set for coal futures trading
The executive committee of the New York Mercantile Exchange has approved a launch date of Thursday, July 12, for the Exchange's Central Appalachian coal futures contract.  This contract will be traded in the gasoline futures ring.  Under the terms of the 1994 NYMEX/COMEX merger, COMEX Division seat-owners will be able to trade this contract for their own account for the first two years.
Contract specifications include:
Trading Unit
Futures: 1,550 tons of coal.
Trading Hours
Open Outcry: 10:30 AM to 2:30 PM
Trading Months
Futures: 24 to 26 consecutive months to be listed on a quarterly schedule.  As contracts expire, the 26th month will roll forward until it becomes the 23rd month.  At that point, new 24th, 25th, and 26th month contracts will be added.
Price Quotations
U.S. dollars and cents per ton.
Minimum Price Fluctuation
$0.01 per ton.  ($15.50 per contract).
Maximum Price Fluctuation
$12.00 per ton ($18,600 per contract) for all months. If any contract is traded, bid, or offered at the limit for five minutes, trading is halted for 10 minutes. When trading resumes, expanded limits are in place that allow the price to fluctuate by $24.00 in either direction of the previous day's settlement price. There are no price limits on any month during the last three days of trading in the spot month.
Last Trading Day
Trading terminates on the fourth to last business day of the month before the delivery month.
Contract Delivery Unit
The seller shall deliver 1,550 tons of coal per contract. A loading tolerance of 60 tons or 2%, whichever is greater, over the total number of contracts delivered is permitted.
Delivery Location
Delivery shall be made F.O.B. the buyer's barge at the seller's delivery facility on the Ohio River between Mileposts 306 and 317, or on the Big Sandy River, with all duties, entitlements, taxes, fees and other charges imposed prior to delivery paid by the seller.  There will be a discount of $0.10 per ton below the final settlement price for any delivery to a terminal on the Big Sandy River.
Heat Content
Minimum of 12,000 Btus per pound, gross calorific value, with an analysis tolerance of 250 Btus per pound below.
Ash Content
Maximum of 13.50% by weight with no analysis tolerance.
Sulfur Content
Maximum of 1.00%, with analysis tolerance of 0.050% above.
Moisture Content
Maximum of 10.00%, with no analysis tolerance.
Volatile Matter
Minimum of 30.00%, with no analysis tolerance.
Hardness/Grindability
Minimum 41 Hardgrove Index with three point analysis tolerance below. Hardness measures how difficult it is to pulverize coal for injection into the boiler flame.
Size
Three inches topsize, nominal, with a maximum of 55% passing one-quarter-inch-square wire cloth sieve or smaller, to be determined on the basis of the primary cutter of the mechanical sampling system.
Position Accountability Levels
5,000 contracts for all months combined, but not to exceed in the last three days of trading in the spot month.
There will be a simulated trading session on the Exchange trading floor on Thursday, June 28,  for members of the coal industry to familiarize themselves with open outcry trading and floor traders.
For more information on the coal contract, please contact Jay Gottlieb at (212) 299-2607.  For more information on the simulated trading session, please contact Diana Femia at (212) 299-2315.
Forward Looking and Cautionary Statements
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., has attempted, wherever possible, to make statements in good faith , as of the date of this release, by using words such as anticipate, believes, expects, and words and terms of similar substance in connection with any discussion of its present and future operations within the industry. Any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of the Exchange, involve a number of risks, trends, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause actual results to differ materially, including; the Exchange's receipt of the necessary Commodity Futures Trading Commission approval; timely performance and cooperative effort of exchange partners; and changes in financial or business conditions at the Exchange.
__________________________________________________
It really was unbelievable.  Our neighborhood usually doesn't have too much trouble but the velocity of the rain (at one point they say it was 6" per hour) was so high that it just couldn't drain away that fast.  The water got so high that it was several inches high in the garage (not high enough to get in the car), covered the pool and completely surrounded the house.  It looks like it covered the porch and got right up to the top of the slab since some of the floor boards are starting to warp, but not as high as the door sills since none actually came in.  Just one more inch and I'd be in big trouble.  Luckily I slept through the whole thing - if I'd been awake I would have totally freaked and started carrying rugs & furniture to the second floor -- a lot of trouble and anxiety for nothing since it never did come inside.  The garage apt. tenant parks on the street and her car had water inside and it wouldn't start without being jumped.  I got home about midnight the night it happened and it was raining but the street was clear -- no standing water anywhere.  By the time I got up in the morning it was all gone.
Interstate 10 where it goes near our place (say from downtown out to the loop) looked like a river - the water filled the entire thing all the way up to the bottoms of the overpass bridges!  I didn't see it myself but I hear that 59 was the same way where it dips down between Montrose and Shepherd.  You missed a big one!
I got a Nikon Coolpix 880.  I didn't do much research so I don't know how
good/bad it is in comparison to other cameras on the market.  It was pretty
much an impulse buy.  I like it, but I don't know if a digital camera is
better than a regular camera.
Here are a few pictures from my trip to Lisbon.
I saw a few pictures of the Houston floods...unbelievable.  I hope you
didn't have any problems with your house.
Jim Griffin
Compaq Computer Corporation
EMEA ABG Finance
Tel. +41 58 444 5510
Fax +41 58 444 5754
Jim.Griffin@Compaq.com
Cruise0013.jpg >>  Cruise0006.jpg >>  File: Sedona0006.jpg Nice photos - they're incredibly detailed.  Are you happy with the camera?
I've thought about getting one but there are so many different
brands/options/details/prices I can't figure out which one I would want!
Here are a few from our recent trips, taken with a regular camera that we
also got on a picture CD when they were developed:
(See attached file: Cruise0015.jpg)(See attached file: Cruise0014.jpg)(See
attached file: Cruise0013.jpg)
(See attached file: Kitty.jpg)(See attached file: Cruise0003.jpg)(See
attached file: Cruise0006.jpg)(See attached file: Cruise0002.jpg)
(See attached file: Sedona0017.jpg)(See attached file: Sedona0006.jpg)(See
attached file: Sedona0015.jpg)(See attached file: Sedona0004.jpg)
- Lisbon1.zip  
(i) It constitutes an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 7 U.S.C. ?1a(12) and (ii) it constitutes an "eligible commercial entity" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended 7 U.S.C. ?1a(11).
can you send to me and i will forward??
Marty Rosenberg mentioned to me a comment you had regarding changing the
representation about "eligible swap participant" status to "eligible
contract participant" and he mentioned that there was a specific CFR cite
for the term.  Do you have that cite?  Thanks.
John R. Lilyestrom
Hogan & Hartson LLP
555 13th Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20004-1109
(202) 637-5633
(202) 637-5910 (fax)
jrlilyestrom@hhlaw.com
This electronic message transmission contains information from the
law firm of Hogan & Hartson L.L.P. which may be confidential or
privileged.  The information is intended to be for the use of the
individual or entity named above.  If you are not the intended
recipient, be aware that any disclosure, copying, distribution or
use of the contents of this information is prohibited.
If you have received this electronic transmission in error,
please notify us by telephone (202-637-5600) or by
electronic mail (PostMaster@HHLAW.COM) immediately.
1 - NOT a bulkhead
2 - Prefer an aisle
3 - if it is a 2 - 2 - 2 configuration, prefer one of the center two seats
Just wanted to let you know that I plan on attending the June 25 meeting along with Jonathan Marsh and perhaps one or two others from Enron.
I have your travelers Checks.  Are you mobile yet?
I have to agree.  It sounds like a fundamental lack of consideration situation.  If we are the buyer and actually believe there is value here, we should be willing to pay SOME kind of premium, even if it is fairly small.
Mark,
I have a trader who is trying to do a stand alone Put option where we are the option buyer.  There is no premium or other consideration.  I have a real problem with the enforceability of this deal.  Any thoughts?
I'm happy to take a look at the proposed language and coordinate with the lawyers in London and Singapore.  The difficulty in making the Long Description language the same around the world is that the underlying GTC's are necessarily different because they are governed by different laws.  We'll see what we can do.
Mark,
I know that we recently finalized the Houston product description for the Tanker Freight Swap.  Please see attachment at the end of this e-mail about Singapore's description.
Ultimately, we would like to have a global product description for EnronOnline.  I don't know if Houston is the "final" say but if we could get Houston, London, and Singapore (and possibly any future Enron location) to have all the same standard production description for Tanker Freight Swaps, then it would greatly help Enron in marketing these products.  The factors that would change been product description would be: 
size of ship, route, exchange (pricing index), and term.
If you could please talk with Robert Quick (London) and Debbie Nicholls/Paul Henking (Singapore), then maybe all three locations can agree to some kind of standard.
Homer
i would suggest we try and get the legal guys in houston to have a look at this language as well ; it would make sense if all the descriptions had the same wordings apart from the size / route / exchange etc. 
Matt/Robert,
I understand that there seems to be a delay in finalising the SG Tanker Freight Swap Index language as there are problems arising from possibly not covering the appropriate Worldscale flat rate for the Determination Period.  I have spoken to Scott Moncrief as to the the issues which seem to have arisen. 
I have attached new wording below, which should cover if the Worldscale flat rate changes at anytime so the latest applicable flat shall be taken for the relevant Determination Period especially if they trade a forward starting swap effective in the following year.
Please review as we would like to use the attached for all SG and UK Tanker Freight Swaps.  I have attached all relevant wording for all three porducts which may be traded OTC and EOL so our clients receive consistant confirms, rather than different variations.
Let me know your comments as we need to finalise this wording by Monday or lastest Tuesday to be able to post the long description into EOL.
Many Thanks
Debbie
Hope you had a good vacation.  Thanks for forwarding all of my mail.  Now that I've been migrated to Outlook it may actually get worse instead of better.  My assistant is trying to see if there isn't something the IT people can do.
FYI
Chris, Mike & Mark,
I want to pass along my thanks to Enron's legal and credit staff for their substantial contribution in finalizing the transaction with Knauf.  Carol St. Clair, Tracy Ngo and Ed Sacks did a tremendous job developing a structure that made sense for all parties and finalizing an ISDA agreement in 3 working days - with a German based company no less.   Ed and Tracy quickly developed Credit terms and provided valuable input into the transaction structure.  Carol worked tirelessly developing and negotiating the ISDA with Knauf.  Additionally, she sought out counsel within Enron familiar with German law allowing us to ascertain the appropriate authority levels within Knauf to execute the ISDA.  It was the effort of these individuals that allowed this deal to happen.
I have extended my thanks and appreciation to them, but wanted to make you were aware of their contribution.
We booked a 3 year, fixed price swap in N.  California originating just under $1 MM.
Thanks,
Laird
While I am out next week, you can call on the following lawyers if you need assistance:
EnronOnline generally (including "enhanced limit orders") - Barbara Gray (x36832)
Private e-marketplaces - Anne Koehler (x33488)
Commodity Logic and hub issues - Mark Greenberg (x58897)
Tana Jones (x33399) may also be able to answer some questions, particularly relating to EnronOnline counterparty approvals, and is pretty good at tracking down the appropriate lawyer if you can't.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I have inserted my changes below.
Mark:
Please read the following current responsibilities.  Make any necessary changes and forward back to me before Monday, June 18th.  If I do not hear from you I will assume everything is okay.
Current responsibilities:
"Manage legal group responsible for (i) derivatives trading issues; (ii) NYMEX and CFTC compliance matters; and (iii) Enron Networks, including EnronOnline, legal issues."
Thanks!
Kathy Mosley
Human Resources Manager
Office:   (713) 345-7803 
Cell:      (713) 819-6766
Sky Tell Pager: (877) 547-6065
Location:  EB 3659A
I have left a lengthy voicemail for you with my comments -- the comments aren't that lengthy, just the voicemail.  Please call if you have any questions:
713-853-7459 - office
713-863-7190 - home
713-206-8080 - cell
or page me at 1-877-855-2081
Louise Kitchen has asked to be included and receive copies of our answers.
I'm still concerned about the terms "price" and "quotation."  My understanding was that "Worldscale" is not a number denominated in a currency but rather a percentage number which can be used with reference to a currency denominated figure to calculate a price.  That is what it looks like in the Baltic Exchange Limited publication.  I haven't seen the IITRA publication so can't comment on how their quotations are denominated.  The problem is that in the first paragraph of the long description, the Floating Price is defined to be the Index.  Therefore the Index must be a currency denominated number.  That is why in the US version I used the average of the prices "calculated using the Worldscale Assessments."  Do I have this all wrong?
Matt tks for the points
with the exception of the first issue re EEFT arranging etc, I wd say that yr proposed amendments shd certainly apply to the UK freight swaps. I will just check with the commercial people to make sure that the Index is going to be IITRA and that they are happy to go for the flat rate on the last day of the Determination Period. tks
Mark / Robert / Justin
I refer to Debbie Nicholl's e-mail on how Houston/London/Singapore language for freight swaps should be consistent. Here are my comments on the Singapore product which I drafted in consultation with Paul Henking/Pat Markey who would be trading the product here.  Your views would be most appreciated:
1.	1st para : "as arranged by Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited" would not apply to Singapore and therefore not included. 
2. 	Index defininition:
(a)	In the 1st sentence, I think reference should be to "the arithmetic average of quotations" instead of "the arithmetic average of the prices" to be consistent with the other swap products Singapore has on-line. This also distinguishes between a "quotation" which is an IITRA published quote and "price" which in existing EOL products refers to the bid/offer price on EOL 
(b)	I understand the bid/offer prices on EOL for freight swaps are quoted in "Worldscale" or "WS" values instead of US$, hence the 2nd last para which reads :
"The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, expressed as "Worldscale" or "WS", which shall be the Contractual Currency."
(c)	Since both quotations and prices are "Worldscale" or "WS" values (ie. a flat rate determined by the route X the daily variable rate), I have expressed it as "The flat rate (expressed as "Worldscale" or "WS") used in the quotations and to calculate the price..." so as to clarify that the flat rate is a determinant of the "quotations" as well as "price".
(d)	As identified in the Houston product, "Worldscale" is published by Worldscale Association (London) Limited and Worldscale Association (NYC) Inc.
(e)	Traders here have picked "the last day of the Determination Period" as the day to determine the flat rate (ie. "WS") instead of Transaction Date to avoid issues which may arise from "WS" amendments occurring in the middle of a Determination Period  (eg. whether to take a weighted average when calculating the arithmetic average or would the prevailing rate apply for the whole Determination Period) or between Transaction Date and Effective Date (in the case of forward transactions).
Since the flate rate effective on "the last day of the Determination Period" was chosen, I left out the language which appears in the Houston/London product : "including any relevant forthcoming amendments published prior to or on such date which may become effective prior to or on the last day of the Determination Period".  I also didn't entirely understand the reference to "including" and whether it was intended to mean that all the flat rates will be taken into account (weighted average?) or just the prevailing one. I understand from Robert that when the London product was drafted, it may not have been brought to Legal's attention that the flat rate may be amended (albeit unlikely), anytime during the year in addition to the annual amendments.
Attached for your easy reference is the draft Singapore product long description
Thanks. I look forward to your views. 
Matt
I have been requested to look at the attached wording from Houston and Singapore which I understand London has previously agreed, as the deadline to go live on EOL for next Monday has been missed 
I have highlighted the inconsistencies as follows:
Blue highlights mean - Singapore, London and Houston legal need to agree on standard wording for consistency.
Mauve highlights mean - Remove as EEFT are not the arrangers for Singapore Financial transactions 
Red highlights mean - Inserted for consistency. Singapore, London and Houston legal to agree
Black underlined means - Only inserted in Houston language, Singapore London and Houston to agree 
Please review the attached and finalise your agreement between all three legal departments by forwarding a new set of standardised wording so that Tanker Freight is consistent and EOL can forward your wording to other departments for approval.  If we can do this asap EOL can post these products hopefully to go live on 2 July.
Thanks and  
Debbie 
I would very much like to get some time with each of these people while I'm there.  I have already arranged some time with Jonathan Marsh on Monday morning since he knows a lot about the ISDA meeting that afternoon.  I would prefer, if possible, to have some time with each of Paul Simons and Justin Boyd before the rest of the crew so that I can hear a bit about them before I actually sit down with them.  Don't worry if that's not possible.  I'd also like to get some time with each of Edmund Cooper, Mark Elliott, Mark Evans, Robert Quick and Marcus Von Bock.  Mark Evans would be best towards the end of the stay - maybe lunch on Wed.?
Please advise.  See request below.
Thanks!
HK
Holly
I have been advised by Paul Simons that Mark Taylor will be visiting London on Monday 25th June to attend an ISDA Energy and Developing Products Committee Meeting.  Paul has suggested that Mark may want to meet up with some of the new lawyers in the legal department namely Ian Brungs, Paul Johnson, Jonathan Marsh (Compliance Officer), Sophie Martin, Sarah Sinclair, Peter Traung and Janet Wood.  Please can you check with Mark whether this is the case and if so, please contact me and we can fix up some time in their diaries.
Many thanks for your help.
Kind 
Nina Edmonds
PA to Paul Simons
Tel. 0207 783 6739
If you really think you'll need to get in touch while I'm overseas you can try my international cell phone #  44-7881-512-535 which is a London phone number but works throughout Europe and North America.  And of course when all else fails you can always try to page me at (877)855-2081 or send an e-mail to my pager at 8778552081@pagenetmessage.net.  But the bottom line is that there is a large percentage of the time that I'm just plain unreachable since I turn them all off and let the machines do the answering -- which may not impress Joe but in my book is even more impressive than having lots of numbers.
you only have ONE cellphone - Joe would not be impressed.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
>>  1322 Rutland
Houston, TX 77008
(713)863-7190 home
(713)206-8080 cell
(713)853-7459 work
Sent:   Tuesday, June 19, 2001 6:30 PM
It would be only polite to send us your numbers - do you live on
Rutland?
- Linda Hayman.vcf  
Regarding the need for the RMT confirms, I have always thought this was really a tax issue and that for audit purposes they were needed.  If that is not the case, I don't object to doing away with them altogether.
We have approved doing away with confirms for EOL trades on a counterparty by counterparty basis.  We haven't actually gotten there with anyone yet, having just started the actual discussions this week.  Our plan was to negotiate an written agreement with each affected counterparty to amend the master agreements where appropriate.  Initially we are only working on physical power, physical natural gas and derivatives transactions (other than weather).  The idea is that a lawyer from each affected group would be involved to insure that all of the bases are properly covered.  This will obviously be a very time-consuming and laborious process.  The initial list of 10 or 15 counterparties to approach was selected by the back office people.  Our conclusion that this was even possible was based only on Texas and New York law analysis.  If any Canadian deals are at issue, we will need to get you involved both for the analysis and the negotiations.
Hope this is helpful.  Let me know if it makes sense to you.
Mark
P.S. -- Please be careful when sending e-mails to me.  There are two Mark Taylors and we're hard to tell apart.  The other guy has his middle initial ("A") in some of the lists and sometimes there is a globe next to his name, but not mine.  My name usually has my phone number next to it.  We're trying to get the IT people to do something to better distinguish us.
Mark, I wanted to track down two procedural matters with you respecting financial confirms:
1.	Currently we generate approximately 40-50 confirmations each day between ECC and ENA/RMT, which creates some significant administrative and filing burdens.  I am generally aware, but not precisely clear on the details, that there has been a recent decision that for certain counterparties, or at least with respect to EOL transactions, that Confirms are no longer necessary.  If in fact this is the case, can we do away with the formal confirmation procedures between ECC and ENA/RMT where there is not likely to be any dispute.  [Morris/Laura, if we do away with the formal confirms between ECC and ENA/RMT, and provided that we have a TAGG or Sitara Deal Ticket, is there any ancillary tax purpose for generating confirms between ECC and ENA/RMT?]
2.	In the same vein, for certain non-inter-company financial transactions completed on EOL, I understand that it has been approved not to send Confirms.  Again, Mark can you please clarify this policy for me, including how we determine for which counterparties this ought to apply in Canada.  It was my (again general) understanding that it may have depended upon the wording of the Master Agreement with the counterparty and/or the volume of  transactions executed with the counterparty.
Please let me know.
,
____________________________________
Peter C.M. Keohane
Vice President, Assistant General Counsel
and Secretary
Enron Canada Corp.
3500, 400 - 3rd Avenue S.W.
Calgary, Alberta  T2P 4H2
Phone:	(403) 974-6923
Fax:	(403) 974-6707
E-mail:	peter.keohane@
We agreed from a legal perspective and sent the language along to the EOL people to make sure that it works on the system.  I haven't heard back.
Mark,
I am assuming that you are back from your London trip.
Was there success in the standardization of the Tanker Freight Swap product description?
Or was it agreed to keep the product description differentiated regionally If global standardization has been implemented, has Carlos Alatorre been notified yet about any necessary changes 
I am just checking to see where we are now to see what needs to be done next.
Thanks,
Homer
x57462
Dale 
I know you are getting frustrated with the delay on counterparty approvals.  We have asked Stephanie Panus, one of the other paralegals in the group, to get started on this process and hope that that will speed things along.  Tana is in the process of showing her the ropes and I am hopeful that they will make significant progress by the end of the week.
Mark
Mark 
May we ask that there be some concentration on the dated items; which are almost a month in the queue. I am certain that our phones will be ringing again soon.
Dale
3-9746
,
Nicole Hunter
Clickpaper Support Team
713-345-8438
Yes, I was working with Justin Boyd and Ian Brungs in the legal dept. I think they sent the revisions to Arfan.
Mark,
Please let me know when you hear back from the EOL people.
I am assuming London EOL people (?) because the Houston EOL people (Rob Cass / Kevin Meredith) were not yet aware of any forthcoming changes.
I just wanted to make sure that the Houston EOL team also stays up to date so that they can make changes too on our Houston EOL system.
Thanks,
Homer
x57642
We agreed from a legal perspective and sent the language along to the EOL people to make sure that it works on the system.  I haven't heard back.
Mark,
I am assuming that you are back from your London trip.
Was there success in the standardization of the Tanker Freight Swap product description?
Or was it agreed to keep the product description differentiated regionally If global standardization has been implemented, has Carlos Alatorre been notified yet about any necessary changes 
I am just checking to see where we are now to see what needs to be done next.
Thanks,
Homer
x57462
Since we are not an FCM or an IB, I think we can let this one go.
Mark - Should we follow?  comment?
No. 126  Monday July 2, 2001	Page A-3 	
ISSN 1523-567X	
Regulation, Law & Economics	
Futures Trading SEC Proposals Would Implement CFMA,  Altering BD Registration Requirements	
The Securities and Exchange Commission June 26 published proposed rules to implement parts of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, including amendments to the SEC's broker-dealer registration requirements and Form BD (Release No. 34-4455, 6/20/01; 66 Fed. Reg. 34042, 6/26/01 Those amendments would implement CFMA Section 203, which allows futures commission merchants and introducing brokers that are registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to register with the SEC as broker-dealers for the limited purpose of effecting transactions in certain security futures products. SEC registration in such cases would be accomplished by filing notice with the SEC. 
In addition, the SEC proposed a conditional exemption from registration under 1934 Securities Exchange Act Section 15(a). The proposed exemption would "provide guidance on the extent to which a broker-dealer registered by notice may trade security futures products," the SEC said. It would allow a broker-dealer registered by notice to trade any security futures products as long as the broker-dealer did not become a member of a registered national securities exchange or national securities association. 
Finally, the commission proposed changes to Regulation S-P, which was adopted under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. "These amendments would revise certain provisions of Regulation S-P in light of section 124 of the CFMA, which makes the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act applicable to activity regulated by the CFTC." These amendments would permit futures commission merchants and introducing brokers registered by notice with the SEC as broker-dealers to comply with Regulation S-P by adhering to the CFTC's financial privacy rules, the SEC said. 
Comments are due by July 26, 2001, and should refer to File No. S7-13-01. 
looks fine to me
Mark -- Does this letter text work for you.  If so, I'll get it printed on Enron Net Works letterhead and send it off.
Kal
Contract Administrator
Reuters America Inc.
445 S. Figueroa, Suite 2100
Los Angeles, CA 90071
RE:  Acct# US02162-002
Dear Sir or Madam, 
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement between Enron Corp. and Reuters America, Inc., please accept this letter as our official notice that Enron Corp. elects to terminate the  agreement referenced above at the end of our current 12 month term ending on September 30, 2001.  Please direct any questions regarding this notice to Michael Bridges at (713) 345-4079 or Kal Shah at (713) 853-9354.  Thank you.
Sincerely,
Andy Zipper
Vice President
Rats - I thought I had picked a day when we were all going to be here - your day off was not listed on my group calendar.  Sorry!
Mark,
I will be UNABLE to attend being as I will be on Vacation.
Hope you all have a fun time.
Susan
I'd like to take the entire group out to lunch next Wednesday.  We have a reservation at Ninfa's on Navigation for 11:45.  Since they won't seat us unless everyone is there and we lose the table if we aren't there on time, I'd like to ask everyone to be ready to leave the building by 11:15.  We will arrange for cars on Wednesday morning.  Please let me know if you are NOT going to attend.  If I don't hear from you I will assume you are coming.
Mark
Thanks Chris.  I've taken a quick look at these and my reaction is (1) as to the definitions of specified transaction, we will probably not want to sign on to the expansive provision as an end-user, but it may make sense from the dealers' perspective and (2) we have needed exactly what is being proposed regarding the calculation of termination payments for some time and I view this as a major step forward.  Bottom line, I don't think we will be advocating the MFA position.
Mark - I am sure you aware of this, but wanted to let you know that MFA asked for our help.  FYI.
Chris,
Good to talk with you today.  Attached please find the end
user letters objecting to some of the proposed changes to the ISDA Master
Agreement.  As I mentioned, MFA, the UK Association of Corporate Treasurers,
the Committee for the Investment of Employee Benefit Assets (CIEBA) and the
End Users of Derivatives Council (the old EUDA) have all sent letters to
ISDA saying that they have problems with some of the proposed changes.  We
met with ISDA once, back in March.  CIEBA and EUDC have both asked for
meetings with ISDA.  Not sure if there has been any meetings or whether they
are scheduled.
Obviously we believe that the documents need to be fair to
end users.  We believe it is in ISDA's best interests to not go forward with
changes which end users object to.  Any assistance you can provide on this
point would be appreciated.
By the way, I don't have a copy of the EUDC letter, but the
Dow Jones article references it as being sent in May.
Have a great 4th.  Hope the twins are sleeping well.  Please
let me know if we at MFA can be of any assistance to you.
Pat
- ISDA Package 4.2.01.doc   - CIEBA.ISDALetter.doc   - Dow.Jones.6.15.01.doc  
Kelly:
Thanks for getting back to me with your analysis.  Here's what I've done:
Not sure what the situation is with the Lead Expediter (95%) position -- the phone line of the manager for that one doesn't seem to be working and an e-mail to him was returned as undeliverable -- even though his name was in the company e-mail address book.  But he's in the same department as one of the jobs below (Sr. Purchasing Agent I think), and this position is a more junior slot, so you probably want to be considered for the more senior position first anyway.
The Senior Project Manager (80-90%) and Senior Purchasing Agent (80%) slots are still open.  I talked briefly to the managers listed on the postings and have forwarded your resume to them for consideration.  I have no feel for the timing on the Proj. Mgr. position and in fact the manager was a bit brusque, but the guy on the Purch. Agent job said the timing was great since he's taking a stack of resumes home with him this weekend to review.
I've left voice-mail messages concerning the Construction Engineer (90%) and Process/Mechanical Engineer II (80%) positions and will forward your resume if they are still looking.
On the others, it might make sense to go ahead and go through the application process on the website.  Particularly for the one that says not to contact them directly -- there's no pointing in making them mad before they even see your resume!
I'll keep you posted on the others.  If there are no answers to my voicemails by the middle to end of next week, you might want to submit for those on the website, too.  At least then you know your resume is in the hopper.
Mark
Employee Name: Mark Taylor
Report Name:   Mark Taylor  06-22-01
Report Date:   7/2/01
Report ID:     9A3ABC106D2E11D59273
Submitted On:  7/3/01
Receipts for this expense report have not yet been received. If receipts have been mailed, please disregard this message.
Mark -- I heard you were looking for this while I was out.
Per your request. 
Try opening this attachment for larger screen Images.
I will not be able to attend.
Please plan on attending our final Credit/Legal seminar.  This seminar will be held Wednesday, July 11th, from 2:00 - 3:30 p.m. in EB49c3 and will be a continuation of our discussions of the ISDA Master Agreement.  The topics for this session will be:
Hedge Funds (Frank Sayre)
Canada (Mary Cook)
Mexico (Francisco Pinto-Leite)
Refreshments will be provided.  Please e-mail Becky Spencer, if you are unable to attend.
We discussed the process of doing away with the confirmations for EnronOnline transactions in our last group meeting.  It looks like the most equitable way to staff these is to rotate them among the lawyers like we rotate masters among the paralegals.  No one should end up with more than two or three of them that way.  Janet Moore is taking a first cut using the form and adding the power-specific provisions and then sending them on to the gas group.  The gas group will then forward them to me for us to include any derivatives-specific provisions.
We should talk about this when you have a minute.
A CFTC conference call is scheduled for Friday, July 13, from 8 a.m. - 11 a.m..  The dial in no. is as follows:
1-800-991-9019; passcode: 7203541
Conference Room EB857 is reserved for your use.
Requirements for Electronic Trading Facilities for Exempt Commodities
Transactions must be principal to principal (no brokers)
Parties must be Eligible Commercial Entities
Same as Eligible Contract Participants ($10 mil. total assets or $1 mil. net worth) except:
Must:
have demonstrable ability to make or take delivery of the underlying commodity, or
incur risks, in addition to price risk, related to the commodity, or
be a dealer
May not be a(n):
investment company
commodity pool
employee benefit plan
individual
The facility must:
Register with the CFTC giving:
Name, address, person to receive notices
Commodity categories to be traded
Certifications that:
Executives meet certain qualifications
The facility will comply with exemption conditions
The facility will notify the CFTC of any changes in information provided
Identity of any clearing organizations to be used
Give the CFTC access to trading protocols and electronic access to the system
Provide reports to the CFTC regarding executed transactions as requested by the CFTC
Maintain records of all transactions and participants for 5 years and give the CFTC access to the records
Publicly disseminate price, trading volume and other trading data as required by the CFTC
On special request, deliver to the CFTC such other information as it may request
Transactions on such facilities are subject to the anti-fraud and anti-market manipulation jurisdiction of the CFTC
This is fine with me.  In the past, Dave wanted to see all of the ETA and PA amendments that we negotiated with EnronOnline users.  I take it these should go to you now.  If it comes to you from me, Leslie Hansen or Mark Greenberg, you can assume that Legal has signed off and it is just coming to you for final approval.  Let us know if you no longer want to receive these.
Hi Mark,
Can you please take a look at this letter and see if you are acceptable to the changes requested by the counterparty. In case you are not the right person can you let me know who should take a look at this.
Savita
Savita,
I guess you should look after these, now?
Dave
Dave:
I am back in the office from maternity leave.  PPL Montana is finally ready to use EOL and would like to finalize the attached letter, which I sent to them last winter.
Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.
Best,
Leslie
Could one of you please take a look at the red-lined language in the attachment and let me know if it is ok to approve it.  Thanks!
Mark,
Please review the attached description for a location to be added to the US Pwr Fin Swap (Weather Desk) and make the changes you feel necessary.  I will be building a location in TEST in order to test the bridging of the new location.  If you feel we need to meet to discuss this, please let me know and I will set an appointment with you.
Thank you.
Kevin
Kevin,
I send you the proposal to the short description for the NYPP (NYISO) product.
Thanks,
Claudio
I'm coming to New York this weekend and will be there until Tuesday.  Any chance we could get together for a drink while I'm in town?
Mark
ISDA
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
600 Fifth Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY 10020-2302
United States of America
Telephone: (212) 332-1200
Facsimile: (212) 332-1212
email: isda@isda.org
website: www.isda.org
July 8, 2001
IMPORTANT NOTICE - Reply Requested
MEMORANDUM TO ISDA MEMBERS
ISDA is in the process of updating its records to ensure that we have the most current information for members in our database.  To continue with its electronic initiatives that began last year, ISDA will increasingly provide information notices, comment letters, committee meeting notices and other correspondence by email or through its web site. In addition, ISDA plans to enhance its web site to allow members to customize their view of the web site so they can select the information that is most relevant to them. More details on this enhanced web feature will follow later this year.  Your correct details, particularly your email address, are required in order for you to remain informed of ISDA initiatives and developments in the derivatives industry  
ISDA committees are the principal means of informing members of developments in areas of their responsibility or interest.  Careful consideration should be given to the list of committees attached before you make your selection. If you do not respond to this request or if you do not indicate that you wish to be on an ISDA committee, you will not receive notices on ISDA committee activities.  You will continue to receive the ISDA newsletter and conference information only.
Enclosed are the details we have on file for you.  Please confirm that your details are correct or make changes if necessary, and reply by email to database@isda.org by July 28, 2001. 
Please contact Barbara Hanlon by email at bhanlon@isda.org or by telephone on 212 332 1200 should you have any question.
Robert Pickel
Executive Director and 
Chief Executive Officer
[IMAGE]	
new york   *   london   *   singapore    *   tokyo
Please review the following details and reply by email to database@isda.org or by fax on 212 332 1212.
Current Information  	   	 Change To  Salutation 	 Mr  First Name 	 Mark  Last Name 	 Taylor  Firm 	 Enron Corporation [Taylor, Mark]   Title 	 Assistant General Counsel 	 	Vice President and General Counsel	
Address 1 	 1400 Smith Street  Address 2 	 EB-3889 	   	   EB-3892	
City, State Zip 	 Houston, Texas 77002  Country 	 U.S.A  Phone 	 713-853-7459  Fax 	 713-646-3490  E-Mail 	 mark.taylor@ 
Please indicate the committee(s) that you would like to join from the list below.  A complete description of each committee is available from the ISDA web site ___Accounting Committee
___Asia Pacific Committee
___Canada Committee
___Central & Eastern Europe Committee
___Collateral Committee
___Credit Derivatives Market Practice Cmt.
_X_Documentation Committee
_X_Energy and Developing Products 
___Equity Derivatives Committee
___Euro Committee
___Japan Committee
___Operations Committee
___Latin America Committee
_X_Regulatory Committee
___Risk Management Committee
___Tax Committee
___Trading Practice Committee
Mark:
I apologize for not getting this to you earlier.  This is a draft of a
license under which Enron Networks could disclose its data formats.  It is
very basic, but I think covers the points that we discussed last week.
I will be out of town on vacation, starting tomorrow.  But I have
briefed Rasmani Bhattacharya, an attorney at V&E who works with me on this
types of projects, and she can make any amendments or changes that may be
necessary.  You can reach Rasmani at 713 758-2109.
I have left some questions in the form, which need to be addressed and
edited.  Also, we should ask Jay what we should call these formats.  I just
made up a term.  He will be able to come up with a better one, I am sure.
Rasmani, you should have rights to this document, but if there is some
problem, just save it as a new document and go from there.  The iManage
number is 599547.  Also, please feel free to expand and clarify the
disclaimers and limits of the license.  Also, would you get with Tony Chan
and go over this draft with him.  I based this draft in large part on what
he gave me.  Thanks.
Ted Stockbridge
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
(713) 758-1032
++++++  - July 11 License Agreement for Data Formats.DOC 
FYI
Francisco, I fully agree with you, and I thank you for being so pro-active with our business inMexico.  I can't see how could we progress without ideas like this one...  You are by far, the best lawyer we have had in the Enron de Mexico Team...  I appreciate it 
I am making a couple of important changes in our process that you should be aware.
In the future, we will not be generally requiring legal opinions to be delivered with the Deemed Isdas (we may however require them on a case by case basis).  We will still require legal opinions with the Master Agreements.  Also, as you all know one of the problems to get from Mexican counterparties is the agent for service of process.  In the future we will be sending as part of our package the names, fees and form of contracts for three agents for service of process.  All the Mexican counterparties need to do is to choose one, sign the contract (it is normally one page by fax) and send it in.   Because this will expedite our counterparties getting agents for service of process, I will start to ask for such information both in the Deemed Isda and the Master.
Finally, I just contacted the confirm desk to ask them to, in the future, always inform me of any Deemed Isdas they get executed from mexican counterparties.  Like this I can know and let you know exactly who is signing these documents and who is not.  Ideally, we should get these back within a matter of two to three days.  If not we should at least attempt to start contacting the counterparties.
Just in case you are wondering why I am so concerned about the deemed Isda.  Before we have a Deemed Isda executed, if there is a problem, I will have to litigate in Mexico under Mexican law (ENA does not like this option).  Only after I get an executed Deemed Isda, I am out of Mexican courts and Mexican law.
let me know if you have any questions and or suggestions to optimize our process.
The above was duly authorized and will be implemented immediately.
Francisco Pinto-Leite
Enron Americas
1400 Smith Street, EB 3888 
Houston, TX 77002-7361
Tel: 713-345-7942
Fax:713-646-3490
fleite@
Thanks -- I agree.
I liked her and found her to be articulate.  Her resume indicates a good legal background conducive to what I understand to be the type of work for the position, including her desire to work on a part time basis 
Cordially,
Mary Cook
I have the pager with me but don't know if it's working.  Would you mind sending a test message?
Did you set up a lunch for me for tomorrow with David Mitchell?  It isn't on my calendar - or at least not the calendar I can access from the road.
Hope you had a good weekend!
Mark
Everyone I've talked to was thoroughly impressed.  I'd be happy to proceed but did get an e-mail from Cheryl on Friday indicating she wanted to talk about it...not sure yet what that means.  I'm out of town today and tomorrow - if you have time to stop by Cheryl's office & ask, that might help.  My only concern with Kim at all is that she probably can't start until September.  Probably worth the wait though.
Mark,
What was the feedback on Kim?  Sorry about the HR mixup on the scheduling sheet that indicated that she was to work for me.  Cheryl Nelson interviewed her without knowing the real opportunity was for your group.  Oops.
Let me know how you would like me to proceed.
Michelle
This is a test e-mail page.
Here is the list of the counterparties they want to put these agreements in place with and the lawyers that have been assigned to them.  As you can see there are a number that have yet to be assigned.  Would you please pass these out equitably among yourself, Frank, Mary and Francisco -- particularly those in town next week who will have a chance to move them forward.  Kim Theriot is very anxious that we make headway on these.  The counterparties marked with an asterisk are the most urgent.  I will forward the docs I have received from Stacy and Janet as separate e-mails.
Thanks!
Mark
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
REMINDER:
Thursday, July 19
ENW Staff Meeting
12:00 - 1:30 p.m.
EB27C2
National Dial-in 888-285-4585
International Dial-in 304-345-7354
Access Code 494963
_ [Taylor, Mark]  X __ I will attend in person.
___ I will not attend.
___ I will participate via conference call.
Thanks,
Tina Spiller
Assistant to Greg Piper
President & CEO
Enron Net Works LLC
Phone 713.853.5746
Fax 713.646.8070
I will be happy to attend.
I'm afraid I will have to be on the phone for this one.
Using your numbers:
1.  No.  We won't do that until we think we have to.
2.  Not entirely, they have to meet certain more restrictive tests depending on how they are organized (i.e. how sophisticated are the investors).  A fund group like Fidelity that allows my Mom to invest has to have $1,000,000,000 in assets.  A true hedge fund that limits its investors to those meeting certain sophistication requirements only needs $100,000,000 in total assets.
3. Yes
4. Only if we become "regulated."  Currently we still maintain that we are a one-to-many site and are not yet subject to these rules. 
OK - so based on this document:
1) Are we registered with the CFTC?
2) Are we prohibited from transacting with hedge funds ("investment company 3) Are the "exemption conditions" with which the facility must comply just the conditions listed in the document?
4) Could you clarify: Do the conditions described in the document apply to us now, or only if we become "regulated"?
As per our conversation, I understand that FX is subject to even less stringent requirements than our current commodities are. 
Thanks,
Dave
Attached is a brief outline of the requirements for electronic trading facilities for transactions in exempt commodities.  Exempt commodities are all commodities other than financial commodities (e.g. interest rates, currencies, securities) and agricultural commodities.
David 
Apologies for my silence.  I need to check with Mark H. and make sure he is still on board but I think it is a good idea and would suggest we try and schedule something for early September.
Mark
Mark,
Is this still of interest?
David Yeres
This message and any attachment are confidential and may be privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.  If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person.
For further information about Clifford Chance please see our website at   or refer to any Clifford Chance office.
FYI
Two weeks ago, a member of the FRBNY legal staff asked to meet with AIG
staff to discuss AIG's present and proposed retail swap activities. I
responded that AIG does not now and has no plans to engage in that activity.
For that reason, I stated that it was premature to consider the need to
regulate an activity that does not now exist and that ought to be the
agencies response to Congress.
For your information, I have attached correspondence from the
Federal
Reserve requesting ISDA's participation in the Commodity Futures
Modernization Act retail swaps study.  The correspondence also lists
interview topics/questions. Please do not hesitate to call if you
have any
questions.  Many thanks!   -- Stacy
Stacy Carey
Policy Director
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
No problem.
Mark:  I would like to take next Thursday/Friday to visit my mom (July 26/27).  Hope this works.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
Enron Wholesale Services
1400 Smith Street, EB3801a
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  (713) 853-5620
Fax: (713) 646-3490
This looks ok to me but I thought I should run it by you first.  Any objections?
Mark,
Have you had a chance to look at this?  The attached file is the new index (website address) and the following language is another example of an index currently on EnronOnline which uses a web address.
The Floating Price during a Determination Period shall be the average of the hourly prices listed in the Index for electricity delivered during Peak hours on each Delivery Day during the applicable Determination Period.  The Floating Price for each Determination Period shall be calculated utilizing the hourly clearing prices published by PJM Interconnection, LLC on its official web site currently located at ftp://www.pjm.com/pub/account/lmp/index.html, or any successor thereto, under the headings "PJM - Locational Marginal Pricing Files; Western Hub"  (the "Index 
Mark,
Attached is the product long desription including a new index the East Power desk would like to start trading for day ahead products only.  As with the other PJM products, it refers to a website address.  Please review and let me know should you need additional information.
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
As per my voice mail.
Cheryl/Mark
Please find attached the credit worksheet, with credit terms, for the proposed ISDA between ECC and Canadian Hunter Resources, by its managing partner Canadian Hunter Exploration Ltd.  We recently executed an EEI with this counterparty which was heavily negotiated and I would like the credit terms in this ISDA to mirror as closely as possible the agreed upon terms in the EEI.  Consequently, I am sending to you, via I/O mail, a copy of the cover sheet to the existing EEI for your reference and review.  Please call with questions or comments, and please put this on your **High** Priority List as we have a very short time frame for getting this ISDA completed and executed.
Thanks so much,
Wendy
Mark, 
Here is Bridgeline.  They do not trade power.
Stacy 
Cheryl/Mark
Please find attached the credit worksheet, with credit terms, for the proposed ISDA between ECC and Canadian Hunter Resources, by its managing partner Canadian Hunter Exploration Ltd.  We recently executed an EEI with this counterparty which was heavily negotiated and I would like the credit terms in this ISDA to mirror as closely as possible the agreed upon terms in the EEI.  Consequently, I am sending to you, via I/O mail, a copy of the cover sheet to the existing EEI for your reference and review.  Please call with questions or comments, and please put this on your **High** Priority List as we have a very short time frame for getting this ISDA completed and executed.
Thanks so much,
Wendy
FYI - I will stick my head in today.
Per the discussions at the credit meeting, please be sure to put this ISDA on your priority schedule and advise Ed Sacks when you can get the draft sent.  Thank you.
Cordially,
Mary Cook
I have tentatively booked us on the QE2 sailing from Southampton at 5pm on August 29, arriving New York at 7:30am on September 4.  You and Amanda have a Caronia class cabin at $2045.32 per person, including air from New York to London (with a business class upgrade on Continental).  I have a single in the same class (so we eat in the same restaurant).  My plan would be to fly over on Sunday evening - the 26th - since I have to be in Ohio that morning.  With that in mind I have also booked jr. suites for us at "41" the all-inclusive London hotel near Buckingham Palace that I've mentioned to you before.  They are at 275 GBP per night (2 nights).  Of course, if you guys wanted to go earlier to spend more time in London, I am sure that would be possible.
The difficulty is that Amanda has indicated an interest in staying in Europe longer - certainly understandable.  Her preference would be to go over on the boat leaving NY on September 5, arriving in Southampton Sept. 10 and then stay in Europe for a few weeks.  That doesn't work quite as well for me because I only have 6 vacation days left and on that routing I get one less day in London - i.e. we get off the boat on Monday morning and I have to fly back Tuesday morning.  On the other hand, we wouldn't be jet lagged on arrival in London!
They will hold the reservation until tomorrow.  What's your preference?
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
looks good to me - do I need to approve this in the system?
Mark,
FYI.. Below are the updated Product Long descriptions as we discussed for US UNL gas options. Thanks for your help.
Lindsay
US UNL Gas Opt   NYMEX=09
The Option style and type shall be a European Call ("EC"). Automatic Exercise is Applicable. The Strike Price for the Transaction shall be as set forth in the Product description on the Website. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. The Exercise Period(s) shall be the last Trading Day of the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Options Contract for the applicable Determination Period. The Index for a Determination Period shall be the settlement price for the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Futures Contract for the applicable Determination Period on the expiration day of the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Options Contract for such Determination Period.
The price is quoted in cents (US) per unit of measure, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be gallons and the quantity shown shall be the total number of 42,000 gallons per month.
US UNL Gas Opt   NYMEX  =20
The Option style and type shall be a European Put ("EP"). Automatic Exercise is Applicable. The Strike Price for the Transaction shall be as set forth in the Product description on the Website.  The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. The Exercise Period(s) shall be the last Trading Day of the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Options Contract for the applicable Determination Period. The Index for a Determination Period shall be the settlement price for the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Futures Contract for the applicable Determination Period on the expiration day of the NYMEX UNL Gasoline Options Contract for such Determination Period. The price is quoted in cents (US) per unit of measure, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be gallons and the quantity shown shall be the total number of 42,000 gallons per month.
Lindsay Renaud
EnronOnline
(713) 345-3703
Let's go ahead and make her an offer to start as soon as she can - that may not be until September but if she can make it sooner that would be great.
Any word?  Michelle
Everyone I've talked to was thoroughly impressed.  I'd be happy to proceed but did get an e-mail from Cheryl on Friday indicating she wanted to talk about it...not sure yet what that means.  I'm out of town today and tomorrow - if you have time to stop by Cheryl's office & ask, that might help.  My only concern with Kim at all is that she probably can't start until September.  Probably worth the wait though.
Mark,
What was the feedback on Kim?  Sorry about the HR mixup on the scheduling sheet that indicated that she was to work for me.  Cheryl Nelson interviewed her without knowing the real opportunity was for your group.  Oops.
Let me know how you would like me to proceed.
Michelle
Here is the first of the no more confirms agreements.  Can you please handle this one?  Even though it came to me over two weeks ago I didn't realize this was ready for us until the back office and EOL people called asking for it (entirely my fault) so there is a certain urgency to it.  I also have counterparties for Francisco, Sara and Frank to get started on, but I thought you would be better for the urgent one since you have the most experience with these issues.
I tweaked the one that I sent you yesterday.  Here's the  final version.
Janet
Here is the Aquilla no-more-confirms agreement.
Theresa Zucha on behalf of
Stacy Dickson-Granmayeh
Have we been officially sanctioned by the LME?  If so, please send me a copy of any official statements of sanction. Depending on exactly what they say, we may have to report the situation to other exchanges here and possibly the CFTC.
Thanks!
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Here is the no-more-confirms document I mentioned.
Theresa Zucha on behalf of
Stacy Dickson-Granmayeh
here it is
I tweaked the one that I sent you yesterday.  Here's the  final version.
Janet
Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreements.  Power and Gas have already made their changes to the form so now it's our turn.  Sara, Mary and Francisco also have counterparties they are working on.
Theresa Zucha on behalf of
Stacy Dickson-Granmayeh
Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreement.  Power and Gas have already made their changes so now it's our turn.  Sara, Brent and Mary also have counterparties they are working on.
Theresa Zucha
When: Monday, July 23, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada).
Where: EB2126
FYI
NYMEX Membership Services
July 23, 2001
Notice #MS-63
CORPORATE NAME CHANGE
Please be advised that the Exchange has been notified that effective December 31, 2000, El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas, L.P. has changed its name to El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P.
Inquiries regarding the above should be directed to the Member Services Department at (212) 299-2378.
__________________________________________________
FYI
I think your response is exactly right.  JPMorgan is in complete agreement with
this view and will communicate that to the Fed which has also requested a
meeting with us.  Since our request for a meeting comes from our examiners (and
in view of the past views expressed by some former members of our firm) we will
actually have a meeting--but our message will be the same as yours.
Ernest.Patrikis@aig.com on 07/18/2001 10:36:29 PM
cc:      (bcc: Diane M. Genova)
Subject: RE: Retail Swaps Invitation Letter and Questions
Two weeks ago, a member of the FRBNY legal staff asked to meet with AIG
staff to discuss AIG's present and proposed retail swap activities. I
responded that AIG does not now and has no plans to engage in that activity.
For that reason, I stated that it was premature to consider the need to
regulate an activity that does not now exist and that ought to be the
agencies response to Congress.
For your information, I have attached correspondence from the
Federal
Reserve requesting ISDA's participation in the Commodity Futures
Modernization Act retail swaps study.  The correspondence also lists
interview topics/questions. Please do not hesitate to call if you
have any
questions.  Many thanks!   -- Stacy
Stacy Carey
Policy Director
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
This communication is for informational purposes only.  It is not intended as
an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument
or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices, data
and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and
are subject to change without notice. Any comments or statements made herein
do not necessarily reflect those of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., its
subsidiaries and affiliates.
Thanks for the offer, but I can't get away that early without taking vacation time.  At this point my flight gets in at 8:36 p.m.
I'm afraid Amanda's friends will be disappointed.  The two-step, a polka or maybe a C&W line dance is more in the Texas line; they'd be disappointed there as well but their expectations might be slightly more reasonable.
If you can get a plane that arrives in newark at 6 - or earlier - ill pick you up in newark on friday. As an added incentive ill take you to the bear cafe in wdstk to eat - it is fabulous.
Also if you want to bring your tux or your tiara we will store it before the cruise.
I made a massage appointment for you on saturday with this fabulous massage lady. To die for.
Th dj only plays latin/sala music.  Amandas friends think you are going to teach them to dance because you are from houston.
I asked for a return date for you of September 12 which is the day I'm coming back.  But since I will be going to Houston and you will be going to NYC we won't be traveling together anyway.  Would you rather stay an extra day or two?
Mark,
See attached Confirmation examples for Sempra Energy Trading Corp. deals:
Joe Hunter
713-853-3316
larry.joe.hunter@
Will you guys be around the first weekend in August?  I have to be in nyc the 1st & 2nd on business - thought I'd check and see what you were up to.
Mark
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Here are my comments 
Better check with Stacy to make sure they are done with this one.
Your reservations went through on the card you wanted.  I asked for 9/12 as your return date and 9/26 as Amanda's.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Will you guys be around the first weekend in August?  I have to be in nyc the 1st & 2nd on business - thought I'd check and see what you were up to.
Mark
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Veronica,
The lease automatically converts to a month-to-month lease at the beginning of August at the same rent.  That means that from then on either one of us can cancel with 30 days notice to the other if they want to.  That's ok with me if it works for you.
Mark
Mark,
Have you made a decision on the lease and rent increase/decrease?  Please
advise.  Thanks!
Veronica Brock
_________________________________________________________________
Let's plan on it.  My only question is whether I'll be able to come on Friday eve. or have to wait until Sat. a.m.  Do you have plans that would make one day better than the other?  I have a 4:00 flight back to Houston on Sunday afternoon and will be able to get a rent car at the Newark airport so you won't have to worry about transport for me.
Tom Gros and the Commodity Logic team will be presenting a demo tomorrow of the various modules which go live in the next week or so.  The demos are scheduled for 1:30 to 2:30 and 3:00 to 4:00 tomorrow afternoon in EB5C2.  Please feel free to attend one of the sessions if you are interested.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I already have a meeting scheduled at 11 on Monday.
If this doesn't work, I can just send you the three whole presentations.  Let me know.
Mark
Unfortunately, it's each one comes from a different presentation -- here are all three:
Slide 3
Slide 9
Value Proposition Slide 31
I couldn't get a good quality slide.  Can you send the whole presentation?
Thanks,
Chris
If this doesn't work, I can just send you the three whole presentations.  Let me know.
Mark
Here is the language for the risk control slide.  Sorry I can't send it to you as a slide but what they sent me was actually 31 slides that Ken and I've distilled down to one.
Enron Risk Assessment and Control (RAC)
Market Risk Management 
Policy approved by Board of Directors
Trading Limits
Value at Risk daily reports -- stress testing
Application of Extreme Value Theory
Credit Risk Management
Counterparty credit exposure aggregation and management             Counterparty Value at Risk models
Segregation of Duties; Independence of RAC optimizes focus on risk identification and performance measurement
I marked my comments on the document and left it in your office.
Mark-
Could you please take a look at the attachment below and inform me if you see any problems with utilizing it, from your perspective.
Thanks,
John
John:
I recommend that you visit with Mark Taylor on this. I think it's ok as is, but he may recommend a disclaimer be added.
Alan
Alan-
Please look at the attachment and inform me if you believe we may be perceived in an advisory style role.
Thanks,
John
John-Please review asap. This is an invitation for a seminar we are co-hosting with SPI and Plastics USA.  Unfortunately, we had to "marry" our brand identity with two other organizations.  Please make sure content is "legal".  Please call me if you have any questions.  If there is any way we could make this a priority, I'd appreciate it as it was supposed to be mailed last week.  Thanks,
Juli Salvagio
Manager, Marketing Communications
Enron Wholesale Services
1400 Smith Street, 3641
Houston, TX 77002
713-345-2908-Office
713-294-7907-Cell
713-646-5800-Fax
juli.salvagio@
Barbara and I will both be out of the office next Thursday.  Can you attend the Net Works staff meeting for me and fill me in on what happens?
Thanks!
Mark
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Here is the Doug Leach/Russell Dyk e-mail.
Mark--please review and let's discuss. Will call you tomorrow am.
Doug and Larry I would say we're at least 6 weeks away from getting the first fund (Tudor) set up to transact gas, crude, products, etc. on EOL. 
The primary reason for this is the way Tudor - and most of these funds - are set up. Normally the funds have at least two separate entities, one onshore and one offshore, so that they can attract both US and overseas investors. 
We have separate ISDAs w/ each fund, yet in practice the fund manager will trade, say, 100 lots which is then split in some way between the two funds. While this works in practice right now, with the funds calling in and us executing orders, it would not work at present on EOL unless they traded as separate entities. Because one manager/trader usually trades on behalf of both entities, he would have to be clicking on two separate EOL screens to trade. 
When I spoke w/ Larry 2 weeks ago, he asked whether the funds could trade on EOL through only one of the two entities. I brought this up w/ them and the reply was that it's not possible. The reason is that the funds are set up legally according to certain guidelines, one of which is that trades are allocated among the various funds according to capital in each fund. To put all of one trade in one fund would violate those guidelines, as the manager would be favoring one class of investors - say, foreign ones if it were only the offshore fund that traded on EOL - over another by putting all of one trade in one fund. If the trade was a winner, the foreign investors would benefit more than domestic ones. If it's a loser, it would be the other way around 
The way we're proceeding to work around this is to draft an a legal agreement that basically gives one entity (a "superfund") the ability to trade on EOL on behalf of all the funds with which we have ISDAs. We have spoken to the funds about this, as well as to Dan Diamond and Savita Puthigai from EOL, and all have agreed that this is the best way forward. 
There are two funds that we deal w/ which have only one entity, which would make transacting on EOL much easier. 
One of those - Harvard - already has transaction rights on EOL. Harvard, however, is not going to be a flow customer, which is why I noted above that Tudor is really the first fund that will transact regularly on EOL. Harvard's focus is longer term and typically more option-oriented. The one thing they might trade on a more frequent basis - as I mentioned to Larry - is the WTI/Brent spread. Other funds have expressed interest in seeing this product online as well.
The second fund we are still negotiating an ISDA with, but that should be signed within the next 2 weeks. 
As you can see, the funds are not all set up the same way. Moreover, many have different focuses - i.e. short-term, longer-term, fundamentally driven, technically-driven, etc. Some are also restricted by their charter from trading prompt-month instruments. Our goal is to get all of them set up on EnronOnline; but not all of them will be flow customers. 
All the funds currently have guest IDs on EOL. We worked an arrangement w/ Dave Forster and Mike Bridges of EOL under which the funds' guest accounts are good for 2-6 months. So the funds are seeing EOL prices, and we very often transact on those prices - at this point more on the gas side than crude. However, recent trades we have initiated on the crude/products side - for example, a Cal02 fuel oil crack - have been done b/c a fund has seen the price on EOL. Moreover, trades we pitch are often referenced to EOL prices, so that the funds can monitor them for their desired levels. 
Chris Glaas has visited many of the funds to pitch his EOL DFL product, which would allow them to more easily and transparently play in the Dated Brent market. So has Andy James, from the shipping group, who was pitching both dry bulk cargo and wet tanker route markets on EOL. When we last spoke, Larry introduced me to the TAS gasoline product. We're definitely interested in the new products that are out there, and are happy to talk to the funds about specific ones. 
As far as internal problems, the only one we have is the lack of adequate numbers of legal staff to draft and negotiate ISDAs and these EOL omnibus agreements w/ the funds. ENA/EGM has assigned one lawyer to us - Frank Sayre - and he is also saddled w/ other responsibilities so that his time is very constrained. 
Just to summarize, as far as status on EOL, all the funds except Harvard have guest IDs for EOL. We have signed ISDAs w/ five and are negotiating ISDAs w/ seven more. In addition, we are in discussion w/ two other funds. Three of the funds - one with which we're negotiating an ISDA and the two with which we're in discussion - are program ("black box") funds. Our specific pitch to them was EOL, as it has more transparent pricing and often tighter spreads than they see on the floor. Of all the funds, these we expect would provide the most flow business to EOL. 
Sorry for the long explanation to a short request - if you have more questions I'd be happy to discuss them over the phone. I'm at 212 702 3914  ,
Russ
Where does the Enron NYC office stand with get the hedge funds signed up to use EnronOnline for crude and products? Could you please give us a list of the funds and the status of each regarding EnronOnline? If there is a legal or credit problem with getting them set up would you please identify who or where that internal problem is? 
Do I assume correctly that dinner is at home in NJ rather than at home in NY?
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
What should we do about keeping track of names, phone numbers etc. for me?  Is it time to start with one of the programs now available?
I received all the paperwork from you, thanks. Just as a note, the reason I
didn't receive the first package is due to a wrong address. My current
address is 666 5th Ave, NYC, NY 10103.I do need one more signature from
you.I will e-mail the form and you can fax it back to me. My fax # is
212-765-1057. Thanks. JL
Jonathan S. Leopold
Senior Vice President-Investments
ISDA's interview is on Wednesday afternoon.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
How did it go?
(sorry for the spelling errors guys but I am rushing out the door because I am not feeling well.  If anyone needs to talk further with me, call me at home at 713-785-6152 in an hour.
Mark, 
Mike Fowler asked me to send you a note indicating tthat he wated to come by and see you about this contract.  As you may recall from our conversation last week, this is the agreement in which the counterparty absolutely refuses to give Enron any limitation of liability provisions.  I have asked the counterparty via email to reconsiderr this point about five times and the last request/email was not returned so I know they are not moving on this point.  Mark says it is up to you 
The counterparty -- SNL --  did negotiate/give on some other points which otherwise but the contract into compliance with any other material policies/guidelines; so it is otherwise a good contract for us.  For more information on the counterparty, see the note from Sheila Glover below, check out SNL's website or I can discuss further with you.
Cheryl,
In response to your questions.
Sheila
SNL is an Informational Service targeted for analysis of the Financial Services Industry.  The information provides historical financial and current analysis for Financial Services companies.  SNL is the only comprehensive provider of this information that we are aware of.  Financial Trading is trading a portfolio for Financial Services and requires a relevant research tool.
FACTSET is currently used.  However, FACTSET does not have the company coverage nor does it analyze financial services companies in a relevant way.  FACTSET is slanted more toward industrial firms 
The agreement is a subscription to the database for a one year term, requiring positive renewal.  The initial year term is $15,000 a year and the second year is capped at a 10% increase.
We do not use this service at the current time 
Sheila M. Glover
Sr. Director
Financial Trading Risk Management
EB3081a
Tel:   713-853-3210
Fax:  713-646-2196
Our agreements with EnronOnline customers prohibit us from sharing their names with third parties (i.e. non-Enron companies).  We can use our customer lists ourselves for marketing our products, but can not give the lists to anyone else.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
FYI
Attached is the most recent Sec. 562 proposal responding to FDIC's concerns.
Modifications include:
a) incorporation of  burden of proof language into statute. This language
was originally refrenced only in the legislative history language.(i.e if
the timing of the measurement of damages is challenged by the trustee, the
burden of proving that the measurement of the date of
liquidation,termination, acceleration would not be commercially reasonable
... etc. lies with the swap participant .. master netting participant 
b) additional legislative history language strengthening non-application of
Section 562 to FDIA (562 has no impact on contracts/agreements othern than
those specified in the section)
c) additional langauge in legislative history explaining that the need to
measuring damages prior to date of termination/liquidation/acceleration is
rare but will occur in unusual circumstances (language cites the
disapperance of the Kuwaiti Dinar after the 1990 invasion.
Please call if you have any questions.  Many thanks!
Stacy Carey
Policy Director
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY  10020
(212) 332-1202 ph
(212) 332-1212 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
Here is our proposal, based on yesterday's meeting (sorry you weren't
there).  We believe this is responsive to the concerns that were raised,
and hope that you agree.  I am circulating this to those at yesterday's
meeting for whom I have e-mail addresses;  I trust you will circulate to
others in the PWG.  Thanks Mike.
Sec. 562 - Timing of damage measurement in connection with [protected
contracts]
If the trustee rejects a [protected contract or agreement] or if [a
protected counterparty] liquidates, terminates, or accelerates such
contract or agreement, damages shall be measured as of the earlier of 
(1) the date of such rejection; or
(2) the date or dates of such liquidation, termination, or acceleration
unless:
(A)  there are not any commercially reasonable determinants of value
as of such date or dates, in which case such forward contract merchant,
stockbroker, financial institution, securities clearing agency, repo
participant, financial participant, master netting agreement participant,
or swap participant shall measure damages as of the earliest subsequent
date or dates on which there are commercially reasonable determinants of
value; or
(B) there are no determinants of value as of such date or dates, in
which case such forward contract merchant, stockbroker, financial
institution, securities clearing agency, repo participant, financial
participant, master netting agreement participant, or swap participant
shall measure damages as of the earliest date or dates after, or the latest
date or dates before, such date or dates on which there are commercially
reasonable determinants of value.
For the purposes of subsection (2), if damages are not measured as of the
date or dates of liquidation, termination or acceleration and the trustee
challenges the timing of the measurement of damages by a forward contract
merchant, stockbroker, financial institution, securities clearing agency,
repo participant, financial participant, master netting agreement
participant, or swap participant,  such forward contract merchant,
stockbroker, financial institution, securities clearing agency, repo
participant, financial participant, master netting agreement participant,
or swap participant has the burden of proving that there were no
commercially reasonable determinants of value or no determinants of value
as of such date or dates.
Legislative History:
Section 910 adds a new section 562 to the Bankruptcy Code providing that
damages under any swap agreement, securities contract, forward contract,
commodity contract, repurchase agreement or master netting agreement will
be calculated as of the earlier of (i) the date of rejection of such
agreement by a trustee or (ii) the date or dates of liquidation,
termination or acceleration of such contract or agreement.  Section 562
provides an exception to the rule in (ii) if there are no commercially
reasonable determinants of value as of such date or dates,  in which case
damages are to be measured as of the earliest subsequent date or dates
after such date or dates on which there are commercially reasonable
determinants of value, or if there are no determinants of value as of such
date or dates, in which case damages are to be measured as of the earliest
subsequent date or dates after such date or dates or the latest date or
dates before such date or dates on which there are commercially reasonable
determinants of value.  Although it is expected that in most circumstances
damages would be measured as of the date or dates of liquidation,
termination or acceleration, in certain unusual circumstances, such as
dysfunctional markets or liquidation of very large portfolios, there may be
no commercially reasonable determinants of value, and in other unusual
circumstances, such as war conditions, there may be no determinants of
value whatsoever.  Measuring damages as of a date or dates before the date
of liquidation, termination or acceleration will occur in very unusual
circumstances.  An example was the need to use the most recent available
information for the Kuwaiti Dinar after the virtual disappearance of the
currency after the invasion of Kuwait in 1990.
The non-bankrupt party is not given unlimited discretion to determine the
date as of which damages are to be measured.  Instead, its actions are
circumscribed unless there are no "commercially reasonable" determinants of
value (or no determinants of value whatsoever) for it to measure damages on
the date or dates of liquidation, termination or acceleration.  The
references to "commercially reasonable" are intended to reflect existing
state law standards relating to a creditor's actions in determining
damages.  New section 562 provides that if damages are not measured as of
the date or dates or liquidation, termination or acceleration and the
trustee challenges the timing of the measurement of damages by a forward
contract merchant, stockbroker, financial institution, securities clearing
agency, repo participant, financial participant, master netting agreement
participant, or swap participant, such forward contract merchant,
stockbroker, financial institution, securities clearing agency, repo
participant, financial participant, master netting agreement participant,
or swap participant has the burden of proving the absence of any
commercially reasonable determinants of value or any determinants of value,
as the case may be.
New section 562 is not intended to have any impact on the determination
under the Bankruptcy Code of the timing of damages for contracts and
agreements other than those specified in section 562.  Also, section 562
does not apply to proceedings under the FDIA, and it is not intended that
Section 562 have any impact on the interpretation of the provisions of the
FDIA relating to timing of damages in respect of QFCs or other contracts.
This message is being sent from a law firm and may contain information
which is confidential or privileged.  If you are not the intended
recipient, please advise the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete
this message and any attachments without retaining a copy.
We do know which companies use the system.  I don't know if that information is stored in a searchable format but there is definitely a customer database that has profiles stored for each customer and determines what they have access to on the system.  My guess is that the only way to answer the question is for someone to sit down with the list of all customers and try and figure out which ones are utilities -- a less than perfect process but one that would give you a ballpark number.
Notwithstanding our discussion about customer lists yesterday, does EOL have a central repository of users that we can search to find the answer to this question?
How many other utilities buy or sell on our system?
GP
Greg:  I wanted to make sure you knew about this.    I will continue to keep you in the loop on regulatory issues.    , Lisa
FERC rejected the request by PGE to modify the Code of Conduct so that they could buy on EnronOnline.  Basically, FERC did not believe that buying thru EnronOnline was a guarantee that consumers in Oregon would not be harmed 
FERC found that There is, for
example, no assurance that the posted prices on EnronOnline      represent prevailing market prices.
Applicants contend that, since PGE can transact with EPMI
via EnronOnline only at the posted price, there can be no
affiliate abuse.  We are not certain, however, that the posted
price necessarily represents the market price.  While, on the
surface, Enron Online may bear some resemblance to an index or an
auction, the posted prices for any product may not be the result
of a competitive market of multiple buyers and sellers; in fact,
for sales the posted prices represent what EPMI is willing to
sell at, and for purchases the posted prices represent what EPMI
is willing to buy at.
FERC left open the idea that PGE could re-file to fix the affiliate abuse.
As soon as we hear anything else, I'll let you know.
Jim
96 FERC    61, 093
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
Before Commissioners: Curt H*bert, Jr., Chairman;
William L. Massey, Linda Breathitt,
Pat Wood, III and Nora Mead Brownell.
Portland General Electric Company         Docket No. ER01-2097-000
Enron Power Marketing, Inc.                  Docket No. ER01-2103-000
ORDER REJECTING TARIFF AMENDMENTS WITHOUT           PREJUDICE
(Issued July 20, 2001)
In this order we reject, without prejudice, proposed
amendments of Enron Power Marketing, Inc. (EPMI) and Portland
General Electric (PGE) to their respective market-based rate
tariffs that would allow them to make inter-affiliate sales using
the EnronOnline trading platform.
I.   Background
On May 22, 2001, in separate filings, affiliates PGE in
Docket No. ER01-2097-000 and EPMI in Docket No. ER01-2103-000
(collectively Applicants) filed to amend their respective market-
based rate schedules to allow for inter-affiliate sales through
the EnronOnline trading platform, and to prohibit communication
among affiliates regarding the contents of prices posted on
EnronOnline or the times that PGE will be making trades on
1
EnronOnline.   This amendment does not supplant the existing
provisions of PGE's and EPMI's currently effective tariffs which
allow for inter-affiliate sales subject to conditions that the
Commission generally imposes on inter-affiliate sales where there
are captive customers, e.g., allowing a public utility to sell to
its affiliated power marketer only at a rate that is no lower
than the rate it charges non-affiliates, requiring simultaneous
offers to non-affiliates, or requiring use of a relevant,
established index.  Rather, PGE and EPMI propose to amend their
respective tariffs to add a provision by which they will make
1
The EnronOnline system is administered by Enron Networks,
an Enron Corp. subsidiary.  EnronOnline is a free, Internet-
based, transaction system which allows EPMI's customers to view
real time prices from EPMI's traders and transact instantly
online.  EnronOnline is not an EPMI application, but rather
EnronOnline is a trading platform used as a tool by EPMI in
buying from and selling power to third parties.
Docket Nos. ER01-2097-000 -2-
and ER01-2103-000
inter-affiliate sales via EnronOnline, with restrictions
different than those in place but that, they state, will still
prevent affiliate abuse.  Applicants state that the Commission's
requirements have become outdated due to recent developments in
electronic commerce and, in particular, the Commission's
requirement that "PGE post on its website notice of a potential
purchase or sale with EPMI prior to PGE entering into the
transaction with EPMI prohibits PGE from using EnronOnline, since
EnronOnline offers only instantaneous transactions that do not
provide for a waiting period before consummating the
2
transaction."   According to Applicants, this deprives PGE of the
ability to buy or sell power "from perhaps the largest marketer
3
in its region, to the detriment of PGE and its ratepayers."
II.  Notice of Filing and Interventions/Protests
Notices of the filings were published in the Federal
Register, 66 Fed. Reg. 29,939 (2001) (Docket No. ER01-2097-000),
and 66 Fed. Reg. 30,180 (2001) (Docket No. ER01-2103-000), with
motions to intervene and protests for both due on or before
June 12, 2001.  None was filed.
III. Discussion
The Commission allows power marketers and their public
utility affiliates to sell to one another at market-based rates
when it can be assured that there is no possibility of affiliate
abuse.  As the Commission has explained, affiliate abuse can
occur when a traditional public utility with captive customers
sells power at below-market prices to, or purchases power at
above-market prices from, an affiliate without captive customers
(such as a power marketer affiliate).  One way in which the
Commission has sought to prevent this type of cross-subsidization
by captive customers is to require the pricing of inter-affiliate
4
sales at an established, relevant market price or index.
Another way, when there is no assurance that the affiliates are
transacting at the prevailing market price, is to adopt various
conditions previously established by the Commission to prevent
5
affiliate abuse.
2
EPMI Application at 3; PGE Application at 4.
3
EPMI Application at 3; PGE Application at 4.
4
See, e.g., DPL Energy, Inc. 90 FERC   61,200 (2000);
accord, First Energy Trading Services, Inc., 88 FERC   61,067 at
61,156 (1999).
5
E.g., GPU Advanced Resources, Inc., 81 FERC   61,335 at
(continued 
Docket Nos. ER01-2097-000 -3-
and ER01-2103-000
Here, Applicants request that the Commission permit them to
use EnronOnline to make inter-affiliate sales, subject to the
following restrictions that they contend provide sufficient
protection against affiliate abuse.  PGE, when buying from EPMI
using EnronOnline, will be required to "take the transaction
price as posted that is generally applicable at a particular
6
location without attempting to negotiate any adjustment."   In
7
addition, PGE will be prohibited from submitting Limit Orders  or
engaging in any other type of transaction in which the identity
of the counter-party is revealed to EPMI prior to the transaction
being finalized.  Applicants also propose to amend their
respective codes of conduct to preclude any communication
regarding prices posted on EnronOnline.
Applicants contend such restrictions ensure no affiliate
abuse occurs since PGE will only be able to transact with EPMI at
5
(...continued)
62,539 (1997) (GPU); Detroit Edison Company, 80 FERC   61,348 at
62,197-98 (1997) (Detroit Edison).  In GPU, the Commission
allowed sales from a power marketer to its affiliated traditional
public utility at a rate that was no higher than the lowest rate
the public utility paid non-affiliates under certain standard
supplier agreements.  Accord, First Energy Trading & Power
Marketing, Inc., 84 FERC   61,214 at 62,037-38, reh'g denied, 85
FERC   61,311 (1998).  Detroit Edison provided that a traditional
public utility may sell power to its affiliated power marketer
only at a rate that is no lower than the rate it charges non-
affiliates; that the utility simultaneously offer through its
electronic bulletin board to sell to non-affiliates at the same
rate offered to its affiliate; and that all prices charged to the
affiliate be simultaneously posted on its electronic bulletin
board.  Accord, Jersey Central Power & Light Co., 82 FERC
61,023 at 61,071 (1998); Commonwealth Edison Co., 85 FERC
61,288 at 62,176-77 (1998).
6
EPMI Application at 4; PGE Application at 5.
7
In the case of a Limit Order on EnronOnline, EPMI would
know the identity of the customer requesting a price higher or
lower than that currently available.  Applications at 3.  While
Applicants do not define "Limit Order," the common understanding
is that, unlike a market order, which instructs a broker to
transact immediately at whatever price is currently available in
the marketplace, a limit order instructs a broker to fill the
order only if certain conditions are met.  Generally, a limit
order may be either a day order, in which case it expires when
the market closes if unfilled, or good-until-canceled, in which
case the limit order lasts until executed or canceled.
Docket Nos. ER01-2097-000 -4-
and ER01-2103-000
the posted price (a price that is offered to all market
participants) and there will be no transactions in which EPMI
knows that PGE is the counter-party before the transaction is
finalized.  Thus, Applicants contend that not only will PGE be
unable to negotiate special terms with EPMI through EnronOnline,
but EPMI will have no discretion to take actions which favor PGE.
Applicants further offer that procedures are performed by
computer and are not left to the discretion of any affiliate of
PGE.  In addition, because the EnronOnline price is posted
electronically and is available to all market participants,
Applicants state that PGE's customers have the opportunity to
transact with EPMI on EnronOnline on the same terms and
conditions that are available to PGE.
Applicants have failed to demonstrate that their proposed
restrictions provide the same protections afforded under the
Commission's affiliate abuse requirements and conditions (e.g.,
protection against PGE buying too high or selling too low in its
8
transactions with its affiliate EPMI).   The thrust of
Applicants' argument is that the Commission's affiliate abuse
concerns are satisfied by using EnronOnline, a public medium, for
selling power between affiliates.  We disagree.  While perhaps
faster and easier to use than phone calls, faxes, or letters, an
Internet-based platform is just another medium for trade, and
speed and ease of use do not dictate that the Commission's
affiliate abuse concerns have been satisfied.  There is, for
example, no assurance that the posted prices on EnronOnline
9
represent prevailing market prices.
Applicants contend that, since PGE can transact with EPMI
via EnronOnline only at the posted price, there can be no
affiliate abuse.  We are not certain, however, that the posted
price necessarily represents the market price.  While, on the
surface, Enron Online may bear some resemblance to an index or an
auction, the posted prices for any product may not be the result
of a competitive market of multiple buyers and sellers; in fact,
for sales the posted prices represent what EPMI is willing to
sell at, and for purchases the posted prices represent what EPMI
10
is willing to buy at.    For other transactions through media
other than EnronOnline, including other exchanges, EPMI might be
8
See supra notes 4-5 and accompanying text (citing cases
that discuss Commission's underlying concerns with affiliate
power sales).
9
See supra note 4 and accompanying text.
10
All transaction on EnronOnline involve EPMI as a
participant.  For sales, EPMI is the seller.  For purchases, EPMI
is the buyer.
Docket Nos. ER01-2097-000 -5-
and ER01-2103-000
11
willing to sell at lower prices and buy at higher prices.
Moreover, Applicants provide no information about how product
prices posted by EPMI are determined, or whether there would be
any restrictions on what products PGE could trade via
EnronOnline, or even whether there are other similar, but non-
affiliated, Internet-based venues where PGE can electronically
trade those products to attain similar benefits.
Having failed to convince us that these affiliates will be
transacting at a prevailing market price via EnronOnline, we now
turn to whether the Applicants have met other conditions
established by the Commission to prevent affiliate abuse.
Regarding transactions in which EPMI may be purchasing from PGE
through EnronOnline, there is nothing in the Applicants' proposed
restrictions that would require PGE to
simultaneously offer to sell to non-affiliates at the same rate
offered to the affiliate.  The Commission requires that, with
respect to any power offered to its affiliate, PGE make the same
offer to unaffiliated entities at the same time through its
electronic bulletin board.  But it is unclear whether PGE can or
will make the same offer to non-affiliates.
Applicants also offer as a protection that PGE is prohibited
from submitting Limit Orders, which would prevent EPMI from
knowing that PGE is the counter-party to a transaction.  Again,
this would not prevent EPMI from selling power to PGE at above-
market prices.
The Commission is not assured by the Applicants' proposal
that transactions between PGE and EPMI conducted via EnronOnline
will occur in a manner that is consistent with the Commission's
expectations regarding transparent and reasonable prices for
inter-affiliate power sales transactions.  There is, for example,
no provision in the proposed amendments regarding how
unaffiliated customers, or other interested parties, would
monitor inter-affiliate transactions.
For the above reasons, we will reject the proposed
amendments, without prejudice to Applicants revising their
proposal to address the Commission's concerns and incorporating
appropriate restrictions to protect against affiliate abuse.
11
Likewise, PGE might be willing to buy at lower prices and
sell at higher prices.
Docket Nos. ER01-2097-000 -6-
and ER01-2103-000
The Commission orders:
Applicants' proposed tariff amendments are hereby rejected,
without prejudice, as discussed in the body of this order.
By the Commission.
( S E A L )
David P. Boergers,
Secretary.
- portlandgeneralrejectingtariffsER012097_TXT.txt  
Had a great weekend and looking forward to next time.  Hope you made it back to town ok.  I had no problems but I think you should just assume that from the Newark airport it's at least 2.5 hours, probably a bit more.  The Avis lady didn't bat an eye; of course I stood towards the back of the car so she wasn't really looking at the front and there was a big line forming behind me so she was in a hurry.  Did the kids get away even close to on time?
Thanks again!
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
I'll let you guys decide who takes first crack at this one.
Mark, 
Attached is the EOL amend for Entergy-Koch (formerly Axia).  Janet has not seen this amendment either.
Stacy 
A spoon is a good start.  I think it's good as a cake frosting, as a filling between a couple of cookies, maybe spread on toast or even dissolved in coffee?  In Buenos Aires I remember it coming in a tiny little jar at breakfast along with the marmalade and honey -- goodness knows what they put it on.
So tell me....Exactly how do I eat the dulce de lece?  With a spoon?  Do I put it on other things?  Mix it in anything?  I don't want to waste any of it experimenting 
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
>> "Taylor, Mark E (Legal)"  Had a great weekend and looking forward to next time.  Hope you made it
back to town ok.  I had no problems but I think you should just assume
that from the Newark airport it's at least 2.5 hours, probably a bit
more.  The Avis lady didn't bat an eye; of course I stood towards the
back of the car so she wasn't really looking at the front and there was
a big line forming behind me so she was in a hurry.  Did the kids get
away even close to on time?
Thanks again!
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
- Linda Hayman.vcf  
Sure - just send me the numbers -- or maybe a website or two.  We run the risk that when you show up it's a crappy boat but then we'll know better the next time.
Do you actually have to be in Woodstock to find a boat to charter for a sunset cruise?  Could I send you some phone numbers or something.  If you aren't going to arrive until Saturday, we could waste a lot of time driving around to boat yards on the Hudson.  I think we should have a sunset cruise for 6.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
>> "Taylor, Mark E (Legal)"  Had a great weekend and looking forward to next time.  Hope you made it
back to town ok.  I had no problems but I think you should just assume
that from the Newark airport it's at least 2.5 hours, probably a bit
more.  The Avis lady didn't bat an eye; of course I stood towards the
back of the car so she wasn't really looking at the front and there was
a big line forming behind me so she was in a hurry.  Did the kids get
away even close to on time?
Thanks again!
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
- Linda Hayman.vcf  
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Sorry for the delay.  I will be out of town most of this week but could set up a time to talk on the phone if that works for you either Thursday afternoon or Friday morning.  Otherwise, how about Monday August 6 at 10:00, 2:00 or 3:00?
Mark,
Thank you very much for your e-mail I requested.  As it turns out I did not need it for Brad.
Brad did ask me to follow up on two items 
Item 1)  Brad was interested if we could share a list of people who visited the site.  So the users would obviously be a subset of this list.  Any thoughts on this matter?  If the customer visits would not work then 
Item 2)  Brad is interested in a workaround.  I shared the idea (at a high level) of a campaign to persuade the users to grant us permission to use their names. Brad wanted to be sure that several points would be addressed with whatever the workaround was.  His concerns are as follows: 1) we want to be as unobtrusive to the EOL customers as possible, 2) in any transaction we need to give the customer value, and 3)  the EOL customers would need to know how we would use the information if they did grant permission to share their data.
Suggested Action:
I would like to meet with you to talk further about any workarounds you might suggest which would address these issues.  After I have a clear understanding of your workaround which addresses the above issues I can then run it by Brad for his approval and then figure out who best to implement.
In this   do you think we could meet tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. (in your office) for 30 minutes to discuss?  If this time is not convenient for you please counter with some times that are convenient to you.
Thank you 
Jake
Our agreements with EnronOnline customers prohibit us from sharing their names with third parties (i.e. non-Enron companies).  We can use our customer lists ourselves for marketing our products, but can not give the lists to anyone else.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Sorry for the delay -- these look fine to me.
Mark,
I originally sent these letters for your review on July 11 after our discussion.  I don't have my "sent" email to resend to you, so I'm re-attaching the letters again below.  Your review of these is much appreciated.
Thanks.
Lisa
Lisa Lees
EnronOnline
713-853-6322
Can you add yourself to my rolodex?
Mark... if you need to get in touch with me tomorrow, here are my numbers:
Home:	713-522-0345
Cell:	713-594-3911
Have a great time in New York!
Holly Keiser
ENA - Legal
Phone: 713-345-7893
Fax: 713-646-3490
Location: EB 3887
Holly.Keiser@
This came from the EOL info web site as it is.  Maybe the PowerPoint experts can go there to get a better version?
Yes,  do you have a powerpoint version?
Chris
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Do you know anything about this?
Recently I have come into possession of copies of two (2) partially
executed documents between our companies, and I have been asked by my boss
to follow up to procure one (1) original of our Electronic Trading
Agreement and one (1) copy of our fully executed Password Application.
On January 3, 2000 our counsel, Elaine M. Walsh, both faxed and FedEx'd
three items to you--an EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement, Password
Application, and Customer Registration Form.  Again, if you would be so
kind as to forward one of the originals of the Trading Agreement and one
copy of the Password Application, I would greatly appreciate it.  If you
have, in fact, already returned an original to us way back when, I would be
grateful to receive a copy of this fully executed document.
Very many thanks.
Sincerely,
Elise M. Devlin
Administrative Assistant
Edison Mission Marketing & Trading, Inc.
(617) 912-6065
Joel 
I've taken a quick look at these and think that they are really more in the physical trading line than derivatives.  I'm trying to figure out who the physical metals trading lawyer is to take a look at them for you.
I am forwarding initial documents concerning an inventory finance transaction. 
Mark, I am distributing to your attention since the structure involves the buying/selling of inventory in a trading arrangement, and the documents are in some respects derived from an ISDA format. While this is a "financing" with a bank, and hence my involvement, there are trading aspects here as well. [Mike Robison is reviewing from the EWS business unit perspective.]If someone in your group should review, please advise.
Justin, I am distributing to your attention, since the choice of law is English, and you were involved in the prior Metals transaction that this is derived from. If someone else in London should review, please advise.
Please find attached first drafts of:
1 the Master Agreement;
2 the Forward Sale Agreement; and
3 the Agency Agreement.
For ease of review, I also attach:
1 the Master Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical metal
Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001);
2 the Forward Sale Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical
metal Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001); and
3 the Agency Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical metal
Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001);
Please note the following:
1. General
- I have drafted the agency and forward sale aspects previously contained in
the physical metal Master Agreement in separate agreements. In order to
ensure that these agreements are as distinct as possible, certain elements
of the physical metal Master Agreement (for example, conditionality of
Transactions/Call Options on hedging) may have to be included in a separate
side letter. 
- To the extent that I have insufficient details in relation to this
transaction, I have retained the structure of the physical metal Master
Agreement.
- These drafts have not been reviewed by Enron and therefore remain subject
to their comments.
2. Master Agreement
- As the Commodities will not be exchange traded, I have introduced the
concepts of "Reference Price" and "Pricing Date", which are similar to those
contained in the 1993 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions.
- Enron would like to be able to enter into Transactions/exercise Call
Options on non-Business Days.
- I have, where possible, avoided referring to the Agency Agreement and the
Forward Sale Agreement. However, one aspect of the Agency Agreement that
does remain in the Master Agreement is that of "Agency Costs", which is, in
some instances, an intrinsic element of pricing. This will need to be
discussed.
- I have removed the concept of "Minimum Value", which I understand will not
form part of this transaction.
- I understand that, due to the nature of the Commodities, there may be an
imbalance in the quantity sold and that delivered. Although the consequences
of this need to be discussed, I have introduced provisions to cater for this
(see Clauses 4.3 and 5.5.5).
3. Forward Sale Agreement
- I have attempted to make this agreement as distinct as possible from the
Agency and the Master Agreements.
- The pricing of the forwards needs to be discussed.
- I have removed "Credit Support Default" as an Event of Default.
4. Agency Agreement
- As with the Master and Forward Sale Agreements, I have attempted to make
this agreement as distinct as possible.
I look forward to discussing your comments and working with you on this
transaction.
Kind  
Deepak
Deepak Sitlani
Linklaters, London
A member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Tel: (44-20) 7456 2612
Fax: (44-20) 7456 2222
 
 
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________
I've checked with Alan and I think Mike R. is probably the right guy all the way around.
I am forwarding initial documents concerning an inventory finance transaction. 
Mark, I am distributing to your attention since the structure involves the buying/selling of inventory in a trading arrangement, and the documents are in some respects derived from an ISDA format. While this is a "financing" with a bank, and hence my involvement, there are trading aspects here as well. [Mike Robison is reviewing from the EWS business unit perspective.]If someone in your group should review, please advise.
Justin, I am distributing to your attention, since the choice of law is English, and you were involved in the prior Metals transaction that this is derived from. If someone else in London should review, please advise.
Please find attached first drafts of:
1 the Master Agreement;
2 the Forward Sale Agreement; and
3 the Agency Agreement.
For ease of review, I also attach:
1 the Master Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical metal
Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001);
2 the Forward Sale Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical
metal Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001); and
3 the Agency Agreement marked up to show changes against the physical metal
Master Agreement (as last amended on 21 May 2001);
Please note the following:
1. General
- I have drafted the agency and forward sale aspects previously contained in
the physical metal Master Agreement in separate agreements. In order to
ensure that these agreements are as distinct as possible, certain elements
of the physical metal Master Agreement (for example, conditionality of
Transactions/Call Options on hedging) may have to be included in a separate
side letter. 
- To the extent that I have insufficient details in relation to this
transaction, I have retained the structure of the physical metal Master
Agreement.
- These drafts have not been reviewed by Enron and therefore remain subject
to their comments.
2. Master Agreement
- As the Commodities will not be exchange traded, I have introduced the
concepts of "Reference Price" and "Pricing Date", which are similar to those
contained in the 1993 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions.
- Enron would like to be able to enter into Transactions/exercise Call
Options on non-Business Days.
- I have, where possible, avoided referring to the Agency Agreement and the
Forward Sale Agreement. However, one aspect of the Agency Agreement that
does remain in the Master Agreement is that of "Agency Costs", which is, in
some instances, an intrinsic element of pricing. This will need to be
discussed.
- I have removed the concept of "Minimum Value", which I understand will not
form part of this transaction.
- I understand that, due to the nature of the Commodities, there may be an
imbalance in the quantity sold and that delivered. Although the consequences
of this need to be discussed, I have introduced provisions to cater for this
(see Clauses 4.3 and 5.5.5).
3. Forward Sale Agreement
- I have attempted to make this agreement as distinct as possible from the
Agency and the Master Agreements.
- The pricing of the forwards needs to be discussed.
- I have removed "Credit Support Default" as an Event of Default.
4. Agency Agreement
- As with the Master and Forward Sale Agreements, I have attempted to make
this agreement as distinct as possible.
I look forward to discussing your comments and working with you on this
transaction.
Kind  
Deepak
Deepak Sitlani
Linklaters, London
A member firm of Linklaters & Alliance
Tel: (44-20) 7456 2612
Fax: (44-20) 7456 2222
 
 
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or
otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal
rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us know
by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________
Here's another which Janet hasn't seen yet.
Mark, 
Attached is the EOL amendment for Dynegy.  Janet is on vacation until next week.  She has not seen this amendment.
Stacy
I didn't see your name in any of these e-mails.  Do you get involved in Trade Commission issues?
The attached is a request that we received from the U.S. Trade Commission in connection with the pending 201 proceeding. We need to coordinate a response. Please review and I will coordinate a meeting to discuss.   Thanks,   Julia
as per phonecall 
Let's discuss
Greg
Dear Mr. Hermans:
The following are the questions I referred to in the the phone message of 
August 6.
1.  In what significant ways does Enron Online differ from the London Metal 
Exchange or the New York Mercantile Exchange in the trading of futures 
contracts (apart from the specific metals it trades) or from other on-line 
exchanges in the trading of physical metal?
2.  What are the most important benefits that a public exchange like Enron's 
brings to the steel industry?
3.  Does Enron have a trade clearing mechanism to guarantee the 
creditworthiness of suppliers and customers?
4.  Why have some on-line steel trading sites failed?
5.  Are there particular problems in trading steel on-line versus oil, 
agricultural products, or any of the other products that are successfully 
traded on-line?
Any information you are able to supply would be greatly appreciated.
Vincent DeSapio
U.S. International Trade Commission
500 E. Street, SW
Washington, DC 20436
202-205-3435 (phone) 
E-ticket is ok.
AGENT AA/LD BOOKING REF ZQ2B3N
EB 3889
DATE:  AUG 07 2001
SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  01SEP HOUSTON TX     NEWARK NJ      940A    221P
CO 206     Q          SAT   G.BUSH INTERCO NEWARK INTL
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:41 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-500
SEAT 08D NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARKE(ID
CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  19SEP NEWARK NJ      HOUSTON TX     450P    740P
CO 63      Q          WED   NEWARK INTL    G.BUSH INTERCO
TERMINAL C     TERMINAL C
SNACK                         NON STOP
RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:50 DURATION
AIRCRAFT: MCDONNELL DOUGLAS DC-10 ALL SERIES
SEAT 19B NO SMOKING CONFIRMED TAYLOR/MARKE(ID
MISCELLANEOUS         17JAN HOUSTON TX
THU   ** THANK YOU FOR USING THE TAP 
RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/VHYLT4
TAYLOR/MARKE  S0C0413R1056
CO  FREQUENT FLYER COSC471253
CONTINENTAL LOCATER (VHYLT4)
FARE/$172.85/NON REFUNDABLE/NOT GUARANTEED TILL TICKETED
Mark and Bob:
Attached please find the revised license agreement, together with a
redline showing the changes that were made.  Specifically I added the right
of the licensee to distribute the data formats to facilitate communication
with the licensee.  And I removed bracketed questions and language.
If you have any questions or require any further assistance, please
let me know.
Ted Stockbridge
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
(713) 758-1032
++++++  - Final License Agreement for Data Formats.DOC 
- Redline.rtf 
Monday afternoon is much better for me.
John Shelk and Chris Long from the Washington, DC office will be in Houston Monday, August 13th and Tues., Aug. 14th.  They would like to arrange a time that is good for all of you to discuss Enron OnLine.
Here are the best available times for Chris and John:
Monday afternoon anytime between 3-5pm
or
Tues. 8-10am
Please let me know what time works best. for everyone.
Thanks!
Carin Nersesian
Legislative Coordinator
Enron Corp.
1775 Eye St. NW, Suite 800
Washington, DC   20006
202-466-9144 (ph.)
202-828-3372 (fax)
Is this something you are still handling?
Mark 
Could I please be added to the distribution list for executed ISDA agreements?
Thank you.
Deirdre McCaffrey 
x39685
kpmg
Turning Knowledge into Value for the benefit of its Clients, People and Communities
Charles A. Fishkin
Advisory Services Practice
Capital Markets, Risk Management, Treasury Risk
PHONE        212. 954.6211
FAX                212.954. 7250
E-MAIL        cfishkin@kpmg.com  
KPMG LLP
757 Third Ave.
New York New York 10017
Helping Organizations and Individuals achieve their objectives in the New Economy through measuring performance, managing risks and leveraging knowledge
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Here are the forms for the paralegals.  I didn't have Marie on my list since she was with EBS reviewed her for the first half of the year.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
The project for converting our Lotus Notes database to Oracle is now underway.  The technical people need a list of the upgrades we want as soon as possible.  Tana will be stopping by within the next few days to solicit your input.  Please give this some thought now so that you can be ready with suggestions for her.
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Thanks for a great weekend.  Don's family was a lot of fun and what an incredible guest list for lunch!  I wish I could have been better company 
Love, 
Mark
I was looking through my e-mails for these and couldn't find them.  Have you guys already started these?  I may have misplaced them.  Please coordinate with Sara since I will be out next week.
Thanks!
Mark
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
(713)853-7459
Please call me:
(713)853-7459
Hi Justin -- I'm afraid I don't really know what this is all about.  It sounds like it might be something the tax people should be doing.  Can you fill me in? 
Hi Mark
I wonder whether you could pass this on to one of your guys (maybe mark greenberg, or whowever drafted the EOL cost sharing agreement)
many thanks
j
Justin - did the below by in document ever get drafted.  If so can I have a copy for my files.
If not - what is the status?
Jason
jason.  in response:
thanks
justin
Justin,
When we last met you were going to look at a couple of for things for me, these were:
1 - Who is the legally owner of all residual rights attaching to EOL intangible? and
2 - What documentation is need to introduce a buy in participant to the agreement and then draft such document.
Could you let me know the status of both these items.  FYI - the items are needed for the US tax return (which cannot be filed without them) which is being filed in the next week or so. Accordingly, we need to execute and send to US for inclusion before this deadline - ideally I would like to do early next week.
Thanks for your help on this one.
Jason 
Mark, per our conversations, please forward this to Kate Cole to show your approval.
Kate,
1.  Please create a new Entity Group in the Secretariat database called EWS - NETWORKS and update the database to reflect that the below-listed entities are in that group:
Clickpaper.com, L.L.C. *(TX)
CommodityLogic LLC
DealBench L.L.C. * (TX)
Enron Net Works Investments, L.L.C. *(TX)
you are dying to do.
See you soon!
_____
Pam Macaul
Information Developer
713.918.3938
2.1427A
_____
(See attached file: bmc_logo.gif)
(See attached file: comp26(1).gif)
i guess we know why it tanked now -- i wonder if we really did conduct illegal transactions - at this point - i would believe anything - this sucks -- we have an employee meeting tomorrow - everyone is waiting to here what lay has to say
the 14th is much better for me as we already have plans on the 7th
The two dates to choose from are December 7 and December 14 both on Fridays due to company Christmas party conflicts. 
We have decided to do it at two houses with heavy hors 'd vours, dessert and drinks.  The progressive dinner format takes too long and this will allow us to actually play   with our husbands. 
Please Email me your date preference and I will get back with you on the date chosen and I will get back to you with all the other details. 
I don't think you would really want to be here right now anyway.  Not the best environment - besides - you hate Houston, right?  Have you gotten any other leads?
thanks for the pics, 
your doucheboy H.R. guy evaporated like a fart in the wind.  he must have realized how underqualified i am.
_____  
sounds like you have some good prospects - if you can land something decent in this economy then i think you're doin okay.  good luck - keep me updated.
indeed i did not enjoy my time in houston but put me in the caboose of the enron express and i think i could put up with it for another year.....  just got off a phone interview with arthur andersen for a commodities analyst positioin in chicago, went pretty well i guess.  I also have head hunters trying to get me into AEP and a friend at Aquila trying to backdoor me at that joint.  i could be moving my shit just about anywhere in the next few weeks.
_____  
okay - so here's the deal - ugh - i hate to say this but we may have to postpone again.  pat's parents were supposed to come last weekend and they didnt because pat's dad was sick, so they are thinking of coming this weekend instead.  they usually leave pretty early on sunday, but with your time constraints with the foleys thing - i dont know if we'll be able to squeeze it in the middle.  i'll let you know if anything changes - if not, it may be back to the drawing board.
i saw terra, di ,and nicole this weekend in austin - it was great to hang out with nicole if only for a little bit  
how's john's job search going?  it's pretty rough out there - i've been thinking about you guys alot, hoping he can get something soon.
anyway - i'll let you go -- take care.
What a cutie!  Will I be able to see her in person on the 28th?  You are
welcome to bring her!
Are you still up for next Sunday.  If so....ya'll could plan on coming at
12:30 or so.  We can cook out and also take a tour of the canals on our
little boat if ya'll are up for it and ...... if the weather cooperates.
If Erin isn't ready for her boat rides we can take turns going!
John and I have to go to Memorial City that night for a opening party.
It's casual, but we would need to start getting ready around 4 or so!
What do you think?
Cathy
i think it's going to be virtually impossible for me to skip out early on afternoon meetings for a while.  So, i may end up having to be here til 5 on days that we have the bigger  ones.  this sucks but i think i just have to out up with it for a while.  you okay with this?
insiders starting to buy here 
ok - so it looks like pats mom has to work on sunday so i guess it's back on - we should be able to get there at about 12:30.  what do you want me to bring?
Let me know if anything changes with the parental visit.  I'm sure we can
find another time.
You're right...it is rough out there on the job search front.  He's still
keeping a positive attitude though, so hopefully something will work out
soon.
I talked to Diane for a quick minute, and she said that she had a lot of
fun in Austin.  I miss Nicole!
Cathy
Okay, here's what you're supposed to do... and try not to be LAME and
spoil the fun. Just give in. Copy (not forward) this entire e-mail and paste
it onto a new e-mail that you will send. Change all of the answers so that
they apply to you. Then, send this to a bunch of people you know
*INCLUDING* the person who sent it to you. The theory is that you will learn a lot of    little known facts about your friends. It is fun and easy.
**Remember to send it back to the person who sent it to you 
1.      What time is it: 10:30am
2.      Name as it appears on your birth certificate: Tori Denise Hatter
3.      Nicknames  - T
4.      Parent's names:  Bob and Donna
5.      Number of candles that appeared on your last birthday cake:  30 (ACK!)
6.      Date that you regularly blow them out:  September 15
7.      Pets:  ALLERGIES
8.      Height: 5'5
9.     Eye color:  Blonde
10.    Hair color:  Green
11.    Piercing:  2 ears only 
12.    Tattoos:   0
13.    How much do you love your job?  Less than I did a year ago
14.    Birthplace:   Houston, TX
15.    Hometown:   same
16.    Current residence:   same
17.    Been in love before?:  Yes
18.    Been to Africa? :  too many diseases
19.    Loved somebody so much it made you cry?  Yes
20.    Been in a car crash? :  Yes
21.    Croutons or Bacon Bits ? :  Bacon - mmmmmmmm
22.    Coffee or Coffee ice cream? :   coffee 
23.    Dumper or Dumped? :  Dumper
24.    Salad Dressing?: BLeu Cheese
25.    Color of socks:  white - with tennis shoes
26.    Best root: no clue what this means
27.    Movie: Good Will Hunting - for Matt not Ben
28.    Favorite line From A Song: good question
29.    Fave holiday:    Christmas
30.    Favorite Foods:  Mashed potatoes - with white gravy
31     Favorite day of the week:   Sunday - relax and spend time with my baby girl
32.    Song at the moment:  Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash - dont ask
33.    Favorite TV shows:  Friends, The Practice
34.    Toothpaste:  Crest Whitening
35.    Restaurant:   Mark's for upscale -- Houstons for regular dinner
36.    Flowers:   hmmmm -- its been a while - but i love white roses
37.    Least favorite song:  anything by britney spears
38.    Fast Food place:  Whataburger, TACO BELL
39.    When was your last hospital visit?  June 7, 2001 -- Erin's birthday!
40.    Favorite drink:  Red wine
41.    What color is your bedroom carpet?:   tan
42.    How many times did you fail your Drivers License test? 1 - a most traumatic experience
43.    What do you think of Ouija boards?  never used one - dont plan to
44.    Where do you see yourself in 10 years?:  at home in Katy - being a PTA mom
45.   Who is the last person that you got E-mail from before this
one: my friend Cathy - about getting together this weekend
46.    Which single store would you choose to max your credit card:
i havent been shopping in so long - anything would do
47.    What do u do most often when u are bored?:  Watch TV, nap
48.    What words or phrases do you overuse?:  "why wouldnt i?"
49.    Name the person that you are friends with that lives the
farthest:   Rachel - NYC
50.    Best Things:   My baby girl, family, great friends
51.    Bedtime?: if i'm not in bed by 10 - i'm useless
52.    Who will respond to this the fastest?   susan
53.    Who is the person you sent this to that is least likely to
respond?  I hope everyone does
i met with chris today and i think we are going to try something else before we go forward with these - you can get with him for the details - thanks
Attached is the Transaction report for the spread deals I had sent for your review.  Please let me know what else I can do to get this approved. 
Thanks,
Melba
ok - my opinion - i think signs are enough but am not opposed to pitching in for an ad, i will try my best to come over friday night but if i cant - what time will you be up on saturday?
Hello All!
Just wanted to give you guys an update.  The weather looks good for the
garage sale this weekend.  So that is a good thing 
If you want to bring your stuff by Friday evening, that might be a good plan
for us all to get things set up.  That way all we have to do saturday
morning is drag the tables out of the garage.  Also, I do not have a rack
for hanging clothes, so they will have to be folded or hung on the fence.
How about coming over friday evening around 630-7pm.  Also, if you have any
card tables, please bring them.  I have one and am borrowing two from my
parents.  But I am sure we may need a couple of more.
I bought a couple of garage sale signs on Monday and plan to put them out on
the main street, South Braeswood.  Another idea would be for us to take out
an ad in the greensheet.  Someone told me they cost around $15.  I am in the
process of getting some info as to the exact cost and will let you know when
i get the info confirmed. I am leaving that up to the majority vote as to
whether we all chip in for the add or not.  I think it may be worth it, some
people look for those adds and spend all day saturday doing garage sales.
But whatever you guys think
The hours of the Sale will be from 7am-1230ish.  I think by then whatever
doesn't sale either goes home or to goodwill.  I know some of you cant be
there all day or right at 7am, but I will need some help so let me know what
time you plan on coming over that morning.
Ok, so to summarize all my chatter, 3 questions, 1:  do we take out an ad in
the greensheet?   2: are you coming over friday to set up? and 3:  what time
will you be there on sat?
See ya
Jennifer  
i have a table and chairs, coffee table, vacuum cleaner, pictures, dishes, thats about it i think
you are the first to reply. So I will let you know about the consensus on
the ad thing 
We will probably be up around 615 on Saturday.  I don't plan on fixing
myself up for the event.  Probably just throw on some shorts and a hat 
So if you can't make it Friday, then let me know what time you were thinking
on Saturday.  No big deal, just wanted to mention that we would be home on
friday evening for those who wanted to bring the stuff over that night.
So what all do you have for the sale??
I have a coffee table, end table, typewriter, stereo speakers and then some
other misc stuff.
Jen
Jennifer
ok - my opinion - i think signs are enough but am not opposed to
pitching in for an ad, i will try my best to come over friday night but
if i cant - what time will you be up on saturday?
Hello All!
Just wanted to give you guys an update.  The weather looks good for the
garage sale this weekend.  So that is a good thing 
If you want to bring your stuff by Friday evening, that might be a good
plan
for us all to get things set up.  That way all we have to do saturday
morning is drag the tables out of the garage.  Also, I do not have a
rack
for hanging clothes, so they will have to be folded or hung on the
fence.
How about coming over friday evening around 630-7pm.  Also, if you have
any
card tables, please bring them.  I have one and am borrowing two from my
parents.  But I am sure we may need a couple of more.
I bought a couple of garage sale signs on Monday and plan to put them
out on
the main street, South Braeswood.  Another idea would be for us to take
out
an ad in the greensheet.  Someone told me they cost around $15.  I am in
the
process of getting some info as to the exact cost and will let you know
when
i get the info confirmed. I am leaving that up to the majority vote as
to
whether we all chip in for the add or not.  I think it may be worth it,
some
people look for those adds and spend all day saturday doing garage
sales.
But whatever you guys think
The hours of the Sale will be from 7am-1230ish.  I think by then
whatever
doesn't sale either goes home or to goodwill.  I know some of you cant
be
there all day or right at 7am, but I will need some help so let me know
what
time you plan on coming over that morning.
Ok, so to summarize all my chatter, 3 questions, 1:  do we take out an
ad in
the greensheet?   2: are you coming over friday to set up? and 3:  what
time
will you be there on sat?
See ya
Jennifer  
sounds great
With most of the email responses back, the consensus is that there is no consensus.  Half of the people can make it on the 7th, and the other half can make it on the 14th.  Since we cannot get the majority of the people together, I suggest that we have a beginning of the New Year party with the significant others sometime in January.  Please let me know if this is OK with you. 
Thanks, 
Kim 
yeah - last week was just a case of bad timing - come back soon!
too cute!!!!!  Hopefully I'll get to see her in person soon.
sorry I missed you in Houston last week - I'll call you.
Scotty
updated pics of erin for your enjoyment
_________________________________________________________________
Great Pictures!  Too bad you have to go back to real life.  Anything new on the job search?
see - great minds think alike   from corporate security
Late on October 25th, we received information about a nonspecific threat to the Enron Center.  We communicated with law enforcement officials who found the threat unsubstantiated and without merit.  Nonetheless we take all threats seriously and have increased the security presence at the Enron Center still further We just refinanced this past Monday.  We were going to do a 15 year at 6%,
but changed our minds and decided to do the 30 year again, but could only
get 6-5/8% (still much better than the 8% we had before).  We are still
going to pay on it like a 15 year mortgage, but the 30 years gives us
flexibility to make the lower payment in case of an emergency.  5.75% sounds
really good -- do you have to pay points to get it that low?  I like 15 year
loans for the interest rate, but like 30 year loans for the flexibility it's really a matter of personal choice.  That's why we went with the 30
year and will pay like a 15 -- it costs a little more (due to int rate) than
a straight 15 year mortgage, but is kind of an insurance policy because you
only have to pay the small 30 year payment.  Sorry to hear about the golf
membership.  I know how much you enjoyed that.  We have focused this entire
year on paying down debt, so we really haven't saved anything other than
401k and ESPP.  However, we payed off my student loans back in March and
will pay off the car next month (yeah!!).  After next month, our only debt
will be the house.
We are just glad that Tori is up this year and was up last year in her book.
Basically, her desk has agreed to put their head down and make as much money
as possible.  That way, if the axe starts falling, it falls somewhere else. 
The employees in general are disgusted with upper management and would
prefer for all of them to be replaced.  Who knows, if the stock remains too
low you would have to consider the possibility of a hostile takeover (i.e.,
GE, Exxon etc..).  All speculation of course.  In short, we have lost alot
of money and are making changes in our finances to accomodate in future
issues.  No more golf membership 
We are considering refinancing again at 5.75 for 15 years.  It saves us 160K
over the life of the loan.  Any thoughts on 15yr mortgages?
Not much going on.  I am hoping CPN stays low for about another 5 weeks so I
can load up with my ESPP $.  I get a 15% discount on the price on the last
day of Nov.  How are things going with Tori over at Enron -- it sounds like
they are in a bad situation over there.
Loaded the boat this morning in the low 23 range.  Go CPN 
Anything new with you guys.  I could have bought a house with the monies we
lost ENE stock options - just kidding of cours.
Still in the process of refinancing - we should close in a couple of weeks.
Susan doesn't want to start trying for a baby until after the holidays.  The
answer to your Calpine question is a little complex, but the short and
simple answer is the following:
1.  Although there is a lot of new power coming online, most companies are
not accounting for the fact that a lot of the old generation will be
displaced by the new generation (i.e. the new generation is much cheaper to
operate, so it will "win" the battle in the end).
2.  New power generation has not kept up with the growth of the 80's and
90's - plain and simple, this is a fact.  However, if we go into a
long-lived recession, some of the growth will erode.
3.  A lot of the current plans for more generation will not materialize.
Many companies will shut down plans to build more generation because of
fears of over-building.  Whoever gets the new generation on the ground first
will force the other companies to back off.  In the 80's, Calpine's CEO
recognized the fact that there would be a lack of power in the US by the
late 90's and into the 2000's.  Therefore, he bought call options from the
major turbine producers (GE, Westinghouse, etc.) which gives us the rights
to a large portion of the turbines that are currently being built and will
be built over the next few years 
Jake,
What does Calpine see that the rest of the world doesn't when it comes to
power?   Calpine keeps building-out to produce more power and the so called
"experts" indicate there is a glut of power coming out.  I don't
understand..   Any thoughts?
I heard you guys refinanced the house :).   I hope everything is going well
over at CPN.   Any new developments on the Baby front or are you guys just
still practicing 
Patrick Kuykendall
Senior IT Auditor
WM Internal Audit Services
(713) 265-1216
Is this what I have to look foward too??
Jen
  >>   > > One afternoon a man came home from work to find total mayhem
in
 his
  >>house.
  >>  His three children were outside, still in their pajamas, playing
in
the
  >>mud,
  >>  with empty food boxes and wrappers strewn all around the front
yard.
  >>   > > The door of his wife's car was open, as was the front door
to
the
  >>house.
  >>  Proceeding into the entry, he found an even bigger mess.  A lamp
had
  >>been
  >>  knocked over, and the throw rug was wadded against one wall. In
the
  >>front
  >>room
  >>  the TV was loudly blaring a cartoon channel,
  >>  and the family room was strewn with toys and various items of
clothing.
  >>   > > In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, breakfast food was
spilled