That sounds cool.  We talk more later.
Sounds good. Is it still ok if my brother and sister in law buy your tickets
and you sit with me. More beer money for you.
EB3883.  See you tommorrow.
- stress.jpg
So in other words, a typical night in the Gillaspie household, except for the 
sex.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/20/99 05:14:55 PM
Date: October 20, 1999
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
Dis is fargon war!!  I take it the SCUBA crack was intended for me, since I
seem
to be the only non-gunner in the group.  I'll tell you what I did last night;
I
ate a whole pizza by myself, drank 5  40's of OE, had 17 camels, and then had
sex with my wife!!
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/20/99 04:30:16 PM
Date: October 20, 1999
Tonight I plan to hit Galveston bay for an open water-simulation swim and I
also intend to travel to SeaWorld in San Antonio this weekend to sneak into
their killer whale tank.
Oh, and did I mention the bitchin' new speedo I purchased?
-Ryan "sleeps with the fishes" Ruppert
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
Attached is the agreement with my markups.  Both clean and redlined.
Attached is a clean and redline version of the revised agreement.  Dan has 
not had a chance to review all the new language, but in the interest of time, 
I am sending this out for review.
I know he's not actually planning to crack the seal on that book and to 
sponge off us, so I have been feeding him bad information all week.  I can't 
wait until Kristi asks, "What could happen if you don't properly equalize and he answers, "You could have painful flatulence for 6 months."
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/21/99 02:11:44 PM
Date: October 21, 1999
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
What time is the tailgate kicking off?  I am still driving in on Saturday 
morning.  Not sure if I have any 70s stuff, but I will take a look.  Need a 
tie dye 
Gerald,
If you have any 70's clothes bring it. The tailgate has a 70's theme and
will have a dj and everything. It's going to be a blast. Are you still
coming in on Saturday?
George T.
I feel your pain brother.  I only about halfway through Section 1.   I 
haven't picked up the book in a while.  I will have to catch up on Sunday 
because I will be in Austin on Saturday watching the Horns crushed the angry 
red menace 
Is there a cliff notes version of this book??
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/22/99 11:06:27 AM
Date: October 22, 1999
What page are you on--and don't lie.  I thought this class was going be like
"just show up" and you pass--All this bookwork is BS!  All I need is a knife,
C4, waterproof fuse, and a wetsuit, baby.
-Ryan
Ryan F. Ruppert
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
Ph:  713.935.6171
Fx:  713.935.6041
Attached are clean and redline versions of my revisions to the 
Confidentiality Agreement.
Please Note:
1.  I am not sure is the paragraph concerning US Technical Data is 
necessary.   If it is, what are we receiving and what type of obligations 
would we have?
2.  Need to get as specific as possible concerning the project in the first 
paragraph.
I will be in a due diligence this afternoon and most of tommorrow.  I will be 
checking voice mail.
Paul_Pfeffer@bakerbotts.com on 10/25/99 11:35:22 AM
G-money
Send me that internet address of the site posting the bar results please.
Let the fretting begin.
Paul
Yes, I did receive it.  I have been out of the office on a due diligence the 
last couple of days.  I will review and get back to you tommorrow.  Thanks.
Michael J Legler@
10/26/99 10:03 AM
Mr. Nemec,
Did you receive the latest WIC supplement dated 10/12/99 I read it and didn't have any problems with it. It gives us VOLUMETRIC firm 
rights at 80% of the max. recourse rate on the excess ramp up volumes.
Let me know.
Mike
Ted,  Attached is a revised draft of a letter.  Please review and let me know 
if you have any comments.  Please note the following with respect to this 
issue:
1.   We should make sure we have performed a gas analysis at each producers 
delivery point and are sure they are creating or contributing to the quality 
problem.  I recommend attaching such gas analysis to this letter.
2.  The BRG Petroleum Corp. contract doesn't give us any cause to send this 
letter.  The contract requires BRG to meet the quality specs. of the the 
pipeline which receives the gas downstream of the Point of Delivery on the 
Confirm.  Such Point of Delivery is at the wellhead and HPL is the downstream 
pipe.  HPL's specs (unless they have changed, don't have a limitation on gas 
richness).
3.  The Texlan letter will be slightly modified from the attached, since we 
will reference Force Majeure.
4.  Do we have a accurate list of producer names and address?  If you are 
okay with the letter, I can have a        paralegal prepare the letters with 
addresses.
Can you please pull the referenced contract and lets discuss.
Gerald,
Due to some changes in our business, we are needing to amend the current 
transportation contracts for HPL transporting on HPL.  We will need to amend 
the current 012-41500-02-003 contract, covering the transportation cost from 
a particular wellhead all the way to Houston Ship Channel, to become two 
contracts, one we call the "gathering agreement" (covering transportation 
cost from the wellhead to a competitive supply curve like Thompsonville zone 
or Agua Dulce zone) and then another agreement we call "marketing 
transportatin agreement" (covering transportation cost from the competitive 
supply curve to Houston Ship Channel).
We need these amendments to be effective as soon as possible since we are 
targeting making the administrative changes effective during November 
production month.  I tried to call you but was not able to be connected to 
your voice mail.
I would like to sit down with you in the next couple of days to discuss this 
change and what we need to do to have the agreements changed and the new 
gathering agreement put into place.  Please respond via email or call at 
3-1836 to discuss this issue further.  Thanks!
Heidi Withers
Remember the line Clint gave when the bounty hunter wanted to take him back 
and he told Clint he we just trying to make a living.
Clint responded "Dying ain't much of a livin boy!"
Remember that.  That was awesome.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/26/99 11:58:45 AM
Date: October 26, 1999
I think we all know what ballot to drop, don't we?
-Ryan
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
T minus 10 days?
Your welcome.  Maybe drinks and moonpies.  Sound good?  Maybe next week We'll talk after the legal boondoggle.
Thanks for your help.  Let's go to lunch sometime or just drinks after work 
if you can fit it in to your schedule.  MJJ
I will be in the Woodlands til probably around 7:30, but could meet you guys 
at that time. Where and when?  The Mausoleum?
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 10/27/99 04:00:56 PM
Date: October 27, 1999
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
Gerald,
Manuel Lojo's email is down this AM.  I am sending his modifications to the 
document.
Bob Stamp
- att1.htm
- 7CAPACITY LEASE3RED.doc
Please see attached.
FYI
These are the changes as they were forwarded to me
1.Interconnect
1st sentence    consist of an meter      Change to:consist of a meter
4th sentence    The Acacia Pipeline(the "Interconnect")
change to: the Acacia Pipeline at the Interconnect
3. Reimbursement of Costs
2nd sentence  and construction of the Interconnect  Change to:and the 
construction of the Acacia Facility
5. Operation
Item II Last sentence  Add:transfer measurement of the gas for the Gas 
Purchase
Item iii   Second sentence  Insert:are equal to gas purchasers 
nomimnations
Item iv   Last sentence  Delete: monthly  change to:continuous
Item VIII second sentence  Change from low case to high case  Gas 
Purchase Agreement
10. Term
First sentence  This agreement    Insert:This interconnect agreement
Second sentence  Upon cessation of deliveries of gas through the 
Interconnect: We need to put some time talbe in this agreement that it will 
not terminate unless we don't flow gas for a period of time.
MY COMMENTS
Interconnect 4th sen        Do we really want to change a definition?  Or did 
we accidentally define this twice?
Operations  second sen    NO-  It is HPLC that will be nominating the gas, so 
why would we try to balance with a nom that they are not making as the 
PURCHASER.  The buy/sell agreement should handle the volume in the attachment 
of a confirm that will go out as the deals are negotiated over a short term 
basis.
Item iv  instead of inserting continuous, we should say "analyzed monthly because we will already have a proportional to flow sampler on it.
Finally, I am not happy with the language on the term.....I do not think that 
we should now name a term, otherwise, termination whould go with the new 
contract sent out.
Well, call if you get a chance to conference!  713-851-3815  cell
1-800-975-7927 pager
Thanks Eric...I will pick up some moonpies out on the road.
MJ
- att1.htm
Mark Courtney
11/02/99 10:02 AM
Just a reminder, guys.  Keep your calendars open!
Mark
Hello fellow Rice Alums (and other generous benefactors)!
It's that time again.....Rice 1999 Homecoming.  And we all know what that
means, don't we 
That's right, the complete and utter chaos at the
Tenth Annual
Bump, Stan, Kirk, Tim, Hugh, Mark2 and Jim??Rice Homecoming Tailgate Party??The day:  Saturday, November 13, 1999??The time:  10:00 am till the beer's gone (plan on using your headlights?when?you leave)??Where:  Rice Stadium Parking Lot--Entrance 12 off of Rice Boulevard??The game:  Uh, I think we're playing tackle football in that big stadium?thingie at 1 pm, but I haven't bothered to find out against who yet (or for?the last nine years either).??But, as you all know, we do this without the help of the University (well,?okay, this year they're supplying Veldtman).  So why are you getting this?message??.....?.....?.....?We need you!??As we move from renegade tailgaters to officially recognized renegade?tailgaters, we find ourselves with the peculiar circumstance of having to?pre-fund the party, leaving behind the treasured Rice tradition of begging?money from the party participants at the party itself.??We hate this. I mean, we really, really hate this.??Instead of waiting until everybody's drunk and generous, we have to hope?that you're sitting here reading this, half-schnookered on cheap mescal,?too?drunk to find the bathroom in time, but still coherent enough to work a pen?and write a check.??You know the score -- parties happen because people make them happen. In?years past, we've managed to find enough Jagermeister-blasted friends to?agree to sponsor a keg. This year will be no different -- we will find?enough sponsors, but only if you cooperate by getting yourselves drunk for?us...??One bonus of sponsoring a keg -- you will be officially recognized at the?party, and you will receive a commemorative certificate, suitable for?framing. We are also accepting ideas for other expressions of our?gratitude...??Since the alumni office has been perceptive enough to notice that everybody?goes to this party, they've decided to list us on their brochure, and we?thought we'd take a page from their book and institute different levels of?giving to this oh-so-worthy cause.??As a result, we have developed the following levels which correspond?roughly?to the Alumni Office's levels:???$15?Fajita Fund: Members of this society contribute to enable Chef Gustas to once ?again delight the party goers with his culinary expertise.??$30?Beer Fund: Since each keg costs sixty dollars, many of our recent alumni ?choose to sponsor half a keg, and they share credit on the keg itself with ?another Beer Funder.??$60?Sponsor's Fund: Sponsors are the backbone of the annual giving for the ?Tailgate Party. Each Sponsor has undertaken the responsibility of sponsoring ?an entire keg for the party. Without the Sponsors, the Homecoming Tailgate ?Party tradition would not be able to continue as it has.??$????Founders' Society: This society is sort of like a cult....Nobody is really ?sure how they got there, and no one seems to know how or why they stay. But ?in truth, each Founder agrees to contribute his portion of whatever expenses ?remain after all other Funds gifts have been spent. These Members are not ?independently wealthy, however, which is why all of the Funds and their ?contributors are so important to the ultimate success of the Tailgate Party.??We are really late getting this message out this year, but we promise that ?this year will be even bigger and better than last year's blowout.  And as ?such, please get those checks in now!  And if you're gonna contribute,?please e-mail Tim Graves to let him know (he's the budget guy) at ?ttgraves@msn.com?so that we can tell the beer guys.??Send your much needed support to:??Tim Harvey?Computer Science Department?Rice University--MS 132?6100 S. Main St.?Houston, Texas 77005??(Please make checks payable to Tim Harvey.)??(Also, if you include your email address on your check, Tim will send you?confirmation of receipt of said funds!)??Or, if you would like to find out more, please call or email Hugh Kress at?(713-771-7671) or hkress@awd.com or Tim Graves at (713-668-2630) or?ttgraves@mns.com or Kirk Oden at (210)-829-5126 or skoden@aol.com??We'll keep track of everyone who gives to the cause and let everyone at the?party know how much we love you.?? !!!??Bump, Stan, Kirk, Tim, Hugh, Mark and Jim??P.S.  However you got this message....please forward it to all your?friends, let's get the message out!??P.P.S.  Check out our website at www.cs.rice.edu/~harv/tailgate.html?????????? ? - att1.htm 
Attached is the redline with the changes we discussed this morning.
Lal,  Attached is the form agreement that was attached as Exhibit B to the 
LLC Agreement 
Have you reviewed the Change Order form for the Compressor and Plant?  I have 
not heard back from Andy either.  Please let me know if you have any comments.
Kay,  Please review the attached and let me know if there are any issues Thanks.
Kay,  Another CA Data Sheet check.  Thanks.
I'll be in town.  Let me know the details.  Eric may have trouble.  After the 
stunt he pulled Tuesday, the Warden's angry.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 11/05/99 11:01:22 AM
Date: November 5, 1999
I don't know if Eric has mentioned it to you or not, but I've been tossing
around the idea of having a couple of the boys over on Saturday evening for a
grill/booze binge.  Are you going to the 'Horns game?  Let me know your
availability.
Submergibly yours,
Ryan
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
I enjoyed lunch today also.  It was nice to feel normal, even if only for a 
short time.
I am sending you some handwritten comments to this version.  I am going home 
the rest of the day.  If this is something that has to be sent out today, 
incorporate these comments in any new version.  Otherwise lets talk about it 
tommorrow.
Mark Knippa
11/07/99 02:52 PM
Gerald, (its Sunday and this is what I have)
Davis is going to make some changes that he and Courtney discussed yesterday 
in addition to some more equipment and project details.  He will likely do 
that tonight 
at home so we will send an updated draft in the moring 
Defining the LLC stuff to them is not going to happen and will be removed 
from this 
document before packaging for Eastman 
The Force Majuere and other sections are going to be difficult to sell to 
Eastman and
we are going to need to work on that portion tomorrow.
Have a great day.
Mark Knippa
11/07/99 02:46 PM
GT,  I won't be able to come in for the game this weekend.  I am taking a 
scuba diving class and I have open water dives on both Saturday and Sunday I am kinda pissed off at myself that I didn't realize this when I signed up 
for the class but now I am committed.  I will still sell the tickets to your 
brother and nephew if they want them though.  I can FEDEX the tickets to you 
by Friday or worst case, just have the ticket office leave passes for the 
seats at will call.  Let me know.
G,
G,
How's it going? Are you ready for some football? The tailgate is going to be
another wild one. Hey, my brother and nephew are coming into town. Do you
want to sell your tickets for a c-note and sit with me again? Also, what day
are you coming in? Let me know.
GT
I will FEDEX the tickets.   Party hard for me.  G,  You need to come to 
Houston when you get a chance and well have a good time 
Gerald,
Dude, what are you thinking about? Just kidding. I hope we kick their ass.
Listen.. send me the tickets overnight to 10300 hwy 290 east. Manor I.S.D.
annex office George Townsend Manor TX 78653. My bro will pay you 50 for each
again. Sorry you can't make it.
We are getting a chartered bus for the Big XII Championship so get tickets
and come to Austin. Have you been chasing any women lately? Pick a good
weekend and I'll come to Houston to watch or video.
Hook em
GT
GT,  Ticket went Fedex today, and should be there tommorrow after 10 am.  If 
not please let me know.  I will get tix to Big 12 game and join the party 
bus.  Is Stacy going? Sar!
Neta,   I understand you currently have an agreement in place with Jomax 
Construction.  Enron Midstream Services, L.L.C. wants to do an affiliate work 
order under the existing agreement.  Can you email the details on the 
agreement and forward a copy of the agreement.  I will use the form of 
Affiliate Work Order you forwarded prior.  Thanks for your help.
Ah yes!  A mini 2 year old cheese burger.  Why should that cause problems?
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 11/11/99 10:57:26 AM
Date: November 11, 1999
I don't know what the hell I was thinking 
RYAN RUPPERT
Geologist
Europe/CIS Ventures
Exxon Exploration Company
713.935.6171
Mark,  The attached document outlines the relevant documents to be assigned 
to the new LLC and their assignment provisions.  Please note that for the 
City of Farmington Power Supply Agreement (Bloomfield), a deposit will be 
required by the new assignee.  Please review and let me know if you have any 
questions.
Larry and Lance,  The contract packages which contain the referenced 
agreements will be sent today.
I again reviewed the storage contracts on which large value has been 
assessed.  The Cove Point LNG, Limited Partnership and Egan Hub Partners, 
L.P. are both FERC regulated entities and both agreements have negotiated 
rates.
The Cove Point deal has a negotiated reservation charge and the Egan Hub 
Partners has a negotiated storage reservation and injection charge.  Since we 
are buying the assets of Columbia and assigning the contracts to Enron and  
these deals are at less than max rates, they would be subject to reposting 
upon assignment and there would be no guarantee that Enron would receive 
these rates in a competetive bidding situation.  It is my understanding the 
discounts were taken into account for valuation purposes, however these 
discounts are at risk due to posting requirements. 
The remainder of the storage contracts would require consents to assign.
Note: Any transport contracts with discounted rates would be subject to the 
same as above.
I am verifying the reposting requirements with Randy Rich of Bracewell Patterson (FERC Counsel) and he is to get back with me early this afternoon I will let you know if anything changes.
Dan,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of my changes.  As we 
discussed, the letter is now non-binding.
Tell her that I will buy her all the beer she wants if she goes to Cozumel 
with us.  Just two conditions.  Craig stays home and she rooms with me!
Dan,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the non-binding LOI.  Let 
me know if you have any questions.
GT,   Was that an ass kicking or what?   The game look like a blast on TV.  I 
am still pissed I missed it 
Did you get the tickets okay?  Hope so.  How was the Tailgate?  Any sweet 
sweet babies?
More Coz 2000 T-shirt slogans.
1.  Get Bouyant!
2.  Diving, Booze, and BuckCherry 3.  Maximize your Bottom Time, Day or Night!
4.  I was Kristi's Favorite Student.  (For Gerald's T-shirt only)
5.  Air Tanks and Margaritas.  All the necessary equipment!
6.  Charter member of the BADC.  ( The Bad Ass Diving Club.)
I am officially a certified scuba diver!  All set for Cozumel in February You can still get in on the trip if your interested.
How did Lisa take the Red Raider butt whipping?  Give her my condolences.
G,
The game was great but actually boring. I got the tickets and will mail you
a check for $100. We are organizing a trip to the Big XII Championship on
Dec. 4. I will give you details later. Did you pass your scuba class?
GT
Jim,  Attached is a clean and redline version of your letter with my 
comments.  The deal maker on this one is probably the appropriate person to 
sign this one.  Is it Jim Ducote?
Is Greg Brazaitis or Steve Schneider aware of this project?
Pat,  Could you print all these out for me.  I need two copies.  Thanks.
Ken Choyce@
11/15/99 03:24 PM
Gerald,
Sorry this took so long.  Please let me know if you need anything else from 
me.  I believe this goes to the attention of Sunny Gagler at Mountain West Their number is 970 858-3900.   Thanks
Attached are clean and redlined versions of the interconnect agreements with 
revisions.  Please review and if okay foward to Pace for their review.
David,  Attached are the Sofregaz US Inc. contracts.  Thanks for your help on 
this.
- compare02.doc - Exhfaffl.doc
Attached is a draft form of Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS 
Compression Company, L.L.C. as Seller and ECS as Buyer.  Also attached is a 
confirm for the gas deal.  Notice the information I need on the confirm and 
please fill in the blanks.  If you have any comments on the contract form, 
please let me know as soon as possible. 
Ken,  Attached is the form of tasking letter.  Please fill out Part I or have 
Karl Durant fill it out as best we can.  You can return the form to me and I 
will forward to High Mountain for execution.
Kay,  Please review the attached.  Once again, thanks for your help.
GT,  I was surfing on the aggie BBS during lunch and stumbled across a post 
with this picture on it. This is hilarious.   Go to this site and take a look.
fyi
Reid Hansen@
11/18/99 09:24 AM
Sent by: Reid Hansen@
Hello Gerald,
Attached is the estimate for the connection mentioned above to the Texoma 30" 
line (3080) in Gregg County, TX..  I have not qualified the dollar amount as 
to what type of communication package will be required for this installation.
I did not remember Eric's last name so could you forward this to him.
Thanks,
Reid
3-7540
A little Mihm action.
Mark,  Attached are redlines of the revisions to the O&M and CSA Docs.
Same stuff going on here.  Lisa and I are still settling things.  Looks like 
I am going to keep the house.  So you need to come into town and well have a 
good time.
My address is:    1403 Banks
Houston, Texas 77006
I am hooked up with tickets to the Big 12 game.  Are you guys still planning 
on a bus to SA? 
Gerald,
What's going on? What is your mailing address again? I need to mail you a
check. let me know.
gt
In the literate world (outside of Iowa) this is a "poll",  not "pole".
I was thinking about coming into Austin Friday night and driving up with you 
guys on Saturday and staying in Austin again Saturday night.  I am going to 
have a friend with me (male unfortunately) since I have two tickets.  Let me 
know if that fits in with your plans.
Gerald,
The bus trip has been cancelled. We are all just driving down there. Let me
know what your plans are. I will talk to you later.
GT
Three problems with this Draft.
1.  In Paragraph 1.1, they removed my requirement of installing a system to 
meet "all of Enron's electrical power requirements for the Driver".  My 
concern here is that they put in equipment that is not adequate to handle our 
load requirements.  At a minimum we should state a specific load requirement 
for this station.  E.g. 10,000 HP.
2.  In Paragraph 1.1, they inserted a requirement that Plain's approve any 
in-service date for the driver and that the Telecommunication Equipment would 
be in-service by such date.  My draft had a date established by Enron solely 
and Plains would have to meet such date.  I think we need control of our 
in-service date without Plains prior approval.  We will be reasonable in 
establishing such date.
3.  Plains disclaims all warranties with respect to the Telecommunication 
Equipment.  This was not in the first draft.  We need some assurance that 
this equipment will do the job we need it to.
I would be happy to discuss these directly with Plains' attorneys at their 
convenience.
Mark Courtney
11/24/99 01:50 PM
How does this look to you?
Mark
just came in.   Rich and team will review concurrently with your review
Mark Conner  
Here is the latest edition - after Plains legal and managerial review of the
revised edition you sent us.  Plains is ready to sign pending your review.
- enroncomm-rnc revision.doc
Attached for review are the following:
1.  Bill of Sale for Bloomfield Electric Motor (ECT to ECS)
2.  Bill of Sale for Bisti Electric Motor (ECT to ECS)
3.  Assignment of Contracts for Bloomfield Station (ECT to ECC)
4.  Assignment of Contracts for Bisti Station (ECT to ECC)
Mark,  Please forward to the appropriate accountant since Roger is no longer 
on this deal.
Lance,  Please forward to A&K.  I do not have their email address 
Arnold,  Do you have a name and number of the Plains attorneys (or someone 
who has their number) so I can discuss the attached issues with them 
concering the Comm Agreement.
Mark Courtney
11/29/99 04:37 PM
I think you should talk to their attorney directly.  Relevant points are:
1.  This is actually a 12 MW substation 
3.  The communications are for their use only and don't really effect us 
except they might want to interrupt us when it is down.  That would of course 
be unacceptable 
Three problems with this Draft.
1.  In Paragraph 1.1, they removed my requirement of installing a system to 
meet "all of Enron's electrical power requirements for the Driver".  My 
concern here is that they put in equipment that is not adequate to handle our 
load requirements.  At a minimum we should state a specific load requirement 
for this station.  E.g. 10,000 HP.
2.  In Paragraph 1.1, they inserted a requirement that Plain's approve any 
in-service date for the driver and that the Telecommunication Equipment would 
be in-service by such date.  My draft had a date established by Enron solely 
and Plains would have to meet such date.  I think we need control of our 
in-service date without Plains prior approval.  We will be reasonable in 
establishing such date.
3.  Plains disclaims all warranties with respect to the Telecommunication 
Equipment.  This was not in the first draft.  We need some assurance that 
this equipment will do the job we need it to.
I would be happy to discuss these directly with Plains' attorneys at their 
convenience.
Mark Courtney
11/24/99 01:50 PM
How does this look to you?
Mark
just came in.   Rich and team will review concurrently with your review
Mark Conner  
Here is the latest edition - after Plains legal and managerial review of the
revised edition you sent us.  Plains is ready to sign pending your review.
- enroncomm-rnc revision.doc
Attached is the final version of the mechanical maintenance agreement.
Attached is Greg's email with my response in bold inserted.  Based on my 
review notes.  Let me know if you need anything else.
Can you answer the questions regardin the cavern capacity below?
Gerald?  Can you answer the questions regarding the rates 
Greg Couch
11/30/99 11:11 AM
Shonnie,
I still have some outstanding questions for Texaco, all relating to Sorrento.
We need signed copies of the Wisconsin Gas and Wisconsin PSC agreements and 
the BASF amendment dated 7/31/99 (there are some rate changes in this 
agreement).
In addition, I have the following questions:
* Is cavern #2 assumed start date of 7/01/2001 OK?
* Is cavern #2 assumed size of 3.2bcf OK?
* Are the following daily charges or monthly charges:
$0.15 capacity reservation for LGS (Monthly)
$0.1125 capacity reservation for Sabine Hub Svcs (Appears to be 
monthly,  Contract not clear)
$0.1150 capacity reservation and $0.75 MDWQ reservation for both 
Wisconsin entities (Monthly)
* What is the currently calculated capacity reservation rate for Entergy (Demand Charge of $2.42/MMBtu times the MDDQ (=100,000 MMBtu))  Adjusted in 
accordance with the FERC interest rate.)  This is a monthly charge.  This is 
the New Orleans Public Service Inc. contract info.  I believe this is the 
same as Entergy.
Please let me know if you have any questions 
Thanks,
Greg
GT, Do you have a ticket for the game set up.  The guy going to the game with 
me, is not 100% committed.  If you don't need it, he will use it.  I will be 
coming to Austin by myself though and he would meet me at the game.  Are you 
driving up to SA with anyone 
Attached is a short summary of our review of the Transport and Storage (Off 
System) for KN Marketing.
Attached is the due diligence review summary prepared by the legal asset 
groups for the West Texas Assets at the KN Data Room.  Steve is continuing to 
review the information on the gathering/processing portion and we will update 
as info is available.
Anne,  Attached is a list of the contracts, documents, or information which 
we still need for our review.  Let me know if you have any questions.
Johnnie Williams
12/03/99 12:08 PM
Gerald,
Following is additional information about pressure differentials.  As I 
understand it, we are not contractually bound to deliver to Entex through 
MidCon if we can't get into MidCon.  Consequently, charging back third-party 
costs may not be an option?  Steve Schneider (who isn't around right now) is 
probably the best source for this information.  Nonetheless, this does not 
negate the fact that we might want compensation if over time one or both of 
these interconnects prove to be useless for a prolonged period of time due to 
pressure differentials.
Let me know what you and Eric find out.  In the meantime.
Johnnie
Jim Schwieger
11/23/99 06:18 AM
Steve / Johnnie:  As stated below in Brads "e" mail the range of 
deliverability we can expect on the MidCon Texas Interconnects is between a 
minimum of 75,000 MMBtu/d and the design maximum of 100,000 MMBtu/d.  I 
believe this answers the remaining questions.  We have provided what I 
believe to be overwhelming strategic as well as financial justification to 
building these interconnects.  Now its time to shift into approval and most 
importantly immediate construction.  With the construction of these 
interconnects I believe there is a high probability of getting a 5 year 
storage deal done this year.  This would greatly reduce HPL's Spread Risk. 
(which just in the last week has resulted in approximately $3 million in 
losses).  Please let me know why we can't receive approval and begin 
construction immediately.   Please let me know why we would not be able to 
have operational by January 1, 2000 
I have run some additional flow studies for the east side of town to 
determine HPL's ability to deliver gas to MidCon Texas at the proposed 
Flagstaff interconnect.  With gas leaving Bammel at a reduced pressure of 600 
psig, HPL will only be able to deliver 74 MMCFD at around 450 psig to MidCon 
Texas, assuming the combined Equistar/Destec Channelview delivery is only 60 
MMCFD.  Increasing the Bammel pressure to 650 psig will only increase the 
deliverability to 78 MMCFD.  Therefore, it would be safe to say that with 
pressures at Bammel ranging between 600-650 psig, HPL will only be able to 
deliver around 75 MMCFD to MidCon Texas.  One of the main reasons why the 
deliverability to MidCon Texas only increases by 4 MMCFD with a 50 psig 
increase in Bammel pressure is that the increased pressure backs off gas to 
Channelview from the 12" Baytown line.  With that gas backed off, more gas 
must be supplied from the Bammel direction, using up a portion of the 
additional capacity generated by the increase of 50 psig at Bammel.  Making 
the initial assumption that no gas will flow to Channelview from the 12" 
(3018) line will only further deteriorate HPL's ability to deliver gas to 
MidCon Texas.
Brian,  Thanks for the kind words in the phone mail message.  I enjoy working 
with you and your group and look forward to continuing to do so.  Thanks 
again.
Mark,  My comments
Morela,  Attached is the letter with some revisions.   Let me know if you 
have any questions.
Johnnie Williams
12/03/99 12:02 PM
Gerald,
Following is one of the memos detailing some of the concerns about pressure 
differentials between HPL & MidCon.
Johnnie
Will Chen
11/19/99 08:47 AM
Johnnie, 
I have a attend the A/A mentoring program this morning and won't be back till 
11am. 
if you need me, page me, 800-608-9432.
I am forwarding you this email I got from Brad last night. 
I have run a flow study on the east side of HPL's Houston Loop to determine 
whether HPL can deliver 100 MMCFD to MidCon during winter peak hour 
conditions.  The interconnect pressure will be around 600 psig, which will 
allow HPL to deliver 100 MMCFD to MidCon with an 8" AAT-90 turbine meter This is the full capacity of this particular 8" turbine meter.  The following 
assumptions were made in the preparation of this flow study:
1) The available gas pressure at Bammel is 900 psig.
2)  The Hardy Toll road mainline regulator is fully open, not taking any 
pressure cut.
3)  Entex being delivered gas at a peak hour rate, which is defined as HPL's 
historical peak Entex day plus 30%.
4)  The deliveries being made to both the Destec and Lyondell Channelview 
plants total no more than 60 MMCFD.
If capacity gets tight at Flagstaff, Gas Control can shut in the regulator 
from the Enerfin system to the 12" (3018) line to boost pressures.  Gas 
Control could also raise the pressure at Bammel to more closely track the 
MAOP of 936 psig on the east side of the Bammel loop.
Please note that if Bammel pressures are lower than 900 psig due to low 
inventory at Bammel, and Entex is on a peak hour delivery rate, then HPL will 
have difficulty making a 100 MMCFD delivery to MidCon Texas at Flagstaff Increasing the turbine meter size to a 12" AAT-140 would solve this problem, 
but this would result in a greatly oversized measurement facility during 
normal operating periods.  A better solution would be to shut in the Enerfin 
and Maxey Road regulators to boost pressures on the east side and to attempt 
to limit Lyondell and Destec deliveries.
I am looking for information concerning this program; such as how it 
operates, when it meets. etc.  Any information you could supply would be 
greatly appreciated.
Thanks,
Gerald Nemec
Attached is the basic form of service agreement we are going to use for the 
two individuals we discussed.
Twanda Sweet
09/16/99 03:55 PM
Click on this data document to find the data source.
Consulting Agreement
Dan,  Attached are the amendments drafts for the Gas Purchase Agreement and 
the Gathering Agreement.  Revised Exhibit As which include the Caballo area 
need to be created.  Also John Crecink with MTG needs to provide the list of 
lease in the added reserve areas.
Matt,  Attached is the PSA Form.  Section 9 and 9(c) specifically is the 
section we discussed.  As I stated, the assets is a single gathering system 
and associated contracts.
FYI
Melissa Hughes  Gerald - I received the mortgage today, and we'll take care of gettting it
filed - But I wanted to let you know that I'm not in the Jackson office, I'm
in the Cheyenne office.  My correct mailing address is:
Melissa Hughes
Holland & Hart
2515 Warren Ave., Suite 450
Cheyenne, WY  82001
307-778-4231
307-778-8175 (fax)
mhughes@hollandhart.com
Terry Buffington is also in the Cheyenne office.
Thanks - Melissa
Attached are the updated contract briefs for those two KN Interstate 
Transmission Co. contracts that mention the Pony Express Extension.  The only 
thing added was some further MDQ information.
Joe,  Attached is the document with the revisions we discussed.  Please 
review and if acceptable prepare the executables.
Dan,  Attached is my revised letter agreement for the Maverick Pack Gas 
purchase.  Needs to be printed in ENA letterhead.  Please review and let me 
know if you have any questions.
Sounds like your most effective weapon is your coach 
SeppieUI@aol.com on 12/10/99 11:49:44 PM
<<Apparently after the Hawks defeatedUCONN the Iowa team went to the ESPN
Sportszone(Restaraunt/Bar). There is a
regulation half court basketball court at the ZONE. Alford was
shooting 3's
and made 2 out of 4 with his sportscoat on. Some of the New
Yorkers started
ribbibg Alford saying he has lost it and that he couldn't fill
it up any
longer. Alford gave these fans the "look",took his coat off
and proceeded to
drain 17 3's in a row(Sports Zone record). Being that it was a
record Alford
had a chance to put his name up on the Hall of Fame board.
They asked Alford
what name to put up and he responded "The Hawkeyes are in the
house."
13:51:56 -0500
Novell_GroupWise; Fri, 10 Dec 1999 12:52:31 -0600
Date: Fri, 10 Dec 1999 12:52:13 -0600
Apparently after the Hawks defeatedUCONN the Iowa team went to the ESPN
Sportszone(Restaraunt/Bar). There is a
regulation half court basketball court at the ZONE. Alford was 
shooting 3's
and made 2 out of 4 with his sportscoat on. Some of the New 
Yorkers started
ribbibg Alford saying he has lost it and that he couldn't fill 
it up any
longer. Alford gave these fans the "look",took his coat off 
and proceeded to
drain 17 3's in a row(Sports Zone record). Being that it was a 
record Alford
had a chance to put his name up on the Hall of Fame board. 
They asked Alford
what name to put up and he responded "The Hawkeyes are in the 
house."
Attached is the revised letter agreement.
Please forward to my attention at:
1400 Smith 
Houston, TX 77006
Suite EB3883
Thanks for your help.
Mark Conner  Gerald,
Plains has reviewed the agreement and prepared executables.  Please provide
me with a name and address and I will overnight two signed originals.
Thanks,
Mark Conner
Joe,  Attached is the document with the revisions we discussed.  Please
review
and if acceptable prepare the executables.
(See attached file: enroncomm-rnc revision1.doc)
Mark,   Enron Compression Services is correct.  Thanks.
Mark Conner  Gerald,
Just a quick double check, are you with "Enron Compression Services" ?  (I'm
dealing with Enron Compression Services, T&D Engineering and Construction,
and Enron Engineering and Construction Company on this project 
Thanks in advance,
Mark
Please forward to my attention at:
1400 Smith
Houston, TX 77006
Suite EB3883
Thanks for your help.
Mark Conner  
Gerald,
Plains has reviewed the agreement and prepared executables.  Please provide
me with a name and address and I will overnight two signed originals.
Thanks,
Mark Conner
Joe,  Attached is the document with the revisions we discussed.  Please
review
and if acceptable prepare the executables.
(See attached file: enroncomm-rnc revision1.doc)
Attached are drafts of the MidCon Interconnect Agreement for Deer Park and 
Greens Bayou.  The agreements are written with the following key points.
1.  HPL will install both meter facility to mutally agreeable specifications.
2.  HPL will own and operate the Greens Bayou Point.
3.  MidCon will own and operate the Deer Park Point.
4.  All costs to install both interconnects will be shared 50/50 by the 
Parties under a true up mechanism based on actual costs.
5.  Pressure committments by both Parties for 5 years, with failure to meet 
such committments resulting in reimbursement by the failing Party of all 
costs borne by the non-failing Party for that interconnect only at which the 
pressure committment is not met.
6.  Each Party has a right to use at all times 50% of the then available 
capacity at each interconnect, unless a Party fails to meet its pressure 
committment.
Please review.
Article 4 and 6 are the most relevant
fyi
A mildly modified structure.
Interesting read from Fortune Magazine.  A little dated though.
Fortune 
December 20, 1999 
SECTION: FEATURES/TEXAS LONGHORNS; Pg. 160 
LENGTH: 4639 words 
HEADLINE: How One College Program Runs The Business; 
INSIDE LONGHORN INC. 
BYLINE: Roy S. Johnson, Research Associate Mary Danehy 
BODY: 
Tom Hicks was beside himself. He couldn't sit in one 
place. And 
he couldn't stand. He couldn't even bear to watch at 
times, but 
the buoyant CEO and chairman of Hicks Muse Tate & Furst, 
the 
giant buyout firm, also couldn't afford to turn away, 
because 
this deal could go either way. I'm not talking about the 
company's pending $ 200 million bet on an Internet outfit 
called 
Teligent. That's pocket change to a business managing more 
than 
$ 11 billion in assets. This was really big. This was 
Saturday 
afternoons in the fall. This was perky cheerleaders flying 
through the air, and high-stepping marching bands. This 
was 
college football. This was Texas. 
On this autumn Saturday afternoon in Austin, the 
University of 
Texas Longhorns led powerful Nebraska with only a few 
minutes on 
the clock at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium, the 
team's 
newly renovated home. A win would be huge. The 
Cornhuskers, 
perennial national title contenders, were big-bully 
conference 
rivals and ranked third in the nation, while the young 
Longhorns 
were like clumsy calves still finding their legs under 
second-year coach Mack Brown. Hicks is a proud and 
generous alum 
(Texas Exes, they're called), and he's deep into this Hook 
'em 
Horns thing. Two years ago he flew athletic director 
DeLoss 
Dodds to North Carolina on his private plane to woo Brown 
to 
Austin personally, and he regularly counsels the coach on 
management matters. He also advised Dodds about pricing, 
financing, and amenities when Texas built 66 posh private 
suites 
at the stadium before last season. In October he hosted a 
charity golf tournament in Dallas during the raucous 
Texas-Oklahoma weekend to benefit the school's sports 
programs. 
He owns the Texas Rangers baseball team and the NHL Dallas 
Stars, but Tom Hicks loves the Texas Longhorns. 
So it's understandable that he was a bit on edge at the 
Nebraska 
game, hosting a couple of dozen friends, relatives, and 
business 
associates in one of the glitzy new suites high above the 
field 
at the Nebraska game. Wearing a Longhorn burnt-orange 
shirt and 
surrounded by enough ice-cream bars and shrimp to satisfy 
an 
offensive line, Hicks was anxious and animated. "Hey," he 
yelled, 
"ain't this something 
It sure is. The University of Texas athletic program is at 
a 
pretty intriguing place in college sports. With a surging 
young 
football team at its core, it is one of the most 
successful 
college athletic programs in the country, and I'm not just 
talking about wins and losses. This is a 
multimillion-dollar 
enterprise that operates more like a solid business than a 
renegade campus outfit. College sports has been a 
big-ticket 
dance for some time now, and this program is much like 
others at 
the top-tier universities, but there are a couple of 
exceptions: 
The folks making the moves in Austin function more like 
CEOs than 
like traditional athletic directors and coaches, and 
they're 
making it work. 
To determine how they do it, I went back to school this 
fall and 
asked to take a close look at the books. What I found was 
an 
operation that balances the athletic department's 
educational 
responsibilities with fiscal discipline at a time when the 
costs 
of running a big-time athletic program are surging and 
most 
college athletic programs are in the red. I found a place 
where 
football pays the bills. That was no surprise, but this 
was: 
Among the beneficiaries of big-time football is a women's 
sports 
program that could be a model for gender equity. 
In fact, at the University of Texas, the football 
Longhorns are 
Grade A cash cows. Athletics officials credit the team 
with 
generating a staggering 80% of the department's $ 45.3 
million 
from revenues in 1999. That's $ 36 million from tickets, 
individual donations, rights fees, sponsorships, hot dogs, 
beer, 
and other sources. 
The athletic department operates much like a 
self-contained 
corporation, separate and apart from the rest of the 
university. 
It has its core business (football); various auxiliary 
operations 
(other men's and women's teams); numerous revenue streams; 
traditional corporate functions such as finance, 
marketing, 
public relations, and HR (you know it as recruiting); and 
even 
sophisticated satellite offices--dozens of alumni chapters 
nationwide, through which athletics targets some 400,000 
Texas 
Exes for private gifts. Got shareholders? You bet. More 
than 
80,000 of them meet in the stadium in Austin on Saturdays 
in the 
fall, and they grade every move Mack Brown makes. Think 
chasing 
quarterly expectations is brutal? Try putting the success 
of your 
company in the hands of a bunch of 18- to 22-year-olds. 
Hate 
talking to analysts? Try answering Buck from Muleshoe, 
Texas, on 
a weekly call-in talk show after losing a 23-point lead in 
the 
fourth quarter. 
Of course, the whole thing is complicated by the fact that 
while 
a major-college athletic program must be managed with the 
diligence of a public company, athletic directors don't 
have the 
luxury of shutting down unprofitable businesses--at most 
schools 
that would be every sport save football and men's 
basketball. And 
those well-paid football coaches, quite simply, must win. 
"If we 
were a business, we wouldn't have any sport but football, 
and we 
would generate a heck of a profit," says Dodds, who is 
among the 
nation's most respected athletic directors. "But we're not 
about 
that. We take the money we generate from football and use 
it to 
provide opportunities for other kids. Then we try to 
balance what 
we want to accomplish inside the institution with what 
folks 
outside the institution want us to do. It's a hard thing 
to do 
For more than a quarter-century, one of the most difficult 
challenges for college sports has been finding a place for 
women. 
You've probably heard of Title IX, the historic clause in 
the 
Education Amendments Act of 1972 that turned college 
sports on 
its ear by requiring athletic programs to offer equality 
for 
women in participation, scholarship allocation, 
recruitment 
spending, and coaching resources. The requirement forced 
athletic 
departments to essentially double their operations, which 
helped 
spark the overall growth in college sports. So whatever 
you think 
about the emphasis on college football, hey, it pays for 
women's 
soccer, okay? 
The Texas athletic department's budget is among the 
largest in 
the nation--$ 41.2 million for fiscal 1999, which ended in 
August. Only four universities had fatter sports wallets 
that 
year: Wisconsin ($ 41.4 million), Tennessee ($ 45 
million                    Michigan ($ 47.6 million), and Ohio State, No. 1 by far 
with a 
whopping $ 64.9 million athletics budget. (If you think 
those who 
spend the most win, forget it: OSU is the only school of 
the 
group not ranked in the latest Top 25 AP football poll 
How does UT get to its number? For starters, ticket sales 
and 
game guarantees (payments to UT by a host school when the 
Longhorns play on the road) generated $ 10.1 million in 
revenue 
last year. That category was exceeded only by private 
gifts, 
which totaled an impressive $ 21 million. Other 
significant 
income categories included suite-lease revenue ($ 3.2 
million                    television money ($ 3.9 million), payment for the team's 
Cotton 
Bowl appearance ($ 866,842), optional student fees 570,000                    sponsorships and advertising ($ 400,000), licensing 
revenue 
($ 300,000), and concessions ($ 750,000). All told, the 
department 
generated $ 45.4 million in 1999. 
The athletic department's expenses totaled $ 50.1 million. 
That 
included scholarships valued at $ 2.8 million for 226 men 
and 186 
women, administrative costs ($ 1.4 million) for about 230 
employees, and equipment purchases ($ 2.4 million). The 
costs of 
running individual teams ranged from $ 7.5 million for 
football to 
$ 370,000 for tennis. 
What caused the shortfall? The final bills for a two-year, 
$ 93 
million capital improvement effort. Remarkably, the 
athletic 
department completed the project without a penny from the 
university's academic funds. It raised more than $ 31 
million in 
private donations in just over two years. The department 
also 
took out $ 48 million in bonds (serviced now by lease and 
ticket 
revenues). The bill was closed with $ 14 million from the 
university's Parking and Traffic division to fund a 
parking 
garage. So what can you get for $ 93 million? Take a 
stroll down 
East Campus Drive near the stadium, and you'll pass the 
spiffy 
new $ 28 million Mike A. Myers Stadium and Soccer Field. 
One block 
over is maybe the nicest football practice facility in the 
country, the newly renovated Denius Athletic Fields ($ 2.5 
million). It was subsidized by 82-year-old World War II 
veteran 
Frank A. Denius, a longtime fan who has attended practices 
most 
every day for as long as anyone can remember. 
Beyond the 66 suites at Royal-Memorial stadium, UT added 
nearly 
7,000 new seats, renovated major sections on both sides of 
the 
76-year-old facility, and lowered the field three feet. 
Why lower 
the field, you ask? I did too. Better sightlines, of 
course. The 
stadium renovations cost $ 55 million--$ 3.2 million to 
lower the 
field alone! The department also spruced up its main 
offices, now 
known as the Moncrief-Neuhaus Complex. (If you've got an 
extra 
million, you can get your name slapped on just about 
anything                    The place is Four Seasons plush. There's an impressive 
academic 
support center stocked with computers, a hangar-sized 
weight room 
that could inspire a couch potato, and an over-the-top 
football 
locker room any NFL team would envy--custom-carved 
benches, 
original art, and lockers the size of small Manhattan 
apartments. 
Mack Brown's spacious office, with a picture window 
overlooking 
the stadium field, is trimmed in warm cherrywood and 
decorated 
with mementos and collectibles, including a case of 
watches 
commemorating universities and bowl games where he has 
coached 
during his 24-year career. Photos from the Longhorn 
archives line 
the hallways, and display cases in the lobby house the 
school's 
three national championship trophies (1963, '69, and '70) 
and the 
1977 Heisman Trophy, won by the man who is still the most 
powerful and exciting running back in college football 
history, 
former Longhorn Earl Campbell. Check out the intricate, 
hand-carved leather saddles in the cavernous players' 
lounge. 
Yep, you can sit on the saddles and watch games. 
If it all seems impossibly lavish, there are reasons. The 
stadium 
upgrade generates new revenue, and the school had to build 
new 
facilities for its women's programs under requirements 
outlined 
in Title IX. But perhaps the most vital reason is 
recruiting. "We 
had to stay sexy and attractive to the kids," says Ed 
Goble, UT's 
vice president of business affairs. "You've got to provide 
an 
enhanced experience on campus to compete for the best 
kids 
CEO and COO would be more appropriate titles for Dodds and 
Brown, 
the UT athletic director and head football coach. Dodds, a 
62-year-old former track coach, got into sports 
administration 
because he liked working with coaches. Today he has an 
associate 
athletic director who handles those duties. Dodds is too 
busy 
closing new sponsorship deals, negotiating Big 12 
Conference 
television and radio contracts, glad-handing with 
boosters, 
serving on NCAA committees, and promoting his 
self-described 
"passion"--a college football championship tournament. 
Dodds 
believes critics of a post-season tournament for college 
football--the only major sport without a legitimate 
championship 
tournament--are, after years of debate, softening. If it 
were to 
happen, it would have to be approved within the next 18 
months, 
says Dodds, a "window" before negotiations for the next 
round of 
network television contracts kick into gear. Dodds thinks 
a 
college football championship would generate about $ 2 
million for 
each of the 120 or so schools playing Division I-A 
football. "I 
think that over a seven-year period a football playoff is 
worth 
several billion," he says. 
In the grand scheme of the college sports industry, $ 2 
million 
may not seem like much, but Dodds knows well that success 
comes 
with a price. After last season, when Brown took the 
Longhorns to 
a post-season bowl for the first time since 1990, Dodds 
ripped up 
the coach's original contract and signed him to a new 
ten-year 
deal worth $ 1 million annually. He added an annuity, 
largely 
funded by private donors, that will give Brown $ 1 million 
annually at age 60 should he remain another four years. 
By the way, Brown does earn more than the university 
president, 
Dr. Larry R. Faulkner, whose salary is $ 319,400. So does 
basketball coach Rick Barnes, who earns $ 750,000. But if 
you're 
looking for the sort of acrimony between sports and 
academics 
that tears so many schools apart, you won't find much of 
it here. 
"I have a lot of respect for Dodds, his inventiveness, and 
his 
way of keeping the organization attuned to opportunities says 
Faulkner. "I've certainly paid attention to that 
The football coach actually gets to "coach" about as much 
as Bill 
Gates gets to play videogames these days. His nine 
assistants 
structure and manage practices and deal with most routine 
player 
matters. Brown, like any top-level executive, is expected 
to be 
the company's outside guy. He's your COO with a whistle. 
Most of 
his hours are filled with media obligations (about two 
dozen 
television and radio stations and newspapers cover the 
Longhorns), fundraising (for the entire university as well 
as the 
athletic department), and trying to keep his own 
management team 
in place. (After last season, seven of his assistant 
coaches were 
offered head coaching jobs elsewhere; Brown kept them all, 
adding 
$ 250,000 to the department's payroll. Additionally, five 
coaches 
were granted annuities worth $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 at age 
60 if they 
hang on with Brown for four more years 
On occasion, Brown also telephones one of the many 
corporate 
executives who are big UT boosters, guys like Hicks and 
San 
Antonio car dealer Red McCombs, another alum and the owner 
of the 
NFL's Minnesota Vikings. Brown looks to Hicks for 
time-management 
advice and insights on coping with pressure. With McCombs 
he 
talks talent and tries to absorb some of the owner's 
upbeat 
attitude. ("Hey, you're talking to one of only two owners 
who're 
going to the Super Bowl," McCombs told Brown after an 
early-season Longhorn loss. At the time, the Vikings were 
1-2                    "One of the things that's common in both of them is that 
they're 
high energy," says Brown. "They have the ability to dream, 
they 
have a lot of imagination, and they don't get down very 
much." In 
some areas, though, Brown is on his own. "The difference 
between 
their business and ours is that they can hire and fire who 
they 
want to," the coach said one October afternoon while 
lounging on 
one of the plush leather couches in his office. "In my 
business, 
we put our paychecks in the mouths of 18- to 22-year-olds 
we 
can't fire. It's like that ugly-baby theory--we can't get 
rid of 
them. So we have to hug them and teach them better. 
Another 
thing--CEOs don't have to deal with mothers. The major 
difference 
for us is the kids 
Brown's kids were whooping it up with 80,000-plus Longhorn 
faithful on that October afternoon when the pop of the 
final gun 
signaled the end of the Nebraska game. Final score: Texas 
24, 
Nebraska 20. The victory was a turning point for the young 
Longhorns that propelled them to their finest season in 
years. 
Going into their last regular-season game against Texas 
A&M, the 
Longhorns have their best record (9-2) since winning ten 
games in 
1995--albeit one that ended in an atmosphere of tragedy. A 
week 
before the game 12 students were killed and 28 injured on 
the A&M 
campus while building a huge bonfire structure for a 
pregame 
rally. As FORTUNE went to press the game was scheduled to 
be 
played. 
This year the Longhorns have been ranked as high as sixth 
in the 
AP Top 25, their highest perch since 1996. Their reward? A 
possible trip to the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl in January, a 
prestigious bowl game despite its name. Each team in the 
game 
receives $ 1.5 million. To put it another way, the 
Nebraska 
victory paid off for the Longhorns like an Internet IPO. 
So 
while Dodds appeared calm amid the post-game celebrations, 
he 
was actually more relieved than anything. "If you don't 
win, 
you're not doing your job," he said. "And you don't 
survive 
There have been times of real doubt in recent years at UT 
athletics as the program struggled to find its way back to 
football prominence in the '90s. But perhaps the most 
significant crisis occurred in 1992, when seven female 
athletes 
filed a lawsuit against the university charging that it 
had 
failed to comply with Title IX. When the suit was filed, 
about 
37% of UT's varsity athletes were women, and female 
athletes 
received about $ 1 million in scholarships, well short of 
the 
$ 2.8 million awarded to male varsity athletes. Some 
executives 
inside the department wanted to fight the charges. Recalls 
Jody 
Conradt, UT's women's athletic director and head coach of 
women's basketball: "Some folks said, 'Let's have a final 
war 
right here on the University of Texas campus, and let's 
just see 
who's right!' Thankfully, DeLoss and others said, 'That's 
not 
the way. We need to sit down and come up with a solution. 
" Just 
three days after negotiations began, the university 
settled, 
essentially agreeing to all demands. Today, 43% of the 
department's scholarship dollars are spent for female 
athletes, 
who represent 43.7% of UT's athletes. 
Dodds believes that if the esteemed founders of college 
sports 
had not spurned female athletes from the start, then the 
industry 
would not have endured the turmoil that ruling ignited. 
"Somebody, somewhere, made a big mistake," he says. 
"Somebody, 
somewhere, decided women didn't need to be in sports, and 
I don't 
know why we weren't smart enough to fix it sooner 
The person most credited with nudging--some say 
shoving--Texas in 
the right direction on gender equity is Donna Lopiano, a 
longtime 
activist for equity for women in sports and now head of 
the 
Women's Sports Foundation. She became women's athletic 
director 
at the University of Texas in 1975, the first woman in the 
country to hold an AD title at a major university. Like 
many 
advocates for gender equity, she felt the university was 
dragging 
toward Title IX compliance, but as a university official 
she 
could not openly encourage students to challenge the 
university. 
Instead she handed out Title IX manuals and complaint 
forms from 
boxes she stashed behind her desk like candy at Halloween. 
"Must 
have done it hundreds of times, for 17 years," she says, 
laughing 
at the memory. "I had boxes of manuals and more boxes to 
replace 
them. I couldn't believe it when somebody finally did it By 
"it," she means filed suit. 
"It took someone to be abrasive, pushy, and all the other 
adjectives her friends use for Donna," says Conradt. 
"Donna 
scares people. It wouldn't have happened any other way. No 
question, she's the most significant individual for what 
we've 
been able to achieve in women's athletics 
Today women's athletics at UT has its own corporate 
structure 
and hierarchy. It shares resources with the men in many 
areas, 
but it has its own management team, led by Conradt, who, 
like 
Dodds, reports to university vice president Pat Ohlendorf. 
Only 
a handful of Division I programs are similarly structured. 
"I 
think young women need to see women as bosses," Conradt 
says. 
"If the [men's and women's] departments merged, how would 
women 
get the chance to run any of the areas? This way we have 
role 
models for student athletes 
The women still have a long way to go before reaching 
parity in 
one critical area--fundraising. Last year gifts received 
by 
women's sports totaled only $ 250,000. But the women are 
not 
without their boosters, Red McCombs being the biggest. Two 
events 
led McCombs to an epiphany regarding women's sports. One 
came 
during what he described as a "good ol' Bubba" meeting 
about 
fundraising a few years back. When he asked the lone woman 
in the 
room to name the most generous donors for women's 
athletics, he 
recalls, "She looked at me like I was crazy and said, 'Mr. 
McCombs, there are none 
Soon afterward, McCombs' young granddaughter told him that 
she 
could not find a girls' softball team to join. He realized 
that 
wasn't going to change as long as the woman in the good 
ol' Bubba 
meeting was right. So four years ago he wrote a check for 
$ 3 
million to the UT women's athletic program, the largest 
single 
gift to women's collegiate sports anyone can recall. 
Earlier this 
year the Red and Charline McCombs Softball Stadium opened 
on UT's 
campus. 
Title IX clearly stoked the growth in college sports 
programs a 
quarter-century ago, but where will the money come from to 
sustain future growth? There's at least some concern that 
college 
sports is already locked squarely in corporate America's 
cross 
hairs as the next sports-marketing frontier. For years 
only the 
likes of Nike, Reebok, and other sports brands had major 
deals 
with college teams. Now high-tech companies like eBay and 
Nextel 
are lining up alongside soft-drink, financial-services, 
and 
entertainment companies to sell their products and 
services to 
your kids. Companies once worried about being called crass 
for 
slapping logos on college campuses. Today there is no 
shame. Take 
the annual Texas-Oklahoma game, the meeting of two of the 
most 
celebrated rivals in college football history. For two 
years now 
it has been called the Dr Pepper Red River Shootout, also 
sponsored by Southwestern Bell, Mercedes-Benz, Bank of 
America, 
Miller Brewing, and the Texas Land & Cattle Co., a local 
restaurant chain. It's worth in excess of $ 100,000 to 
each 
school. Be very afraid. 
For now, corporate deals remain only a minor revenue 
source for 
most big colleges. But as TV money and ticket prices peak, 
and 
donors get short arms and can't reach their wallets (after 
a 
couple of dog seasons, you'll see what I mean), it could 
become 
the most vital source of future growth. Texas' new deal 
with 
Nike, for instance, provides UT athletics with up to $ 1.8 
million 
in Nike gear, along with $ 850,000 in cash annually for 
the next 
nine years. That's equal to the largest sponsorship deal 
in 
college sports, and more than twice the value of the 
department's 
previous contract with Reebok. 
While Dodds is mindful of the need to maintain some 
boundaries 
against unbridled commercialism, he's more concerned that 
some 
major college programs may be forced out of big-time 
football 
altogether because they can't keep up with escalating 
costs. 
Sometimes the scale of all this makes Dodds wistful. "What 
I'd 
like to do is maybe start over with this whole thing," he 
says, 
"because it's gotten to the point where you don't control 
it, you 
manage it, and it's a challenge 
Nevertheless: Texas is banking on being a leader in 
e-commerce 
for college sports. Sales through its nascent Website are 
almost 
nil. But with nearly a half-million Texas Exes out 
here--and 
Longhorn football on a roll--the upside is vast. Hook 'em, 
iHorns? 
On that Saturday afternoon in the fall when the Longhorns 
grew 
up against Nebraska, an elderly fan in dark glasses sat 
quietly 
on the front row of a luxury box at the stadium named in 
his 
honor. Darrell Royal is still greeted as "Coach Royal" 
around 
Austin. He's in awe of his surroundings, amazed that the 
program 
he helped build has become a multimillion-dollar 
operation. He 
never had to raise funds as a coach, never had to do 
anything 
but coach--and, well, fix the place up a bit. "When I 
first got 
here in 1954, there was a broken-down old shack in the end 
zone," he says. "Caretaker lived there. It took a few 
years, but 
we finally got it torn down." He laughed at another 
recollection: He couldn't understand why fans refused to 
sit in 
an upper section of the stadium until he ventured up and 
realized that there were no bathrooms up there. 
Coach Royal doesn't much bother Dodds with advice anymore, 
though 
he did mention one thing a while back: "I told him, 
'Nothing 
makes Texans as happy as winning, and it's happy folks 
that 
give.'" Like any good executive, Dodds listened well. 
BOX STORY: 
University of Texas Athletics Dept. Revenue 1998-99 
$ 45.4 million 
FOOTBALL revenue 
$ 36.1 million 
Donations $ 17.5 million 
Tickets $ 10.1 
TV (Big 12 and NCAA) $ 3.9 
Marketing/advertising $ 1.4 
Stadium suites $ 0.8 
Concessions $ 0.8 
Student fees $ 0.4 
Other income $ 1.2 
NONFOOTBALL revenue 
$ 9.3 million 
Basketball $ 6.0 
Baseball $ 1.4 
Other sports $ 1.9 
SOURCE: UNIV. OF TEXAS 
BOX STORY: 
BIG SPENDERS 
Budget College Athletics budget AP Top 25 
rank in millions football rank 
1 Ohio State $ 64.9                    2 Michigan $ 47.6 10 
3 Tennessee $ 45.0 6 
4 Wisconsin $ 41.4 4 
5 Texas $ 41.2 7 
6 Florida $ 39.4 5 
7 Kentucky $ 36.5                    8 Nebraska $ 36.0 3 
9 Alabama $ 33.4 8 
10 Auburn $ 33.2                    11 UCLA $ 33.0                    12 LSU $ 32.0                    13 Florida State $ 31.0 1 
14 Notre Dame $ 30.4                    15 South Carolina $ 30.1                    16 Iowa $ 30.0                    17 Illinois $ 28.3                    18 Texas A&M $ 27.6 24 
19 Clemson $ 27.1                    20 USC $ 26.7                    21 Georgia $ 26.5 16 
22 Arizona State $ 26.5                    23 Oklahoma $ 25.3                    24 Arizona $ 25.0                    25 Arkansas $ 24.2 17 
26 West Virginia $ 23.0                    27 Kansas $ 22.7                    28 Georgia Tech $ 21.6 20 
29 Virginia Tech $ 20.1 2 
As of Nov. 21, 1999. 
FORTUNE TABLE/SOURCE UNIV. OF TEXAS 
Dan,  The only other thing I can think of is taking a security interest in 
the assets we are financing, if we are concerned about these guys being a 
credit risk.  We did this with the MTG deal.  I have a form of mortgage 
agreement which works with this type of deal.  I would guess credit needs to 
make that call.  Let me know if you want the form.
Dan,
Please check the revised agreement to see that I have included all that is 
necessary.  Since Quantum is doing the work for themselves, I did not include 
the Construction Agreement.  Please call if you have any questions.  I will 
forward to Gerald to see if he thinks I need to include any other items 
Attached is the form of amendment to the Dow Brining and Cavern Lease 
Agreement.  Please let me know if you have any questions.
Laura,  Heard it around town that today is your birthday.  Happy Birthday!
Gerald
Nothing planned for Sat 
My home phone is (713) 942-8066 and my cell is (281) 772-9250.  Give me a 
call and let's try and hook up 
Attached is a clean and redlined versions of the Gateway and Rio Nogales with 
the revisions we discussed.  Please review and if acceptable, please forward 
to Pace.  Merry Christmas.
Dan,  Attached is the form.  It references the agreement we are lending the 
money under (and Events of Default thereunder) and also needs to have 
exhibits prepared.  We probably also should check to see if there are any 
existing Security Interest in these assets.  The ones we know that we are 
subordinate to should be noted in the mortgage.  Shonnie has a contact in 
Wyoming she has used before to search the county records for any existing 
security interest.
Dan,  Please review.  I will be in tommorrow morning and we can discuss and 
changes needed.
You have probably done this already, but remove any reference to SCADA in the 
Alstom agreement.
The Alstom load is small.  It just peaks real fast and hard.  We don't need 
SCADA here.  With the loss of the Wyman Gordon load, we will be left with 
only the Cypress Fairbanks city gate and Alstom on the 12" (4007) line, so 
line pack will handle whatever instantaneous pull Alstom should develop.
I received the e-mail.  Thanks.
Pat,  Please print out the attached documents for me.  Thanks.
Lal Echterhoff
06/10/99 09:43 AM
Gerald, 
I have made the corrections and changes in the Exhibits.  I have attached a 
list of the changes and as you can see, they are very minor.  I have ataached 
the corrected Exhibit and related Data Sheet files.
Lal
We are doing business as Enron Compression Services Company.  Let me know if 
you need anything else.
Cheryl Lantz Marshall on 12/22/99 10:28:55 AM
This memo is regarding an agreement with the following title:  ENERGY 
SERVICES AGREEMENT BETWEEN PLANERGY SERVICES OF HOUSTON, INC. AND ENRON 
COMPRESSION SERVICES COMPANY (the "Agreement 
Enron Compression Services Company (ECS) has an agreement with Planergy by 
which ECS and Planergy share in the energy savings from the certain equipment 
at the new Bammel compression station.  The Agreement states that we "...will 
forward the recorded hours of operation for the previous month to Planergy 
within (15) days of the 1st day of the month."  We are currently working with 
Planergy and the Bammel team to design the report that will track the hours 
of use for the subject equipment 
I would like to suggest that the Bammel team fax the recorded hours before 
the 15th day of the following month to those listed below:
Cheryl Marshall (Asset Management)- fax 713-646-8416
Carol Carter (ECS accounting) - fax 713-646-3084
Roger Roedick (Planergy) - fax 713-468-1457
If anyone disagrees with this idea, please call Cheryl at 713-853-6250.
Gerald - as it relates to the Agreement - who are we doing business as Please let Carol Carter know also.
Steve, Attached is a short bullet point list of the results of our transport 
review.
Attached is the revised CSA
Steve, Attached are briefs of the agreements wrt Dunwoody interest in some of 
Teco's systems.  Please let me know if there is any section you need me to 
expand on.
Please review the attached.  Thanks
Stephanie,  Attached is the agreement with my comments redlined.  I would be 
happy to discuss with you or Kern at your convenience.
Linda Schibi  Mary Jo,
Below is the notice information you requested:
ADDRESS:
ESENJAY EXPLORATION, INC.
500 North Water Street
Suite 1100 South
Corpus Christi, Texas  78471
CONTACT:
Linda D. Schibi
Vice Vice President Marketing
PHONE:
Office: (361) 883-7364 ext:  267
Home: (361) 850-8403
Mobile:(361) 815-9510
FAX:
(361) 884-5420
TAX ID NO.:
73-1421000
INCORPORATED:
Delaware
Let me know if you need anything else.
Thanks,
Linda
Kay,  Please review attached.  Thanks.
Per Shonnie Daniel's request, I am forwarding Schedule I to the Participation 
Agreement.
John,  I have a flight this afternoon to San Antonio.  I will take this note 
with me and review.  I will call you either late this evening or tommorrow 
morning to discuss.
John Hodge@
01/12/2000 10:14 AM
As part of Enron's acquisition of the wholesale unit of Columbia Energy 
Exclusivity Clause
Section 3.4  This Agreement shall constitute the exclusive agreement by which 
Shipper shall seek to obtain a firm natural gas transportation service with 
respect to Shipper's MDQ, except for agreements pursuant to which Shipper 
contracts for the transportation of its MDQ to and from the Millennium 
Project.
Interpretive Letter
Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 3.4 of the Millennium Pipeline 
Project Precedent Agreement between the sponsors of the Millennium Pipeline 
FERC Order Clause
Section 5.1  If the FERC's order regarding Millennium's Certificate 
Application is not satisfactory and acceptable to Shipper in its sole 
discretion, then Shipper may terminate this Agreement by giving Millennium 
notice thereof within fifteen (15) days after the date of issuance of the 
FERC's order.  In the event that Millennium fails to receive approval of this 
Agreement from its Management Committee, to the extent required, Millennium 
may terminate this Agreement by giving Shipper fifteen (15) days prior notice.
Tom,  I would like to attend.  The 23rd is the better date for me.  Let me 
know. Thanks.
The Pipeline Joint Defense Group/TECALA, of which HPL is a member, has 
invited Texas Railroad Commission Chairman Tony Garza to come to Houston to 
meet with the group.   I have tentatively offered to include as part of the 
meeting a tour of the Enron Gas Control Room (can you do that, James?) for 
Chairman Garza and a small number of people from the Group (maybe about a 
dozen).  We would like a larger number of representatives from companies 
which are members of the Group to attend the general informal discussion with 
Chairman Garza, probably at either the Enron Building, The Met, or otherwise 
nearby.  Tentative dates are June 23 and June 30, probably in the middle of 
the day with lunch.
Please let me know whether or not you would like to attend the meeting, and 
if so what date(s) work for you, and I will pass the information on to Roxann 
Neumann, who is coordinating the meeting.  If you think any others would like 
to attend, give me a call (36417) or cc:mail.
Steve, Here it is.  Enjoy.
Let's talk.
David Juist  Dear Gerald:
In accordance with our conversation of yesterday regarding the Agreement
to Upgrade and Operate Natural Gas Pipeline Facilities (the "Upgrade
Agreement") I have reviewed the documents and investigated the location
of the metering station; the results are as follows:
* The existing sales contract provides quality and pressure
obligations.
* The existing sales contract provides for measurement of the gas.
* The existing sales contract provides for noncompliance with
quality obligations.
* As you indicated, the existing sales contract provides you have
no obligation to odorize the gas.
* The existing sales contract provides for the installation of
meters by Enron.  Part of the metering equipment was replaced under the
existing sales contract pursuant to an amendment (I will be pleased to
provide you a copy if you wish).
* The existing sales contract states that HTI is responsible for
all taxes except specifically excluded taxes; taxes measured by net
income are in the list of excluded taxes.
* The HPL Facilities are on property owned by HTI.  Accordingly,
company policy dictates that any subcontractor coming on HTI premises
must carry certain types of insurance that provides for certain
endorsements.  A sample provision is attached to this message.
On the basis of the meeting held in our offices on Monday with
representatives of your company, Niels Udengaard, our Vice President,
was under the impression that the Upgrade Agreement was no longer
required.  We are prepared to handle the matter in the manner formerly
used to replace metering equipment.
Please let me have your comments.
Sincerely,
Haldor Topsoe, Inc.
David R. Juist
Legal Counsel
Telephone:  281-228-5025
Facsimile: 281-228-5019
- INS-BayportVisitor-006.doc
Kay,  Please review the attached.  Thanks.
Brad,  Please reviewed the attached before we send to MidCon for their 
review.  Pay particular attention to the pressure committment sections. 
Thanks.
Steve,  Let's take out the reference to approaching the FERC in this letter I would emphasize that they have had more than enough time for a response and 
while we would like to think they are cooperating, the lack of response 
little reason to believe otherwise.  Suggest that any further delay would 
require us to explore all our options for access into CMS.
At this point I would feel more comfortable with suggesting we would need to 
go to FERC via a phone conversation with CMS.   Let me know if you want to 
discuss this further 
Gerald,
Please provide your comments, I would like to have this sent to their offices 
tomorrow by courrier no later than 10am.
Please provide any comments or suggestions.
Thanks,
Steve Morse
FYI.  Looks like it did have review after all.
OK.  Sounds great.  Thanks for the follow-up.
These types of agreements are handled by Doug Pedigo down here in Houston, 
who has already reviewed this contract 
Julie 
Let's see.  Meeting Kristi at a bar.   All signs point to YES.
Ryan.F.Ruppert@EXXON.sprint.com on 01/19/2000 08:28:26 AM
Date: January 19, 2000
RYAN F. RUPPERT
Geophysical User Support
Upstream Technical Computing
ExxonMobil Exploration Company
Hello everyone,