thanks so much
Jeff asked me to request Enpower access for someone in each region just in case.  You are the lucky ones.
Kam
Let me talk to the trader and I'll get back to you.  Usually the Risk Group is responsible for putting all of these various pricing issues on the tickets.
Mark
I'll forward to Phillip also,  someone in his group may have a Confirm sheet with the details on it.
Mark:
I am starting to make my way through the Consumers balances and I have some February issues that I thought you may be able to help me with.  We have sale deal 618840 which is for Consumers contract 5040-82-42.  It looks like the deal is priced correctly, but Consumers also invoiced us for a demand fee that we don't have.  It was for 500,00 at $0.0175.  They show it as a take or pay deal.  Do you have this confirmation or can you tell me if we have this deal booked right?  I also have several other deals that look like receivables for Enron, but they've never been paid.  They are 244662, 636507, 636515 and 387756.   Should we have billed Consumers?  I don't have any Consumers the confirms for Feb, so I can't check the deals.
Megan
A violation is a violation.  I suggest that you go big time next time in order to get your money's worth.
PL
Gosh , Kimat, this is so unfair... I get penalized for exceeding VAR by 1,000, and Derren by 1,000,000 and it's both 10,000 
:) Biliana
FYI, penalty of $10,000 each has been posted to your P&L for VAR violation.
Kimat
Christmas time is going to keep me from playing.  Thanks for the invite and congrats on the Big 12 south.
PL
I'm trying to get a feel for everyone's desire to play PAINTBALL in the next few weeks.  This would obviously not be sponsored by Enron b/c Enron doesn't have enough cash to buy anything right now.
So let me know if you would be interested and, if so, when you would be available to go.   The cost should be around $30-40 a person.
Please forward to anyone I have forgotten or might be interested.
-Eric
Can you please grant access to calc the ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL book to the following people:
ebrady
dgiron
plove
Thanks.
PL
none of these are mine.  sorry for the delayed response, I was on vacation.
PL
Dear all-
Could you all please review the attached list and see if these are any of your books (or if you know anything about them)?  If they are, could you please let me know if they should be included in the new RisktRAC hierarchy?  We ran a comparison from the active book list that I received from you all to what is currently shown as active in RisktRAC and came up with these differences.  Please let me know either way if any of these are your books so that I won't harass you anymore!  I need a response ASAP.
I appreciate your help!  Thanks,
Christy
that is not very nice.
PL
are you now back in the office?  When did you get back?  How is the baby?  Good I hope.
PL
Hi.
Cecilia Rodriguez
Enron Credit
713-853-3382 ph
713-345-4993 fax
grab me tomorrow and let's discuss.  I am not aware of which calc sheets she had to do, so let's look at them together and go from there.  I know Melissa does some also.  Thanks for pulling double duty training Michelle and doing the east desk.  Hope you had a good thanksgiving.
PL
Alejandra gave me a 5 min. crashcourse through the four calc sheets she updates at the end of the month.  I know that Kam knows about them so I'll just check with her but Alejandra also recommended splitting up these four sheets among everyone else to lighten the load...just a thought for next month.  Also, after training Michelle on Gd-Central and Gulf I definitely feel (hopefully not a false sense) ahead of the curve about the things i've learned...a compliment to your work also.
Edward C. Brady
Enron Net Works
Risk Management
713.853.5209
1.800.97ENRON ext.35209
here is the spreadsheet that you sent.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  I highlighted my changes in red.
PL
OK here is the spreadsheet. Please look at Sheet Kam and Sheet Phillip. On each sheet just put the names of primary and alternative approvers it doesn't matter is it is in your sheet or Philip's sheet. 
Thanks for your help, 
Erica Garcia
IT Security
3-6748
Erica,
I need to make some changes to the list of e-request approvers 
Anne Bike has left the group and I will be taking over all her requests.  Anything related to sitara and TDS for the west desk will now be my responsibility. 
Phillip Love should now be the approver for all TDS and sitara requests related to the EAST and VNG regions.
Scott Palmer will be responsible for TDS and sitara for Wellhead, Central and Chicago regions.
Please call me if you have any questions.
Thanks
Kam
x3-5781
 Yesterday, I was on the bus travelling home from work. A man of
 Arabic-appearance got off at the stop before mine and I noticed that he
had
 left his bag behind. I grabbed the bag and ran after him, caught up with
him
 and handed him back his bag. He was extremely grateful to me and when he
 checked the contents of his bag I noticed what appeared to be large
bundles
 of banknotes and white powder. He looked around, Made sure nobody was
 looking and whispered to me: