- Enron WHAT HAPPENS IF DYNEGY ACQUIRES ENRON.doc   - Enron WHAT HAPPENS IF I'M LAID OFF.doc  
No. Sounds right. 
Yes. I have been working those. After I get all info I wil probably consolidate and give to sharon for keping but I think it make sense forme to consolidate all info on these employees. Thanks. M
Unfortunately, I do not think we'll have time for this today, given other critical priorities.  I would suggest that the deadline may be slipping in light of other activities 
Michelle
Hello Michelle and Lizzette,
I wanted to touch base with both of you before the approval deadline (tomorrow, November 15th) for the EEO and Harassment Prevention policies.  If you have additional revisions/suggestions that you would like to submit, please let me know 
Thanks in advance for your assistance!
Wendy Fincher
Can you provide some insight?  Thanks.  Michelle
In a message dated 11/13/01 11:10:20 PM Pacific Standard Time, Michelle.Cash@ writes: 
Can we use credited service date for sev calc?  I have a 
person who was hired in 1997, left in 1999 and was rehired 
in April 2001.  The system is using a 1998 service date 
for severance.  I calculated in on the 2001 re hire date. 
Michelle, since the Plan is not administered centrally, it can be a challenge to learn what past practices were, especially if they differed from different work groups.  I've have always recommended centralized administration because an ERISA plan is required to be administered uniformly and consistently in similar circumstances One place to check about past practices is Cynthia Barrow's group.  You may not know what all past practices were until the conclusion of discovery related to litigation I don't know what past practices were, but I would start with Cynthia's group which I view as the source and reference point as to what the recommended practices should be. 
Pat 
Hi, Janette and Diane,
Based on my conversations with Mark, we are going to revise this letter a bit.  So, hold off on giving them to him until the next round! 
Thanks.
Michelle
Janette:
At Michelle Cash's request, I have prepared the attached letters for the CEO and two managing directors of RWE Trading.  We have set the letters up to go to both the Germany and United Kingdom addresses.  We are still working on an address and name for the General Counsel.  Since their London office is closed for the day, it will probably be Thursday morning before I get those details.
Please call me if you need additional information. Thanks.
Diane Goode
Senior Specialist
The intent is not to include 16b officers.  Payments will not be made if termination occurs prior to payment date.  I'll get back with you on the other issues.  Michelle
Just got off conference call with Wachovia to review trust arrangement particularly to ensure that this is effective in not triggering tax until time of payment rather than triggering tax at funding of trust.  We think this arrangement does that as long as the following is true:
Funds put in trust should not be paid out until 2002 to provide for "service period/vesting" requirement
Must be irrevocable i.e. funds can never come back to employer so need to be careful not to overfund
Also, to keep from being subject to ERISA, need to assume that payments are not delayed until termination.  (IF subject to ERISA, creates ugly reporting/compliance issues and discrimination testing 
The issue of whether to set up a new employer i.d. to hold the trust is a question - might provide more security and protection in the event of bankruptcy but might create tax deductibility issues.  Might be better if we could set up subparts for different employers to ensure tax deductibility.  I will run by external tax counsel with utmost discretion 
If this is to be used for non-U.S. employees, need to ensure arrangement doesn't trigger taxable event at funding due to local tax law.  May not be an issue.
Are we contemplating including any insiders?
Dan. I spoke with GP benefits counsel this morning. There are several business issues outstanding. Fran is trying to get with McMahon to get his take on tham. He is at EB where she is doing a Super Saturday. 
Janette:
At Michelle Cash's request, I have prepared the attached letters for the CEO and two managing directors of RWE Trading.  We have set the letters up to go to both the Germany and United Kingdom addresses.  We are still working on an address and name for the General Counsel.  Since their London office is closed for the day, it will probably be Thursday morning before I get those details.
Please call me if you need additional information. Thanks.
Diane Goode
Senior Specialist
Diane,  attached is the new nastygram.  Would you mind moving the names/addresses from the first draft into these (or move this text into the other -- whichever is easiest!!) and then sending to Janette for Mark's review?  Thanks!  Michelle 
Never mind on this -- Twanda took care of it.  Thanks!!  Michelle
Diane,  attached is the new nastygram.  Would you mind moving the names/addresses from the first draft into these (or move this text into the other -- whichever is easiest!!) and then sending to Janette for Mark's review?  Thanks!  Michelle 
As we discussed, here is the second set of Q&As.   Your comments would be appreciated.  Michelle
Please review the questions and answers in the attached spreadsheet.  Michelle Cash has reviewed the attached answers and will forward to other relevant/appropriate legal counsel for final review.  Please forward any revisions to me.  Thanks, Cole.
FYI -- I guess we'll all be busy.  Michelle
Michelle and Kriste: 
You probably know about this case already, but this was filed this week in Federal Court: 
Pamela Tittle et al. v. Enron Corp. et al. 
11/13/2001-3913 
The description of the facts are: 
Possible class action ERISA violation case in which the defendants failed to fulfill their fiduciary duties to an Enron employee retirement plan by misrepresenting the financial status of hedging agreements made with third party partnerships.
The plaintiff's attorney is Robin Harrison.  I know Robin quite well.  He does not do that much employment work, and is more of a commercial litigator.  As you know, I have done a substantial amount of ERISA work and would be interested in helping Enron out on this case.  Please let me know what we can do to help.
Kerry E Notestine 
Littler Mendelson, PC 
1900 Chevron Tower 
1301 McKinney Street 
Houston, Texas 77010 
713.652.4748 
713.951.9212 (fax) 
knotestine@littler.com 
www.littler.com 
Thanks!  I needed a little levity.  Michelle
Mark Taylor
Vice President and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
1400 Smith Street - EB3892
Houston, Texas 77008
(713)853-7459
(713)646-3490 (fax)
FYI
I have been asked to coordinate messaging and communication between the HR generalists and the Enron Human Resource Transition Coordination Team.  To that end, we will have an update meeting TODAY for HR Generalists to discuss activities that have occurred over the last few days and to ensure all of you have the same level of knowledge.  Your attendance is important to ensure the seamless flow of information across business lines. 
Meeting Details
Date:		TODAY, November 15th
Time:		3:30 p.m.
Location:	EB50M1 Dining
Conference Call Details:
Domestic:		888.422.7132
International:		334.264.8326
Participant Code:	784086
We realize that this process is taking time and we appreciate your continued patience and cooperation.  Should you have any questions or concerns about the process, please do not hesitate to contact me directly.
Cindy Skinner
Office 713. 853.0693
Cellular	713.412.9101
Home 281.412.4069
In case you didn't get this.  Michelle
=20
=20
Please join us for an EWS HR Floor meeting -=20
When : Friday, November 16th
Where : Around EB 3678
Time : 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
Please forward this on to anyone I might have left off of the distribution list. Thank you.
=20
Although this is EWS floor meeting, you may want to come to hear the messages being delivered.  MHC
=20
=20
Please join us for an EWS HR Floor meeting -=20
When : Friday, November 16th
Where : Around EB 3678
Time : 8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
Please forward this on to anyone I might have left off of the distribution list. Thank you.
=20
Here are the details.  Michelle
OK. Should be payable to Enron Corp.,
I'll get letter drafted. Michelle, please help.
David, a couple of things:
1. Cheque. Will need to write you a UK cheque, have assumed an FX rate of
1.45 and and the Dollar amount is 77,919.66 , so that makes 53,737.70
Sterling. Who do I need to make the cheque out to? Can you also wait until I
give you the nod next week to cash it? The money should be in the account by
monday, but would like to make certain.
2. Could we draw up something brief in writing to cover our agreement from a
few evenings ago?
Everything hectic at present, we managed to get a removals company at short
notice, a flight back to blighty this weekend, and somewhere to stay in
London. Looking forward to working with the Enron Europe guys again.
Thanks for your help in all of this,
Jonathan
_________________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free @yahoo.com address at  
OK. Final word is as follows;
Can we change para on bonus on exhibit a by deleting sentence beginning "All Performance Bonuses are discretionary...." and in addition also deleting the words in the second para "...under the Plan.." from the first sentence.
This is final change. He will sign or die.
David
David,
Just a question as to whether Dynegy has been notified that we are amending the contracts of these guys to delete minimum or target bonus and replacing with performance bonus memo?  We may want to send a brief email confirming the discussions and their consent so that we have it for our files.
Thanks.
Michelle
I understand your point on this and agree that someone may try to argue that it is due to them upon signing the offer letter.  Our practice and intent has been to pay after they start, and I believe that the letter refers to payment after they start, so there is some wiggle room on the other side.
I agree that it is not a "slam dunk" on our part, but my view is that the risk is worth not doing anything unless and until we get some sort of demand or claim.  We then can cross the bridge as to how to proceed.  In the meantime, I am comfortable with this level of risk.
Of course, if these folks are ones to whom we are paying any money, then the waiver should address the signing bonus issue.
Ya'll let me know if you disagree.
The initial view on this was that we should not pay signing bonuses when we revoke offers of employment, but I have continued to give thought to the issue and my concerns.  It appears that our offer letters refer to the bonus as a "sign-on bonus" and "signing bonus" and state that it will be paid within 30 days of hire.  The letter does not address what to do if we revoke, or if the applicant revokes 
I think that based on the "signing" language, applicants could argue that because they signed, we owe signing bonuses 
On the other hand, signing alone really can't be enough to justify payment; I don't think anyone would buy off on the idea that an applicant could sign, refuse to show up, and still be owed the bonus 
Balancing those considerations, I think a viable argument can be made that an applicant who signs and professes a willingness to still show up must be paid the promised signing bonus.  As such, I think we have some exposure here.  I can't assess how much, in part because I don't have an estimate of the dollars at issue.  I do, however, understand that we plan to revoke approximately 100 offers, not necessarily all of which will involve signing bonuses. 
Any thoughts?
--Lizzette
Has this been approved by David Oxley?  If not, we can't proceed.  Thanks.  Michelle
Michelle,
Please run Scott Earnest's executables from his last draft.
Thanks,
Dave 
The meeting with Mark Haedicke has been scheduled for 2:00 tomorrow. 
Kerry, I suggest that you arrive by 1:45, as our security has increased significantly.  By copy of this email, I am asking Twanda to call the security console to alert them of your arrival.  Please ask for me when you arrive -- extension 36401.
We'll meet with Mark and then meet with David Oxley, who runs HR for the company, to discuss your role while I am out and beyond.
Thanks.
Michelle
Hi Dawn,
I am working on a project that requires the review of employment contracts.  I do not have signed copies of several Enron Canada agreements.  Would you mind faxing them down to me via Twanda as soon as possible on Friday?  We are on a Lavo deadline.   Thanks.
The people are:  Chad Clark, Mike Cowan, Paul Devries, Eric LeDain, Chris Dorland, John McKay, and John Zufferli (only if he signed the one we did for Enron Canada for him-- I have the ENA one dated 12/24/99).
I appreciate your assistance.  Please call Twanda before the fax arrives, as it is a central legal department fax and not a private one.
Thanks a lot!!
Michelle
Twanda, how can we get these?  Can we enlist Knudsen's help?  Thanks.  Michelle
I am away from the office on Nov 16th, returning Nov 19th - I'll respond to your email on Nov 19th. 
Thank you.
Based on my review of the files, we do not have signed agreements for the following:
Tom Alonso*
Mark Fischer*
Ben Jacoby
Laura Luce
Mike McDonald
Narsimha Misra
Dave Parquet
Gregg Penman
Frank Vickers
Andy Zipper
Would you mind asking the vault if they have these?  If not, could you get with Knudsen to get them?
Thanks.  (By the way, no one should know why).
Thanks a lot!!
Michelle
Eric,
As mentioned in my voice mail, Pat McCarthy is the attorney we use for GSP employment matters.  I believe that he may be better suited to answer your questions (and may have the time while I am out on vacation next week).   His number is 973-966-8117.   I have left him a voice mail telling him that you may give him a call, so he will be prepared.
I hope that is helpful.
Michelle
Absolutely, I agree with that.  Michelle
agreed that there is some wiggle room because of the 30 days to pay language.  and, the waiver does address the signing bonus-- specifically states they won't get it  
but with some employees, the signing bonus may exceed the amount we're offering for the waiver, so the incentive may be to not sign.  i suggest we remain open to considering paying the signing bonus if we get strong push back from an applicant.
I understand your point on this and agree that someone may try to argue that it is due to them upon signing the offer letter.  Our practice and intent has been to pay after they start, and I believe that the letter refers to payment after they start, so there is some wiggle room on the other side.
I agree that it is not a "slam dunk" on our part, but my view is that the risk is worth not doing anything unless and until we get some sort of demand or claim.  We then can cross the bridge as to how to proceed.  In the meantime, I am comfortable with this level of risk.
Of course, if these folks are ones to whom we are paying any money, then the waiver should address the signing bonus issue.
Ya'll let me know if you disagree. 
The initial view on this was that we should not pay signing bonuses when we revoke offers of employment, but I have continued to give thought to the issue and my concerns.  It appears that our offer letters refer to the bonus as a "sign-on bonus" and "signing bonus" and state that it will be paid within 30 days of hire.  The letter does not address what to do if we revoke, or if the applicant revokes 
I think that based on the "signing" language, applicants could argue that because they signed, we owe signing bonuses 
On the other hand, signing alone really can't be enough to justify payment; I don't think anyone would buy off on the idea that an applicant could sign, refuse to show up, and still be owed the bonus 
Balancing those considerations, I think a viable argument can be made that an applicant who signs and professes a willingness to still show up must be paid the promised signing bonus.  As such, I think we have some exposure here.  I can't assess how much, in part because I don't have an estimate of the dollars at issue.  I do, however, understand that we plan to revoke approximately 100 offers, not necessarily all of which will involve signing bonuses. 
Any thoughts? 
--Lizzette 
I like the message and agree that communication is critical at this time.  Should we go right out and say that no one will be affected next week (more artfully phrased of course)?  I believe that is the right way to go (no terminations Thanksgiving week), so I'd like to go ahead and say it.  Michelle
Eric & Michelle,
Fran & Shanna would like to send this out to all EIM and EGM employees today from their respective OTC.  David and I have reviewed and agree that we should send.  We would like your thoughts and/or suggestions.
Thanks,
Robert
FYI, I drafted this for Bowen to send out to All EIM employees in an effort to allay their fears that terminations will be
occurring either today or next next.
Fran
This week, each business unit has been asked to identify the optimal structure and resources for EIM on a going forward basis 	 While the review is not complete, we are close to finalizing decisions surrounding the business and the employees associated with them 	
Until the final decisions have been made, I ask for your continued patience. You will be notified at the appropriate time regarding the future 
of the team 
Please take the opportunity to enjoy the time with your family next week at Thanksgiving and know that we are 
working hard on finalizing all details.
Fran Mayes
HR Manager
Phone (713) 853-7211
Fax (713) 646-8100
Cell/Pager  713 875-3820 or
7138753820@messaging.nextel.com
FYI.  Michelle
Michelle--
This is from Gloria (at my spouseperson's laptop).  Attached below is my mark-up of the HR agreement sent to you earlier in the day by Lara.  A few comments:
*	I am willing to confine employment offers under 2.01(a) to "then available" jobs, so long as you are willing to confine the exclusion to folks on LTD.
*	I changed sick "leave" in the "vacation and sick leave" section to sick "pay," since we don't have sick days and I didn't want to confuse FMLA-- which, as I know you know, is not transferable between employers.
*	The language at 2.15(c) is essentially yours (which had gotten deleted), plus an additional clause in light of 2.01(a).
*	I added section 2.01(d) in light of the decisions regarding Simon Davies and John Reed, whose names will be deleted from Schedule B.
I will be in a meeting out of the office tomorrow a.m., but Lara knows how to reach me and I can be interrupted if you want to discuss any of this further.  I understand we're trying to get this stuff signed up tomorrow afternoon, so we should probably discuss as early in the day as we can.
Gloria
- 331540_1_.doc 
I have retained Kerry Notestine from Littler Mendelson to help me on this project, so we don't need to get Bob Vote involved.
Michelle, 
After our conversation on Wednesday, we put together a summary of RIF Issues and Strategies to review with the key HR personnel.  Attached is a copy of the summary for your review.  In addition, attached is a copy of recommendations from a compliance  perspective on areas that we would like to see considered as plans are made.  Robert Jones has recommended that we meet with you and Robert Vote from a litigation perspective on what we should be looking at from a compliance standpoint, specifically with adverse impact analysis.  Please let me know when we can quickly get together. Thanks. ay
Andrea Yowman 
Enron Corp 
713-853-1477
yes, that would be great. Michelle
Michelle/Diane -
Do you want the same info from EEL?  We have record of approx.140 employment agreements in our database from EEL - some are expats, most are locals.  Please advise ASAP as we will need to get the London HR team working on theirs. 
Sheila
Sheila:  I understand Tammy is on vacation.  We need  someone to review the database that Tammy Joyner maintains and determine if the Business Unit named in the Employment Agreement is actually the Business Unit the employee is currently working for. If the employee is now working for a different Business Unit, then we will need to make sure the Agreement gets assigned to the appropriate Business Unit. 
So, we need a list of the employees whose Agreements to be assigned.
Please let me know who can get started on this project. 
By copy of this e-mail, we are asking Fran Mayes, Jeanie Slone, Shanna Funkhouser and Kim Melodick to let us know of any Agreements that need to be assigned.  We need to do this clean-up as soon as possible.
Cole, here are the revisions to the benefit plan q&a doc.  I think these are ready to go if these comments are incorporated -- but check with Barrow on them.  On your question about being able to put some of them on the web, let's go through which ones can go and which ones need to be further reviewed.  Thanks.  Michelle
Document attached. 
- Merger Q&As m1.doc 
I agree, unless some of them have moved from EEL to ENA or vice versa.  In that situation, we definitely want to know about it so that the docs can be assigned.  Michelle
Michelle/Diane -
Please see Michele's response below.  With her explanation of how their agreements are structured, is this a relevant exercise for them to go through?
Sheila
Sheila,
We have been advising Houston this week that the Comp Database is not a reliable source of information for our Executive Agreements - we use SAP as our source information system.
However, please note that we do not have separate legal employing entities in the UK, for example EBS or EGM employees will always be hired on an Enron Europe Ltd. contract.  Therefore, all of our contracts should and do say Enron Europe Ltd. or if someone is employed in a regional office the employee will be employed under the legal entity for that office.  Given this, I am not sure whether the below will still be relevant - perhaps if you could let me know the objective here we will know which direction to go.
As it is late in the day / week here, we will pull our own report on Monday and double check on this then 
Thanks and  
Michele
We have been asked by  Legal to audit all employment agreements to determine if the Business Unit named in the Employment Agreement is actually the BU the employee currently works for.  If the employee is now working for a different BU, the agreement will then be assigned to the appropriate BU.  The attached is a list of EEL agreements we pulled from  the Comp Database.  Can you review these agreements and note any which should be assigned to another BU.  Please add any we do not have on this list.
London/Houston Legal will need to coordinate on any assignments for those that have non-US based agreements.
They have asked for this info early next week.  Sorry for the short notice - we just got the request today.
Please call me or Kari Oquinn if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help.
Sheila
According to the Comp DB, the EEs indicated on the attachment are EEL's employees with Executable EE Agrmts.
Pat, please let me know if my email of last night did not go through.  I am in the office now 713-853-6401.  Thanks!!  Michelle
Hi Michelle, 
I received your voice message about drafting an amendment to the Severance Pay Plan, but I have not received your email describing the design of the amendment. 
I have already drafted two amendments, a restated plan document and a form of resolution terminating the plan.  I should be able to make something fit the design you are sending me. 
I have canceled plans for the morning so that I can help with this project, and look forward to working with you to finalize the amendment. 
Pat 
FYI, Sharon will handle maintaining the list of all persons who are critical witnesses in future litigation so that we can take that into consideration when managing personnel decisions.  Michelle
Dear Michelle:. I'll be happy to keep the list.  Sharon
FYI -- I've been reviewing most of the Q&As on the questions raised post merger announcement.  I don't think you need to do much, but I wanted you to be aware that this was going on.  Michelle
Cynthia, I have incorporated Patrick Mackin's revisions per Michelle Cash's instruction.  Please review and let me know whether the Q&As are ready for final publication.  Your assistance in this regard is greatly appreciated.  Thanks, Cole.
Cole, here are the revisions to the benefit plan q&a doc.  I think these are ready to go if these comments are incorporated -- but check with Barrow on them.  On your question about being able to put some of them on the web, let's go through which ones can go and which ones need to be further reviewed.  Thanks.  Michelle
Document attached. 
- Merger Q&As m1.doc 
Lizzette and Ryan,
Kriste and I substantially revised the waiver agreement today, so sit tight.
Kriste, do you want to add the mediation provision?  I'll leave that to you.
Michelle
Ryan,
I'm sending back down the mark ups to the rif packet you sent to me.  On the waiver, I've scratched out some paragraphs and told you I would send other language.  This is it.  Call with questions.
4.=09Employee Benefits.  Except as otherwise provided in Section ___((the paragraph with the dollar amount)), Employee shall be entitled to receive vested or accrued benefits due and payable to Employee under all employee benefit plans and compensation plans, subject to the terms of those plans.=20
5.3.=09Cooperation.  Employee agrees that, at Company's request, he or she will devote reasonable time necessary to assist in Company's litigation matters, including, but not limited to, meeting with counsel, providing testimony at depositions or trial, and related activities.
To the release paragraph (right after the bolded paragraph saying employee releases everything.... add this section (you may need to organize the sections):
b.=09This release does not apply to or include the consideration or benefits described in Section 2 above or to other promises and representations contained in this Agreement.  This release also does not apply to claims which may arise after the date this release is signed. Employee understands that he or she may challenge the knowing and voluntary nature of this release under the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA) and the ADEA before a court, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), or any state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any discrimination laws, despite the release language stated above. Employee also understands that nothing in this release prevents him or her from filing a charge or complaint with or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or any state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any discrimination laws.  Employee understands, however, that if he or she pursues a claim against Company under the OWBPA and/or the ADEA, Company may seek to set off the amount paid to Employee for signing this release against any award he or she may obtain in such legal proceeding, and Company may be entitled to recover costs and attorney's fees incurred by the Company as specifically authorized under applicable federal or state law.
Also add this:
d.=09Employee acknowledges, agrees, and represents to Company that:
(i)=09Employee has carefully read and fully understands the effect of the provisions of this Agreement, which he or she is entering knowingly and voluntarily;
(ii)=09Employee has had a reasonable time of not less than 45 days in which to consider this Agreement;
(iii)=09Employee was advised and encouraged to consult an attorney prior to executing this Agreement with respect to the effect of the provisions of this paragraph and Employee's execution of this Agreement; and
(iv)=09Employee acknowledges that he or she has received information concerning the age and job titles of other persons in his or her job classification or organizational unit, if any, who are remaining employed with the Company, as well as the job titles and ages of the persons being offered payments upon voluntary separation.  The voluntary separation applies to the groups, for the time periods, and based on the eligibility factors set forth in the attached Exhibit "A."
=09Employee may revoke this Agreement during the seven-day period following the date Employee signs this Agreement by delivering signed, written notice of such revocation to Human Resources and as required under Section __, whereupon this Agreement shall be rescinded in its entirety and become null and void. =20
Add this as well:=20
7.10=09Mediation.  If a dispute arises out of or related to Employee's employment with Company, or this Agreement, and if the dispute cannot be settled through direct discussions, then Company and Employee agree to try to settle the dispute in an amicable manner by confidential mediation before having recourse to any other proceeding or forum.
Please send it to me again, and I will help organize as needed and check to see if we need to add any other major provisions. =20
--Lizzette
FYI.  Let us know if these folks are appropriate to include on our "critical for litigation" list.  Thanks!  Michelle
I'm wanting to use Martin Saachi and Steven Sheldon, both directors from EBS.  The quant work would be people from Vince's shop that are probably not as effected by the 'surplusing'.  I'll confirm Monday.  Thanks, Sherron.
I need to have the names as soon as possible, even if they may choose not to do it.  Thanks.  Michelle
Michele - I have not yet gotten a hold of the 2 individuals I'd like to work with on this.  Mark H. had asked me not speak to them until after I'd met with Richard Sanders.  At any rate, I should be able to speak to them next week and get their names to you - I want to ensure that they want to work on the project.  I'll be in touch as soon as possible next week.   , Sherron
Sherron S. Watkins
Vice President, Enron Corp.
713-345-8799 office
713-416-0620 cell
Thanks a lot for managing this!
Mike Muskat called me back this morning.  I've passed along my comments and changes.  He will send a revised version today for your review next.
Lizzette
This will just be Rome and Enron.  Although we believe that most of his claims really are against HMS, his lawyer is claiming that Enron used HMS to defraud Rome.  His lawsuit will be against only Enron.  Therefore, it makes no sense to drag HMS into this at this point (although they probably will have to be involved in some fashion after suit is filed 
Have we received a list of other people that will be involved in the mediation?  Hanover Compressor, Hanover Measurement, etc.
Kevin
I have spoken with Kevin on this.  Rome's attorney has asked for a mediation with Gary McGowan, who is an outstanding mediator.  We have agreed.  My paralegal, Diane Goode, will be calling you to schedule the mediation time as well as time for a preparation meeting.  I am in the process of preparing a chronology of events for you and Kevin, since he said that you should be the one involved in such a mediation.
If, prior to that, you would like to engage Rome in settlement discussions directly, feel free to do so.  I doubt that he will want to talk about it without his lawyer.
He still is an employee, but his deadline for redeployment is 10/31, at which time his employment will be terminated.  We will continue to honor his contract and pay him through the end of the Term, although he will not remain an employee of Enron.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Michelle
Michelle:
What is the status of Bill Rome?  Kevin Garland would like me to take another run at reaching some mutually agreeable solutioin with Bill.  Have we paid him the remainder of his contract?
Kevin
Valeria,
I agree that we need her to execute that note by a date certain.  This has gone on too long.
Michelle
This is really great news!  I think that we need to let her know that Dale is interested in having her transfer to his group but we still have the outstanding issue of the promissory note.  We need to let her know that she needs to take care of that matter or she will not be able to retain her employment with Enron.  Since she has had it for quite some time we need to give her a short window to comply.  What do you think?
Valeria
Valeria/Michelle -  Chevondra was offered a 30-day trail period working for Dale Neuner and if she was successful in her efforts, then she would have an option to officially transfer to Dale's department.  The trial period was complete as of November 15th and Dale has contacted EGM HR requesting the transfer of Chevondra into his group.
However, there was a contingency in Chevondra's transfer.  She was to sign a promissory note (for outstanding personal calls on a company cell phone), as well as return the company cell phone.  Shanna and I are unaware of  the cell phone or the signed promissory note being returned at this time. 
Could you please provide the recommended next steps 
Kim Hickok 
Staff - EGM HR 
Office: 713-345-4019 
Pager: 877-547-6061 
Lance,
Thanks for passing this message on -- it is good to know what is on the rumor mill, and nobody who knows what I do ever passes those on to me directly!
I believe that we should carefully stay away from any statement that cuts are based on mid-year PRC, as that would not be the best legal defense to have 
Instead, HR, with assistance from legal, has put forth a matrix for businesses to use in determining which employees, if any, will be affected.  Listed on that matrix include factors such as job criticality (which is weighted to be twice as significant as any of the other factors), ability to perform several different types of jobs, business knowledge, leadership, teamwork, and historical performance over the last 18 months.  PRC results would not be the sole factor.  Otherwise, someone who is the only person who knows how to do a mission-critical job might be affected simply because he rated out lower at mid-year review.  That result obviously would be disasterous.
Michelle
W. Lance Schuler
Lance,
I have been told that all cuts will be based on PRC.  Kristina Mordaunt was my last reviewer and I have serious doubts about the fairness of her review.  If this becomes an issue, I would appreciate it if you would talk to Paul Racicot and Jim Fallon about the quality of my performance at EBS.  Thanks
I think this looks good.  For simplicity, I would use the ethnic codes we have in datamart/sap rather than creating new ones. That makes it easier to populate.  One other field to add would be visa status  
As with the other documents, I believe that the population of these documents can be done now, with just the blank for "yes" or "no" for layoff waiting for the rest of the process.  You probably will have to run these by the generalist, Valeria or someone in ER team, and the attorneys for the special risk factors column.
Be sure and mark this document as privileged and confidential, prepared at the direction of counsel, so that we can protect the privilege of this document if necessary.
Thanks.
Michelle
I took a shot at combining the two spreadsheets.  Michelle, please provide correct ethic codes (I just guessed).  Tana, I'll need some help formatting the "Yrs. of Svc." and "Age" columns to calculate after we input date of hire and date of birth.  Comments?
Thanks,
Cindy
Pat, I really like that approach.  Looks great to me!  Michelle
Document attached. 
- 2k01 sc design m2.doc  
Kriste, did you get this?  If not, I think it really works!!  Michelle
Document attached. 
- 2k01 sc design m2.doc 
Pat, I am not sure if your email to Kriste went through -- I've forwarded it to her.  BUt, FYI, her address is kriste.sullivan@.  Thanks for all your help!
Document attached. 
- 2k01 sc design m2.doc  
Kriste,
I believe that all but one of the amendments/bonus memo documents are complete.  The only one in question is for Brian Redmond, whose contract we did not have.  Jeanie is going to pull the contract in the morning and give it to Twanda.  Twanda will prepare the draft amendment and change to the memo and get it to Kriste for finalizing 
Then (I hope) we'll be done 
Thanks.
Michelle
PS, the number to the grammar hotline is 713-221-8670.
Stewart called me last week for some advice.  I had to leave a message for him when I called him back.  So, I gave him your names as backup in case he needs immediate assistance 
Just wanted you to know that he might be calling one of you.
Michelle
David,
Late last week, I received a call from Kristen Kracraft, who does employment law at Dynegy.  She indicated that they would like for there to be a protocol for how to handle things if there is a desire to allow the hiring of employees from Dynegy to Enron or vice versa.  Of course, such hiring would have to be coordinated at the top of the company to avoid any type of free-for-all.  At a minimum, I would think that you and Andrea Lang would have to be the ones who make the decisions.  With that thought, I have asked Tim O'Rourke's team to work on such a protocol.
In the meantime, Kristen mentioned that one person in Rick Shapiro's group wants to go to Dynegy.  She understood that Shapiro had said it was ok.  Do you know about that?  If not, should you give Andrea a call about it?  I am concerned about the floodgate effect, so I believe we should proceed with extreme caution.
Let me know your thoughts on this 
Michelle
Michelle,
I rec'vd the FAXed DRAFT document for Laird Dyer.  The contract is fine.  Please execute the agreement and send to Robert to sign.
NOTE:  There is not a signed copy of the Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights Agreement in Laird's file.  He is signing the Agreement w/ today's date (10/15/01).
Thanks!  Julie K
Julie Kearney
EWS Human Resources
503) 464-7404
julie_kearney@
Here is a proposed communication regarding severance plan changes.  This proposal makes me most nervous.  My recommendation would be to let everyone know it has been restated and attach an electronic copy of the new plan, thus letting the plan speak for itself.  We then could arm HR with a list of FAQs to address the changes without publishing anything other than the plan to the population as a whole.  What do you think?
Also, Kriste, we will have to determine the audience for severance plan communication, as not all Enron entities have this plan (e.g., NEPCO).  Same thing with vacation 
Michelle
Here's a revised version of the severence/policy memo.  Michele, should we discuss how to address the severence plan in an email?  I included an alternative here to direct people to a website with the plan.
I am a bit unclear.  Are these ready for my final review yet?  If so, I will get right on them.  Michelle
Thanks for the info, Rick.  We also need to add one more question to the supervisor Q&A:  Will I still receive severance if the company files for bankruptcy? thx. kd
Mary, based on the most current information 1.	A&B employees will receive bonus consideration however the amount is not dependant or determined by their A / B designation.   Accordingly, any mention of bonus in the scripts will need to rely on what we have said in the past, I.E. Bonus will be dependant on financial performance and employee contributions over the past year As result of this interpitation, Bonus, albeit a element of retention, should not be included as an inducement to retention at this time.  (source - Aaron Brown) 
2.	The employees on the D - list are being placed on paid furlough and being terminated at a known date in the future.  That period of earning calculated to be a severance plan offset.   Employees who work up to their specific term date ( C-list) will be receiving their normal pay; then their severance pay, without a severance plan offset.  Michelle Cash is working with Pat Mackin to define the severance plan features that will govern this timing and the corresponding explanations I have a couple of questions about the scripts that Rick Johnson sent me
1.  For A and B employees, will there be bonuses.  It's crossed out on the A script and left in the B script.
2.  In the C script:
Please explain what a 60-day notice w/o severance plan off-set means.
When does severance go into effect for C employees?  It's not clear in the script.
Thanks.
Mary E. Clark
Director, Internal Communications
Phone:  713-853-7325
Fax:  713-853-6790
e-mail:  mary.clark@
Thanks, I agree.  Michelle
In a message dated 11/25/01 2:35:26 PM Pacific Standard Time, Michelle.Cash@ writes: 
My recommendation would be to let 
everyone know it has been restated and attach an electronic copy of the 
new plan, thus letting the plan speak for itself. 
Michelle, this was the combined recommendation of Kriste, Kerry N. and myself Pat 
Karen, is this now ready for my review?
Here are my edits and some additional questions 
Attached please find the Q&A for supervisors.  Please forward your review and comment version to Michelle Cash for legal compliance. -  Please note, the internal HR Q&A document, containing details on comp and benefits will not be circulated until noon Monday at the earliest  , Rj.
This is great!  Thanks for the info.  Michelle
Kevin / Michelle:
As I get ready for this mediation, I thought that these various presentations to ECT senior management (McConnell, Pres. of HPL, Rice and Hannon) would be helpful.  Special attention to the Hannon presentation which clearly shows that the real benefits of this new company were NOT primarily related to the monetization of the equipment (which Bill Rome contends), but instead were related to new business earnings and substantial cost savings.  This also has proved itself out as we go forward.
Kevin
for a little laugh, but walks through the original deal strategic concept (which has nothing to do with a financing)
what you used to sell the deal to mcconnell
and the versions given to rice and hannon respectively
and the presentation given to hms employees re: new business opportunity
have saved other analysis, etc if you need it 
This is fine, but is it harsh enough 
Michelle,
Below is a draft discipline letter for your approval.  It is intended to be used with employees who are determined to be posting to web-based bulleting boards during company hours.
You approved this a year or so ago, but I wanted to run it by you again in case anything has changed.
Ben
NAME,
An investigation has determined that you have participated in discussions on web-based bulletin boards during working hours.  Your comments, posted using company equipment and using a name intended to hide your identity, concerned Enron issues that could possibly be construed as insider information.  This activity is in direct violation of Enron's Code of Ethics You are to immediately cease this activity and come into compliance with Enron's Code of Ethics. Repeated violations will subject you to further discipline, up to and including termination.
Supervisor/HR Rep
DATE
I got a call from Rome's lawyer, who wants to call the whole thing off because he doesn't think he'll get the money he wants.  I told him we were ready and willing to proceed.  He was going to call the mediator to see if he could cancel without incurring the mediation fees.  So, I'll keep you posted.  Michelle
Michelle:
I am currently leading the due diligence effort for Northern Natural Gas and Transwestern Pipeline as it relates to the Dynegy merger.  Dynegy has scheduled an all day due diligence session this Thursday beginning at 9 a.m. which obviously conflicts with the Bill Rome Mediation.  First thought: can we re-schedule? Second thought: the Dynegy meeting will be here at Enron - I can be in and out of the meeting but need to be here in the building.  In addition, how long will this take?  I would rather not re-schedule the mediation if at all possible but can't re-schedule the Dynegy meeting either.
Kevin
I am not sure I understand the question.  Give me a call when you have a chance.  Michelle
Michelle, any and all help on this one would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks, Cole.
Tim, a new kind of question.  Can you run this one by Michelle?
With all of the losses and their tax implications, is there a company resource we can use for information rather than struggling to find information ourselves?  Also, a number of employees (in this area) are considering bankruptcy, is Enron considering contracting with a Legal Firm to help employees in this area?
Craig Buehler  x3-6964
My recommendation would be that we don't comment at all, but let the terms of the Plan and the related waivers speak for themselves.  We cannot provide them with legal advice.  Michelle
Here is my suggested response:
Enron's policy is to not comment on current litigation.  With respect to severance, if an Enron employee is let go prior to the merger, and is eligible for benefits under the Enron Corp. Severance Plan, then the terms of that plan will govern.  No changes to the severance plan have been made at this time.  In general, however, any severance waiver signed will include a release of claims for any and all conduct that has occurred to date.  Post merger, employees will be eligible for benefits under whatever severance plan the merged company adopts, including with respect to waiver requirements 
--Lizzette
Lizzette, can you help us draft an answer to these questions?  Thanks, Cole.
Rick or Cole,
PR received the following question.  We'd like to have an answer prepared, but don't plan to post it or include it in any of the Q&A that will accompany scripts.  (You may want to include it in an HR Q&A or post to LiveLink.)
Q.  If I am a party to a 401K class action suite against Enron, how will that affect my severance if I am involuntarily terminated?
Related Q.  If I am involuntarily terminated and required to sign a waiver as part of the severance package, can I participate in an employee or shareholder class action suite against Enron.
Fyi
I don't think that is true.  Our waiver does contemplate such a release of claims.  I think we should not comment on legal questions and let the terms of our plan and the separation agreements speak for themselves.
Terrie, Cole; I'm forwarding these to Michelle.  Michelle, my view:  1.  Employees who qualify to the 401K class, may exercise their rights without risking their severance.   The severance waiver is not a universal surrender of rights to bring claims.    , Rj 
Rick or Cole,
PR received the following question.  We'd like to have an answer prepared, but don't plan to post it or include it in any of the Q&A that will accompany scripts.  (You may want to include it in an HR Q&A or post to LiveLink.)
Q.  If I am a party to a 401K class action suite against Enron, how will that affect my severance if I am involuntarily terminated?
Related Q.  If I am involuntarily terminated and required to sign a waiver as part of the severance package, can I participate in an employee or shareholder class action suite against Enron.
I agree.
I don't think the plan would call for an employee to withdraw from litigation to be eligible for benefits--just that the employee sign the waiver.  Then, I think that in the employee's lawsuit we'd argue that the waiver released the claims and that the claims should be dismissed.
--Lizzette
Michelle, Lizzette;  is it our view that an employee who has subscribed to a class seeking certification would need to withdraw prior to executing the waiver 
I agree with Michelle.  I'm certain that the releases is designed to release such conduct.
--Lizzette
I don't think that is true.  Our waiver does contemplate such a release of claims.  I think we should not comment on legal questions and let the terms of our plan and the separation agreements speak for themselves.
Terrie, Cole; I'm forwarding these to Michelle.  Michelle, my view:  1.  Employees who qualify to the 401K class, may exercise their rights without risking their severance.   The severance waiver is not a universal surrender of rights to bring claims.    , Rj 
Rick or Cole,
PR received the following question.  We'd like to have an answer prepared, but don't plan to post it or include it in any of the Q&A that will accompany scripts.  (You may want to include it in an HR Q&A or post to LiveLink.)
Q.  If I am a party to a 401K class action suite against Enron, how will that affect my severance if I am involuntarily terminated?
Related Q.  If I am involuntarily terminated and required to sign a waiver as part of the severance package, can I participate in an employee or shareholder class action suite against Enron.
I'd like a copy of that, if possible.
I think it should state:  Confidential and Proprietary -- Not to be Disclosed to Persons Other Than Human Resources and Legal Department.  If possible, put it on all documents, as well as the cover of the notebook 
Michelle
As soon as we receive notice to move ahead, generalists will receive a training binder outlining the process of the WARN notifications.  I assume we need to mark these documents as confidential and proprietary.  Is there any specific wording you would like on either a introduction page or as a footer on each page?  Please let me know ASAP so I can finalize the documents.
Thanks - Tana  
Go ahead and pose the question, but the answer should be that we don't comment at all on litigation, and that the terms of severance plan and related waivers will govern the situation.  We should reiterate that we can't provide with legal advice.  Michelle
so what's the final call?  can we post this Q&A on the Livelink tool for HR generalists?
My recommendation would be that we don't comment at all, but let the terms of the Plan and the related waivers speak for themselves.  We cannot provide them with legal advice.  Michelle
Here is my suggested response:
Enron's policy is to not comment on current litigation.  With respect to severance, if an Enron employee is let go prior to the merger, and is eligible for benefits under the Enron Corp. Severance Plan, then the terms of that plan will govern.  No changes to the severance plan have been made at this time.  In general, however, any severance waiver signed will include a release of claims for any and all conduct that has occurred to date.  Post merger, employees will be eligible for benefits under whatever severance plan the merged company adopts, including with respect to waiver requirements 
--Lizzette
Lizzette, can you help us draft an answer to these questions?  Thanks, Cole.
Rick or Cole,
PR received the following question.  We'd like to have an answer prepared, but don't plan to post it or include it in any of the Q&A that will accompany scripts.  (You may want to include it in an HR Q&A or post to LiveLink.)
Q.  If I am a party to a 401K class action suite against Enron, how will that affect my severance if I am involuntarily terminated?
Related Q.  If I am involuntarily terminated and required to sign a waiver as part of the severance package, can I participate in an employee or shareholder class action suite against Enron.
What is he asking 
Do you think we should answer this question?
I am not sure I understand the question.  Give me a call when you have a chance.  Michelle
Michelle, any and all help on this one would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks, Cole.
Tim, a new kind of question.  Can you run this one by Michelle?
With all of the losses and their tax implications, is there a company resource we can use for information rather than struggling to find information ourselves?  Also, a number of employees (in this area) are considering bankruptcy, is Enron considering contracting with a Legal Firm to help employees in this area?
Craig Buehler  x3-6964
It is in the Q&As already posted.  We cannot comment on HR policies/plans for Dynegy or for the merged entity because we simply don't know.  Michelle
Michelle, are you comfortable answering this question?  Thanks, Cole.
Another one on the severance.
The following question was posed during a departmental conference call.  Please respond with an answer to the whole group.  Thanks.
Do you know what the severance package might be for lay-offs associated with the merger?
Planning & Power Services:  If you have other questions, please direct them to questions@.  This is the most reliable source for information.  Thanks.
Molly Carnes CPS
Administrative Coordinator
Office of John R. Keller
Enron Transportation Services
713-345-5338
molly.carnes@
Simone, how do I get to LiveLink again?
To date, we have loaded Q&A's on the following subjects:
Tuition Reimbursement (Benefits);
HR Activities;=20
Immigration and Visas;=20
Stocks and Options;
Clickathome (Worklife); and
Litigation (Worklife)
If you experience any technical difficulties, please don't hesitate to contact Simone Lewis @ 3-1645.
\
I think that ya'll have handled the legal work for these entities in the past.  Can you provide Ann with this information asap?  Thanks!  Michelle
Michelle,
Here's the list of information I need for Northern Natural Gas:
1.  EEOC charges, lawsuits and/or judgments entered or settlement agreements reached in the last 2 years (including discrimination, harassment, workers' comp and ERISA claims, or otherwise), including any compliance agreements, consent decrees, etc. with any governmental agency (i.e..  OFCCP, EEOC, DOL, etc.)
2.  List of any pending government compliance audits, administrative proceedings, employee grievances regarding compliance with wage, overtime, or safety and health issues.
I talked with Valeria and she is pulling the EEOC charge information.  Of course, I need this as soon as possible.  Thanks for your help.
Ann
Claudia, would you please arrange to have these collected?  Thanks.  Michelle
Iris S. Waser 
X3-6059 
EB 4749b 
I have reviewed the contract for Brent.  He has a 3-month non-compete after the termination of his employment.  Is he planning to honor it?  If not, we have to make decisions about pursuing him in court.
Michelle
Great idea to put this out there.  FYI, I have arranged for Jack Wisdom to provide some training on wage and hour law issues in the next few weeks.  I'll keep you posted on the status of that.  Michelle
fyi 
Dear Felecia:
This is a great HR Reminder.  I recommend that you send it to Michelle Cash, Lizzette Palmer, and Kriste Sullivan.
Thanks.
Sharon
To Corporate HR Generalists,  Compensation and Payroll
Periodically, I plan to communicate refreshers on the FLSA and its requirements for both exempt and non-exempt employees.  For this communication, I would like to focus on compensatory time off.  While Enron does not have a formal written policy on compensatory time off, we must not forget the regulatory obligations for administering this provision of the FLSA.   I encourage each of you to share this information with your client groups.
I recently overheard a conversation in the elevator where an employee was talking about all the comp time they had accrued and how they planned to take it before yearend.  Several immediate and simultaneous thoughts went through my head -- 1) is this an exempt or nonexempt employee, 2) where is this being recorded, and 3) what if this employee gets redeployed/termed or transfers jobs--would they expect to take this time off or in the case of a nonexempt employee be paid for it?  Unfortunately, we have no way to validate comp time since we have no tracking mechanism for this.  In the case of a nonexempt employee this could become a very risky situation.
Compensatory Time Off for Non-Exempt Employees
Compensatory time off for non-exempt employees must be used in the same pay period in which it is accrued.  If an employee works overtime in a workweek which falls at the beginning of a pay period, then the employee can take time off with pay in a workweek later in the same pay period.  If an employee cannot use all of the accrued comp time by the end of the pay period, then the employee must be paid for the comp time in the paycheck for the pay period.  Any comp time which is used by nonexempt employees must be provided at the rate of one and one-half hours off with pay for every overtime hour which is worked.  There is no cost savings in the use of comp time 
Compensatory Time Off for Exempt Employees
If an employer promises comp time to an overtime exempt employee, then the employee may be able to enforce the promise of additional compensation even though the employee was not entitled to overtime pay.  Enron's Overtime Pay and Reimbursement Policy states "Exempt employees are not eligible for overtime pay."   Responding to an exempt employee's claim that he or she is entitled to comp time is often difficult because records are not generally kept of exempt employee's hours of work--(I plan to devote my next communication to tracking an exempt employee's hours worked as this is often an area of confusion).  The provisions of comp time may also adversely affect the "salary" which must be paid for white-collar employees to be overtime exempt. 
I hope this communication will be helpful and I welcome any feedback or suggested topics you may want additional information about.  Please feel free to pass this on to anyone I overlooked in your respective groups.
Felecia Acevedo
Director, Corporate Compensation
(713) 853-9815 Phone
(713) 646-2113 Fax
(713) 557-5921 Cell
felecia.acevedo@
Under the Enron Corp. severance plan, can we provide employees with the opportunity to take voluntary termination in lieu of future involuntary term?  One of our offices wants to offer employees that opportunity, with some sort of enhanced benefit if they take it 
Your quick thoughts on this would be appreciated.
Michelle
As a follow up to the discussion today, this may be of assistance.  Michelle
FYI and akin to our meeting this morning.
Sandra
[IMAGE]
The  EmploymentSource Newsletter=20
SPECIAL EDITION
Our Mission is To Help Employers Enhance Employee  Relations While Minimizing Employment  Claims.
Please forward this  newsletter to your friends and co-workers.  To subscriber or  unsubscribe, see bottom of newsletter.
We at EPS share our grief and prayers with our  fellow Americans in the wake of the terrorist attacks.  We offer our  condolences to those of you who have lost loved ones, friends, or colleagues.  This tragedy has touched each of our lives  While focusing on  business-as-usual is difficult right now, we are moving quickly to  adapt to the needs of our clients. We are adding special segments to our HR  classes to address organizational response and workers' reactions to the crisis,  and we will continue to work to meet your special needs. We are committed  to providing a compassionate resource should you need  one.
What  NOW?
Kathleen K. Edmond, Esq., MBA,  LICSW
Employment  Practices Solutions, Senior Consultant, Minneapolis/St.  Paulkedmond@epexperts.com=20
(800)  727-2766
=20
Soon, very soon, we will all need to  get ourselves and our companies back to business - whether we are ready or  not.  How can we do this in a way  that is respectful and helpful, but at the same time doesn't create issues that  do not exist?
First, understand that we  are all affected.  Not just those of  us who had family, friends, co-workers, or neighbors in New York, Washington, or  who were passengers on the airlines.   Our world has permanently changed.   This is not a dramatic overstatement.  It is simply the truth.  We cannot undo what happened yesterday  but we can influence how we deal with the change and how we can be stronger as a  result of the horrible attack on our country, our safety, and our sense of  security yesterday.
Let me simply make a  list.  I apologize if this is not  Pulitzer Prize material.  Timeliness  is the most important factor at the moment. =20
Speak to the  organization.  Pull management  together first to discuss their responsibilities as managers and give them  guidance.  Acknowledge their dual  roles as managers in the organization and individuals with personal  feelings.  While it will take time  to absorb the full impact of what has happened, it will be necessary to get  back to the business at hand. =20
Depending on the size  and configuration of the organization, talk to everyone as a group.  Either get them together in person, a  group e-mail, voicemail, teleconference - whatever means are available to  you.  At this point it is most  important to let people know that we are all stunned but that we are pulling  together.  It is not important to  have all the answers right now.   Communication will continue. =20
Acknowledge that our  world is now different.  The sense  of safety and security we had before September 11th is gone.  We must each individually and  organizationally replace that with something different. =20
Acknowledge that  individuals will respond and recover at different paces.  Some will want to get back to work as  quickly as possible to regain their sense of normalcy and control.  Others will have difficulty focusing  for a long time.  Most likely it  will be sporadic and not a constant inability to focus.  This is a very normal response to a  crisis. =20
Depending on your  organization and the level of direct impact, you may choose to bring a  professional counselor or team of counselors on site for a day or longer.  They can conduct group processes and  individual counseling. =20
Another possibility is  a chat room where employees can share their experiences, feelings, and have a  place to vent.  The question will  arise, how long should the chat room be operational.  For right now, don't set a time limit,  but review it in a couple of weeks or a month.  If participation is decreasing (which  I except that it will in a month), determine a date to close it down and make  an organizational announcement to that effect.  When closing it down, don't go dark  without notice.  Just let people  know that it is time to end that part of the recovery process. =20
Allow people to talk  periodically during the day.  The  need for the amount of discussion will change over the next weeks.  In the next day or so probably little  work will get done.  But by the  end of the week and certainly next week, business will resume. =20
Consider allowing employees additional  personal time off for memorial services, blood donations, or other  community-focused recovery events. =20
Remind people to use  your Employee Assistance Program, company counselors, health benefits,  religious leaders, and other local counseling resources as available.  Have someone in the organization pull  together a resource list of local and organizational telephone numbers for  employees and their families. =20
Talk about the impact  on your specific business and what effect if any it has on your company.  Maybe it affects your communications,  transportation, distribution, or some other aspect of your operations. =20
If  members of your corporate family have been killed in these attacks, consider a  memorial service later this week or next for all employees to attend, whether  they personally knew the individual(s) or not. =20
Assure them that  business will go on, subdued perhaps, different in some ways, but there will  be continuity. =20
Recognize that people  will be angry, sad, scared and confused for some period of time.  The risk of discriminatory judgments  and remarks is increased.  If you  hear such remarks, challenge, gently if necessary, but help people understand  that it is a normal reaction to the attacks on our safety. =20
Remind them to take  care of themselves and their families and friends.  It is important to keep talking to  each other and their children, even those very young children.  Here is a good article they can  use:  www.womencentral.msn.com/parenting/articles/tragedy.asp=20
We do not know what will be happening in the next weeks or  months.  There may be additional  armed conflict.  We have entered a  time of uncertainty that will continue to affect the national psyche and our  individual lives.  As organizations  we are well advised to be prepared to address the effect it will have on our  employees.
You will need to address the corporate travel policy.  What will you do if an employee is  afraid to travel to New York for a business trip?  Consider making other meeting  arrangements, at least for the near term.
Longer term you will have questions about what to do with  employees who cannot seem to focus after a reasonable length of time.  And you will have questions about what  is a reasonable length of time and proper disciplinary actions if needed.  We will address those questions as they  arise, but for now they are beyond the scope of this communication.  Please feel free to email or call us if  you have specific questions.
Yesterday I was conducting  a Best  Practices seminar in Minneapolis as the terrorist attacks were  unfolding on the East Coast.  As we  did not know the magnitude of what was about to happen we decided to continue  with the work in front of us but to be cognizant of the events that were  occurring.  The day and the response  of the participants were instructive to what to expect at work.  Participants were engaged, but at some  level distracted.  We took a break  every hour or so for an update on events.   We talked about our personal feelings.  We changed our agenda to spend the last  half hour of the day planning about how we would lead our organizations through  this tragedy.  We discussed the role  of Human Resources and the Legal departments.  We wondered at the inconsistency of the  beautiful day, the sunshine and the green grass in the suburbs of Minneapolis  and the horror we were hearing on the news.  We encouraged people who had two hours  of drive time to leave a half hour early to be home with their families.  We all took calls and made calls during  the day to check on family and friends.
In other words, we took  care of ourselves, and we took care of others.  We also worked, and planned for the  future.  I urge you to do the  same.
About the  author: =20
Kathleen Knutson Edmond is a  Senior consultant with Employment Practices Solutions, Inc. and is located in  the Minneapolis/St. Paul office.   Kathleen has worked in the Human Resources field as a management  consultant an in-house attorney for a large national retailer.  In addition  to her law degree, she has earned an MBA, is a certified mediator specializing  in employment disputes, and is a licensed independent clinical social  worker.   Over the years Kathleen has counseled, coached, and trained  several thousand employees and managers on a broad spectrum, of human resource  and business operations issues.   Kathleen can be reached at kedmond@epexperts.com . =20
Feel free to  reprint any articles from this newsletter with appropriate attribution to author  and publication.=20
We respect your privacy and will not release your email  address to any third parties. If you are an employment attorney or HR professional and would like to  submit an article, please contact us: eps@epexperts.com  To unsubscribe: EPS-request@list.epexperts.com   with 'unsubscribe' in message body.  Not a  subscriber?  EPS-request@list.epexperts.com   with 'subscribe' in message body.  Questions or  comments? eps@epexperts.com .
- eps1in.jpg
We are working on this issue this week by meeting with Joe Dilg and putting forth a summary memo of the history of the situation, the pay requirements under the contract, and recommendations of how to move forward.  That will be done this week, and everyone on this email will be copied on it.  Michelle
Mary & Pam -- Diomedes has sent me a number of messages this week asking about the status of the payment(s) under the ECI Buyout Agreement.  I have been putting him off now for several weeks but he is justifiably asking for an explanation as to what the issue is.  He is planning to be in Houston tomorrow and Friday and wanted to know who he could talk to about this, short of calling Ken Lay.  It may be most appropriate for him to simply call Ken but I'd like to know from you how you would you like to handle this 
Based on my reading of the contract, I believe it is clear that we owe him (i.e., ECI) payments under the ECI contract and that we do not have the right to set off payments he owes us against payments we owe ECI.  The ECI contract provides interest on late payments of the greater of Chase's prime rate plus 2% or 14%, which interest is currently accruing on the past due amounts.  I think it would be helpful if we could arrange a call with some or all of the group copied on this email to discuss further how to proceed.  Thanks.
,
John
I know, but that doesn't change the fact that we should articulate the standards that we are using -- I know that they use some criteria that are based on solid business reasons, so let's capture them!  That way, we at least can explain why we did things.  Michelle
Agreed. But this is what we did last year.
I like that there is some sort of formal process based on peer group  
I also like that they have made a decision to have ranking in the commercial groups.  It looks like they are being ranked to measure performance, not for compensation.  If so, then it would be nice for there to be some rough correlation to compensation.  If not, then what are the criteria for determining the bonus amounts?  If it is P&L and some other components, then let's specify what they are.  My biggest concern with all of this flexibility is that decisions will appear arbitrary with no clear basis for distinguishing between persons at the top of the bonus range and persons in the bottom.
On non-commercial, will there be a further breakdown within the 80?  If so, will those correlate to bonus amounts?  If not, same question as above.
I understand that market forces may drive many of these bonus decisions.  If so, then I believe that we simply should articulate them and be prepared to explain the bases for bonus payment amounts.
Promotion process looks good.
Assistants and clerks looks good, although it looks like OOC will decide bonus amounts.  If this is a fixed amount based on the rating, then that is ok.  Otherwise, if they are not pretty standardized, the same issues arise as above.  I
I expect that the same kinds of questions will arise for all business unit plans.
Hope this helps.  Let me know if you want to discuss or would like to talk through pay criteria.
Michelle
What d'ya think? 
Same thing just prettier and with more details.  Suggest we send to HR for them to implement. 
Here is our plan on PRC. 
Assistants: 
Ranked 1,2,3 by supervisors - pay determined by Me and Louise.  No meetings. 
Non Commercial but in North America: 
Traditional ranking with the correct people addending the meetings.  Pay grid determined by OOC. 
Analysts and Associates 
Ranked as per Billy Lemmons %'s and then pay grid determined by OOC 
I would like to see 25% - 65% - 10%.  Billy disagrees.  This would provide for a quick meeting rather than trying to split them into 4 groups with the top one excluding some awesome people.
Managers/Directors 
Ranked from 1 to 100 in as many clusters as the groups see fit.  We are going to combine managers and directors into one table.  The ranking is based on this years performance is directly related to pay.  We will have two meetingss - one for traders and one for other commercial staff (orig/finance/etc).  We will not have a pay prc but will take the results of the rankings and work with individual leaders after the meetings to ensure the appropriate compensation.
We will also determine promotions during this meeting using different criteria. 
VP's 
We will rank all our VP's from 1 to 100 with a group of selected people - some VP's and some MD's This too will be directly related to pay. 
Cheers as you Brits say 
who are they?
ok. Can you articulate this to SK and PB.
I know, but that doesn't change the fact that we should articulate the standards that we are using -- I know that they use some criteria that are based on solid business reasons, so let's capture them!  That way, we at least can explain why we did things.  Michelle
Agreed. But this is what we did last year.
I like that there is some sort of formal process based on peer group  
I also like that they have made a decision to have ranking in the commercial groups.  It looks like they are being ranked to measure performance, not for compensation.  If so, then it would be nice for there to be some rough correlation to compensation.  If not, then what are the criteria for determining the bonus amounts?  If it is P&L and some other components, then let's specify what they are.  My biggest concern with all of this flexibility is that decisions will appear arbitrary with no clear basis for distinguishing between persons at the top of the bonus range and persons in the bottom.
On non-commercial, will there be a further breakdown within the 80?  If so, will those correlate to bonus amounts?  If not, same question as above.
I understand that market forces may drive many of these bonus decisions.  If so, then I believe that we simply should articulate them and be prepared to explain the bases for bonus payment amounts.
Promotion process looks good.
Assistants and clerks looks good, although it looks like OOC will decide bonus amounts.  If this is a fixed amount based on the rating, then that is ok.  Otherwise, if they are not pretty standardized, the same issues arise as above.  I
I expect that the same kinds of questions will arise for all business unit plans.
Hope this helps.  Let me know if you want to discuss or would like to talk through pay criteria.
Michelle
What d'ya think? 
Same thing just prettier and with more details.  Suggest we send to HR for them to implement. 
Here is our plan on PRC. 
Assistants: 
Ranked 1,2,3 by supervisors - pay determined by Me and Louise.  No meetings. 
Non Commercial but in North America: 
Traditional ranking with the correct people addending the meetings.  Pay grid determined by OOC. 
Analysts and Associates 
Ranked as per Billy Lemmons %'s and then pay grid determined by OOC 
I would like to see 25% - 65% - 10%.  Billy disagrees.  This would provide for a quick meeting rather than trying to split them into 4 groups with the top one excluding some awesome people.
Managers/Directors 
Ranked from 1 to 100 in as many clusters as the groups see fit.  We are going to combine managers and directors into one table.  The ranking is based on this years performance is directly related to pay.  We will have two meetingss - one for traders and one for other commercial staff (orig/finance/etc).  We will not have a pay prc but will take the results of the rankings and work with individual leaders after the meetings to ensure the appropriate compensation.
We will also determine promotions during this meeting using different criteria. 
VP's 
We will rank all our VP's from 1 to 100 with a group of selected people - some VP's and some MD's This too will be directly related to pay. 
Cheers as you Brits say 
Fran, the latest on gp closing is Nov. 15 as a target, but the 30th is more likely. Michelle
great, would youplease get this to Janette?  Thanks.
I've revised spreadsheet for ENA Teams.
please put this into the last FAQ for the Metals stuff.  Michelle
Michelle, Lizzette,
Attached is the piece on immigration for the FAQ.  Alice Gruber from Tindall & Foster has provided the language.
Thanks
Cathy
Human Resources
Enron Metals & Commodity Corp.
520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212-715-5276
Fax: 212-715-5231
E-Mail: Catherine.Huynh@
Cathy:  please see the following response from Alice Gruber:
IMMIGRATION MATTERS
Q: I've been working for Enron under a US work permit.  How will my
immigration status be affected when my employment ceases?
A:  Your work permit is specific to Enron and is not transferable to
any other employer without additional processing by the INS.  A
non-immigrant (H-1B, L-1, TN, etc.) is out of status once s/he has been
terminated.  Once the non-immigrant is out of status, in theory, s/he should
depart the US as soon as possible.  If the non-immigrant can find a new
employer and file within approximately 30 to 60 days from the date of
termination, the INS has generally overlooked the violation of the
maintenance of status.  Keep in mind this is not a hard and fast rule, and
the INS has the ability to enforce shorter or longer periods on a
case-by-case basis.
If you are offered another job in the US your prospective employer
will have to apply for a new work permit on your behalf.
If you do not get another job in the US and you wish to remain here
then you must seek permission to stay on other grounds.
Upon termination, the foreign national should contact an attorney and
schedule a time for a full consultation (in-person whenever possible)
regarding all issues.  There are often many issues which need to be
addressed as each person's immigration issues are unique.
I hope this is what you are looking for.  Let me know if we need anything else?
Thanks
Margaret
FYI, please let me know if you have any comments.  Michelle
Lizzette and Michelle, 
Attached is a discussion draft of the plan document.  Please review and send to others who need or wish to review it.  I have designed flexibility into the Plan that should serve us well in the event of design changes. 
Please share your comments with me or let me know if you have any questions. 
Pat 
- Enron Metals US Vol Term Plan Doc1.doc 
Here is a draft of the plan document we prepared for the Metals situation.  Michelle
Lizzette and Michelle, 
Attached is a discussion draft of the plan document.  Please review and send to others who need or wish to review it.  I have designed flexibility into the Plan that should serve us well in the event of design changes. 
Please share your comments with me or let me know if you have any questions. 
Pat 
- Enron Metals US Vol Term Plan Doc1.doc 
Happy to talk with you about the ADA -- I've actually written two papers on the topic and edited an article in The Houston Lawyer on your very topic (albeit several years ago, which was before the Supremes spoke on the issue).  On the Senior Specialist position, I am happy to discuss that with you as well.  Please get with my assistant, Twanda Sweet, at 39402 to schedule a time next week to talk.  Michelle
My name is Jim Little.  I am a forth year Enron employee and a third year student at South Texas College of Law.
I am writing in response to a posting with your group for a Sr. Legal Specialist.  The posting itself contains no information about the job other than the fact that it is in the Labor and Employment Department.  I realize the expectation may be that I contact the recruiter directly; however, I felt efficiency would be served in contacting you directly.  I would appreciate any information you may provide including both duties and necessary qualifications 
I would also appreciate you considering speaking with me in the near future concerning a paper I am writing about individuals with HIV and the protections they are afforded under the ADA.  I feel comfortable that Enron has addressed this issue and I am merely guessing that you would have been involved in such discussion or have familiarity through your various writings on the ADA.  I am still researching the topic, so it will be a few weeks before I would feel able to ask intelligent questions.  But I would appreciate knowing at this time if this is something you are able and willing to discuss 
Thank you for your time,
Jim Little
x37703
this guy is going to call to schedule -- give him 30 minutes.  mhc
My name is Jim Little.  I am a forth year Enron employee and a third year student at South Texas College of Law.
I am writing in response to a posting with your group for a Sr. Legal Specialist.  The posting itself contains no information about the job other than the fact that it is in the Labor and Employment Department.  I realize the expectation may be that I contact the recruiter directly; however, I felt efficiency would be served in contacting you directly.  I would appreciate any information you may provide including both duties and necessary qualifications 
I would also appreciate you considering speaking with me in the near future concerning a paper I am writing about individuals with HIV and the protections they are afforded under the ADA.  I feel comfortable that Enron has addressed this issue and I am merely guessing that you would have been involved in such discussion or have familiarity through your various writings on the ADA.  I am still researching the topic, so it will be a few weeks before I would feel able to ask intelligent questions.  But I would appreciate knowing at this time if this is something you are able and willing to discuss 
Thank you for your time,
Jim Little
x37703
Yes, it has.  In fact, I gave the same message as you describe below.  Michelle
Michelle,
Has the ER Marketing Campaign Roll-out been discussed with the HR heads?  If not, I think this should be an agenda item at David Oxleys next HR heads' meeting.  I met yesterday with Gary Smith and he expressed some concerns about ER marketing its services; he's concerned that it may encourage employees who have in the past handled their concerns internally or by working with their HR Reps to come out of the woodwork and swamp our resources.  I explained to him that we are not trying to drum up more business but rather ensure that employees are aware of mechanisms in place to address workplace issues.
Valeria
FYI.  Michelle
In light of the recent scare regarding Anthrax, we have prepared a
memorandum for our clients to use in communicating with their employees
about this serious issue, a copy of which is attached.  This memorandum is
based in large part on information recently released by the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention ("CDC").  More information can be obtained at
the CDC's website located at www.cdc.gov.  Please feel free to use the
memorandum as you see fit, and if you have any questions, please contact
Larry Stuart at (713) 427-5027 or reply to this e-mail.
Sent on behalf of
The Houston Labor and Employment Group
Baker & McKenzie
1301 McKinney, Suite 3300
Houston, Texas 77010
(713) 427-5000
- 21#H01!.DOC 
The 2 weeks is the amount of years of service,  or the amount of 10K increments in salary.  The 4 weeks is a premium on top of that amount 
Cathy,
The voluntary separation calculator asks for a number for 2 weeks pay.  Should that be four weeks, or does the program take the 2 weeks and multiply it to arrive at the four weeks base pay number?  If the latter, I can see it creating some confusion.  If the calculation sheet needs to be set up that way, perhaps we should drop a note explaining.
--Lizzette
That's the plan, stan.
Lizzette, Michelle,
Are we still on target to get all the final documents for the Voluntary Separation back to me by close of business?  We've made a commitment to employees that they will be receiving he info packet by Monday morning.
Thanks
Cathy
Human Resources
Enron Metals & Commodity Corp.
520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212-715-5276
Fax: 212-715-5231
E-Mail: Catherine.Huynh@
Michelle,
I'm quite happy with the lay out of the plan (great flexibility), but have just a few comments/questions.
Article 2.3, Can we make such a broad statement that is so biased toward the Company?
Article 3.1, I think the max payment is 56 weeks.
Article 5.2, Under failure to meet performance, can we reduce the 45 day period and reference oral notification as well as written notification?  One of my concerns is, if we notify someone that we accept their Voluntary application, but need them to work for the next 3-4 months, the employees' motivation level might be very low which will effect their performance level.  Or perhaps we can build a statement in to the Separation and Release Agreement stating that the completion of their transition of their role needs to be satisfactorily completed to receive the separation pay.
Also, somewhat related, do we expect to have the involuntary severance plan amended anytime this year?  As I'm working out the next stage of involuntary severance reductions, just need to know if the calculation is likely to change.
Thanks Michelle.
Cathy
Human Resources
Enron Metals & Commodity Corp.
520 Madison Ave., 28th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: 212-715-5276
Fax: 212-715-5231
E-Mail: Catherine.Huynh@
FYI, please let me know if you have any comments.  Michelle
Lizzette and Michelle, 
Attached is a discussion draft of the plan document.  Please review and send to others who need or wish to review it.  I have designed flexibility into the Plan that should serve us well in the event of design changes. 
Please share your comments with me or let me know if you have any questions. 
Pat 
- Enron Metals US Vol Term Plan Doc1.doc  
Thanks for getting me this info.  Michelle
According to SAP, you have 56 hours of vacation left, and you have not taken your Discretionary Holiday.  Let me know if you need anything further.
Margo
Linda,
I can't make 10 tomorrow, so go ahead and meet without me.
Lunch this week would be difficult, as I'm out Thursday and Friday attending the SW Legal Foundation Labor seminar in Dallas.  Would you like to try something next week with me and Lizzette Palmer, my new attorney?  If so, have your assistant get with Twanda at 853-9402 to schedule, as Twanda works for both me and Lizzette.
Thanks.
Michelle
Dear  Michelle:
We have set a meeting with Cristina Solomon and Liz Miller that I am assured is  set in stone.  It will take place tomorrow at 10am at Cristina's  office.  Can you attend?  I have given Cristina the agenda items so  that she and Liz can be prepared to answer all of our questions Best Linda  Broocks
P.S.  Can you  have lunch this week with Laura Gibson and me?
when is this scheduled?
The location for the above meeting will be EB1671.
If anyone has any questions or changes, please call me at 713-853-5528 or Terrie Wheeler at 713-853-5201.
Thank you.
Bernadette C. Etienne
713-853-5528 bus#
713-646-2110 fax#
EB 1680b
please calendar.  thanks
Tuesday, October 30th. 3:00 - 4:00.  Terrie Wheeler is the one setting it up.
Bernadette C. Etienne
713-853-5528 bus#
713-646-2110 fax#
EB 1680b
when is this scheduled?
The location for the above meeting will be EB1671.
If anyone has any questions or changes, please call me at 713-853-5528 or Terrie Wheeler at 713-853-5201.
Thank you.
Bernadette C. Etienne
713-853-5528 bus#
713-646-2110 fax#
EB 1680b
I haven't specifically referenced NuTech in my questions to them.  I also probably need to ask the comp committee about these "tolerable" conflicts of interest, particularly in light of recent press coverage of Enron.  We'll discuss that this afternoon, Nancy, but I am not feeling like we should agree to any of those types of provisions.  Yikes 
The following is the email I sent Aaron last week.  I called him this morning to confirm if this was accurate.  He's meeting later today with Mary Joyce and said he'll get back to me.  I did not inquire specifically about NuTech--I assume Michelle is doing that.
Teresa
Aaron:
Based on our conversations, it is my understanding that the compensation committee has asked to review compensation plans for our affiliates if we own approximately 50% or more of the company.  The determination of exactly which plans must go to the committee will be made by Mary Joyce upon receipt of a bullet point presentation of the key terms of the plan.  The committee would likely review any compensation plan pursuant to which (i) employees receive equity interests without making capital contributions in cash or other property with reasonably equivalent value to the equity interests, (ii) employees receive equity interests prior to Enron recovering its investment, or (iii) employees are to be offered employment agreements with terms that are not within "Enron norms."  In addition, all significant terms of the compensation plan are to be disclosed in the DASH.
Do I understand this all corrrectly?  Is there anything I have omitted?
If the committee meets only quarterly, timing could certainly be an issue in some transactions.  If that is the case, can special meetings be called?
Teresa
Last week Teresa was waiting to hear back from Aaron (sp) regarding the threshold and process for approval. Michelle, Tom Kalb and I have a meeting this aft with Nutech and we all , including John Thompson per his meeting request last week, need to know the steps if any that we need to take on Nutech and similar matters.Michelle/Teresa, appreciate your advice on how best to track this down. Nancy 
Rescinding is what you meant to say. 
Please send the form consulting agreement to Randy.  Thanks.  MHC
Michelle, 
Karen Jones has aksed that I work the Consulting Agreement matter.  For some reason the  CA that she mentioned was not attached.  I've called Karen to see if she can resned.  In the inteirm if she out until toomorrow, I was wondering if you could resend me a copy of the CA that you sent ot her.
Thanks,
Randy
Hi Randy;  thanks for helping Kelly with these consulting agreements.  Hopefully, attached above are the 2 emails that I think you'll need.  One is a note from Kelly with basic information on the 2 consultants and how he wants to approach the scope of work (for now, they are to be on a real tight leash, where, at our request, they will set up and attend mtings with folks in the environmental community, as we direct), and to let them propose their hourly rates.  The other email is the form that Michelle Cash says we should use for these "political"/"quasi-political" consultants.
Thanks again for your help.  Kelly is in SF the rest of this week (he's not traveling after all, for all the obvious reasons).
All the best,
Karen
Do we want them to be under employment agreements? 
Michelle,
The Coal group has a question related to personnel they would acquire from Vulcan if they purchased the marketing rights to their coal.    In this scenario, there are 4 marketing employees which would come to Enron as a part of the deal.   A few things:
In this case, I'm assuming these employees would resign from Vulcan and Enron would extend the appropriate offer.
Secondly, Enron's purchase of the marketing rights will be for an 18mo to 3 year trial period. At the end of the trial period, if Enron returns the marketing rights to Vulcan (or current owner), they want the right to re-call these employees.  George McClellan is ok with the right to recall, but I am not sure how/where to put this in writing ie; in the deal agreement, offer letter, etc.
Thanks,
Shanna
David,
You asked me to provide my opinion about the employment agreement provisions relating to target bonus amounts that are based on performance 
The bonus language contained in the majority of the agreements with a target bonus is as follows:
"Provided that Enron meets its earnings targets and provided that Employee is rated within the top 25% of the performance criteria under Enron's annual performance rating system or its equivalent for the calendar year in question, Employee's annual bonus amounts under the Plan for calendar years 2001, 2002, and 2003 (payable in 2002, 2003, and 2004, respectively), shall be based on an annual bonus target of $_____________."
This language does not address a person's performance as compared to one's peers, but instead looks at the number of performance criteria and requires that a person be in the top 25% of those criteria.  Thus, if there are only 3 rating categories (i.e., 1, 2, 3, distributed as 10-80-10), then only the people in the top category would be within the top 25/33% of the rating criteria 
Given the huge change in our process, however, there is an argument that the above language cannot be applied to the current scheme and that instead, we should look at the top 25% of the peer group, instead of performance criteria, even though that was not the intent of the provision when it was drafted.
As a result, I would suggest that the middle category be divided further into either 2 or 3 subcategories (i.e., 2A, 2B, or 2C).  That way, persons who fall out in categories 1 or 2A would be eligible for the target bonus.  If there is a decision not to break  down the middle 80 further, then it would be useful to look at those employees with a bonus target that we think is too high. For those employees, a more conservative approach may be to evaluate them on a scale that is more subdivided than the 10-80-10 breakdown and to document that they fell out in the bottom 75% of the categories under that process 
Of course, it goes without saying that we should ensure consistent treatment based on race, sex, national origin, age, etc. in this process.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Should we wait on this, given the possibilities we discussed earlier today.  Michelle
Draft?
David, please prepare a response to this question for Greg.  We will post the Q&A on eMeet.  Send the response to me for further handling.  Thanks.
Anonymous
Does the new PRC Rankings Policy of only the top 10% and the bottom 10% will be reviewed by the Enron Office of the Chairman mean that only the top 10% of employees will be considered for promotions? Will the bottom 10% be asked to leave the company, if yes, then will we stick to it at all levels, especially Sr. Dir, VP & MD? 
I can't find it on my blackberry. I can't remember who sent it, and the ones I've reviewed don't have the info.  Why don't you ask Shanna Funkhouser for the details?  Sorry about that!  Michelle
I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. Bummer. 
Was this adopted?
Document attached 
- 1AMD93RS Oct2001b.DOC  
Hi there!!
From whom?
Am I getting a good package?
I think you should be there, so it can wait until later in the week.  Other priorities obviously govern.  Thanks.  Michelle
Here is the revised review (password - oberon).  I have meetings scheduled for the afternoon and am not sure I will be able to get out of them at any particular time.  Does it make sense to give her the review without me being there and meet later or not?
FYI
Yes, I spoke with Mark on last Thursday and the revisions are complete.  He will let me know today when the 
three of us can meet to discuss.
Fran
Hey Fran, I am just following up from our meeting the week before last.  Were we able to make any progress since then getting any revisions 
please send to him our consulting services agreement and also the agreement for contract and other services (Diane has the latest form).  cc to Carol St. Clare.  Thanks!
Here is the soft copies of the agreements.
(See attached file: Commission Agreement - Individual.doc)
(See attached file: CounterpartyCommissionAgreementSellerLicensorLogix.dot)
- Commission Agreement - Individual.doc 
- CounterpartyCommissionAgreementSellerLicensorLogix.dot 
I would not want any of our policies to address what is "unlawful,"  as I believe that is a matter for a court. Instead, our policies should state what we want to have in them, and leave the issue of legality to others.  Plus, I wouldn't want any admission of unlawful conduct in our policies.  Michelle
Hello Lizzette and Michelle,
Attached are the revised EEO and Harassment Prevention policies, and links for all policies.  Lizzette, I noted that you placed a question mark next to the "Unlawful (under FMLA)" link.  It is my understanding that the FMLA policy narrative and the related links are going to be revised/updated by Kriste Sullivan and Chris Rahaim.  In our last Project N-Form meeting, we agreed that Kriste and Chris would communicate their changes to Anne Labbe and Sarah Zarkowsky (members of the Content team).
Please let me know if you have additional changes.  Thanks again for your assistance!
Wendy
yes.  I have contacts there, if you want.  Michelle
Michelle, do you believe they would be a good company to contact regarding ER team?
Ryan
If it is same as mid-year, then I won't need to look at it.  Thanks.  Michelle
Hi Michelle-
Here's the Confidentiality Agreement we used at Mid Year for the HR staff who required access to employee records outside their own BU or access to restricted records (HR employees).
Would you like to revise this form, or shall we use the same version for this round?
Please let me know your thoughts as soon as possible. 
Thanks,
-Dovie
Dovie Keprta
Global Performance Management 
713.345.8864 desk 
713.516.5598 cell 
Sorry, I don't.  Michelle
Andrea Yowman 
Enron Corp 
713-853-1477
Jeff couldn't make it.  We'll reschedule at his availability.  MHC
Thanks. 
Do you know why the meeting with Jeanerette was cancelled and when it will be rescheduled?
Sorry, I don't.  Michelle
Andrea Yowman 
Enron Corp 
713-853-1477
Thanks, but no headhunters.   I can't afford a fee.  Michelle
Please review the following resume  for the position of SPEC SR LEGAL.
HUGHES,HOLLY  ->		00598689.DOC
FYI, if you didn't get this already.  Michelle
=09We will be conducting one-hour training sessions regarding U.S. Foreign Corrupt Trade Practices Act ("FCPA"), U.S. Trade Sanction Laws and U.S. Anti-Boycott Laws at the following times in EB5C2:
=09Tuesday, July 24, 2001=0910:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
=093:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
4:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
=09Tuesday, July 31, 2001=0910:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
=093:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
4:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
=09This training is designed for traders, originators, accountants, lawyers, back and mid-office support and anyone who deals with foreign government officials or foreign consultants to give them the ability to spot FCPA issues and know when to contact the Legal Department concerning these often subtle events and issues.  Michelle Blaine, an attorney with the Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department who conducts this training for Enron worldwide, will make these presentations.
=09We are conducting the training for both Enron Industrial Markets and Enron Global Markets.
=09You will be able to go into the site:   beginning Monday, July 16, 2001 and register for one of the sessions under "FCPA/Trade Sanction Laws", which will be listed under the Corporate Compliance Category.
=09Should you have any questions, you can contact Carolyn George at Ext. 33439 or at carolyn.george@.
=09Also, please feel free to forward this invitation to others who could benefit from this training.
Julia Heintz Murray
Managing Director and General Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
Enron Industrial Markets LLC
1400 Smith Street, EB3838
Houston, Texas  77002
Phone: 713/853-3439   Fax:  713/646-3393
julia.murray@
Twanda/Diane,
I've given the Japanese template to Twanda to revise -- please use the non-VP form and not the form on which I have made the revisions.
Thanks.
Michelle
Robin,
Diomedes was not eligible for severance because of outstanding expense reports -- approximately $400K.  I know that Mary was involved in this to great detail.
Once the expense report issue is clarified, then he would be eligible for regular severance.  Mary and Tim Callahan have been coordinating those issues.
Michelle
Robin called because Christopoulos Diomedes (I didn't look up the spelling) has been calling John Novak, Pete Weidler, and Joe [Kischkill?] "asking where the review of payment" stands.  Diomedes believes "he met the milestones."   Robin was told that you and Mary Joyce were working on this.
Can you e-mail Robin Treadwell and give her an update?  Thanks.
Document attached 
- Can Employers Satisfy ADA.doc 
Hey Doug,
Here is what would be great to have:
for Pulp
All the mills, their most updated capacity (can you also find out how often they update the capacity and whether they remove the maintenance related downtime when they come up with the capacity number)
and the type of pulp they produce.
for Printing & Writing paper
same thing for paper too.In addition, what kind of pulp they use to produce the paper.
Can we get the same info in a spreadsheet from too?
thanks,
Monika
Hello Maria Teresa,
THe September inventory number for Norscan is 1,549,000. 
The inventory figure for the world is not out yet.
Monika
Cecil,
can you please take a look at this presentation and see if numbers make sense?
thanks,
Monika 
Done!
Dan's email address is
dan.temple@jacobs.com
Could you email the spreadsheet to him, with my comments about what we want? 
Thanks,
Dave
Hello Mr. Temple,
This is a follow-up email to what you talked with Dave Allan on the subject of Fiber morphology. Attached you will find the fiber characteristics spreadsheet - the most updated version. 
We also have an additional question which is - why each quality parameter (the column headings) is important to each major end-use (paper grade) application.
You can contact me for any further questions.
thanks,
Monika Causholli
Enron Industrial Markets
(713) 345- 1510
Attached is the pulp presentation on the pulp facts. I also sent it out to Andrew Conner for review. Please take a look and let me know.
thanks,
Monika 
She is the cutest little thing. 
The Monkey:
Andrew,
Can you take a look at the attached presentation and see if numbers make sense to you. 
thanks,
Monika
Jim,
I found a consultant who does extensive studies on world tissue. PLease read below. Just wanted to know if you knew the guy. His name is Esko Uutella and he is located in Germany.
Hi Ms. Causholli,
I have made recently a major multiclient study "Outlook for World Tissue 
Business" which includes all tissue mills with capacities worldwide plus 
capacity profiles by the largest producers worldwide and by region. I attach the 
study proposal with this e-mail. The report costs US$ 3,500 (300 pages with 
detailed Annexes).
If you would like to have only capacity data for the regions you mentioned plus 
the top 10-12 global producers, I could sell this part of information at US$ 
600. You should specify the form in which I should present it so that I 
could easier fulfil your data needs.
Esko Uutela
EU Consulting
Causholli, Monika schrieb:
 Hello Mr. Uutella,