i noticed that 1% residual fuel in various parts of the US part the big
 cities in the upper midwest such as chicago and detroit has come to near
 paritiy with natgas on a wholesale level. now there are things like ldc
 costs and sulfur credits that will make additional differences in these
 parities.
    to marketing: could we please check with a few of our industrial or
 utility customers to see if our customers are switching back to natgas?
 this would be a material difference in the supply and demand of both fuel
 and natgas and therefore perhaps our trading views(and my aga
 forecasts).apprecitate the feedback.thanks
Thank you for choosing to receive promotional messages from National Car Rental.  You have given us the email address john.arnold@ as the place you want your marketing messages sent. Is this correct?  If you've subscribed in error, please reply to the email and put "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Again, we thank you for signing up and look forward to providing you with Great car rental deals!
Webmaster
putting on your shirt to go to the bathroom in the dark why me? 
me thinks you both are a little imbalanced
mexico is now back on.  I think Melissa has some sort of imbalance!
what's tomorrow?
what's the deal for tomorrow?
I'll get it changed
During a telephone conversation with Margaret Brooks, on May 15th, you
agreed to change the terms of deal #1246131  buying 10,000/day Gas Daily
HHub @$4.49 and replace it with a buy of 10,000/day NYMEX Swap @$4.495. We
still have not received a confirmation with the corrected terms.
Would you correct the price in your system or inform your contract
administrator of the correction.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me or Margaret brooks
at 405-553-6471.
Daniela Gencheva
Energy Trading Analyst II
OGE Energy Resources
TEL: 405-553-6486
FAX: 405-553-6498
what's the deal for tomorrow?
[Mark Hall 
Thank you JOHN ARNOLD. Your reservation number is 405890085.
Your level of service is Counter.  Please proceed to the rental counter.
If you need to make adjustments to this reservation,
please use your reservation number as a reference.
Rental Information
Rental Location:     BOSTON INTL ARPT
BOSTON LOGAN INTL ARPT
Rental Time:         25-MAY-2001 6:00 AM
Return Location:     BOSTON INTL ARPT
BOSTON LOGAN INTL ARPT
Return Time:         28-MAY-2001 1:30 PM
Contract ID:         6600407
Company
Association:         WEB PROMOTIONS LEISURE DISCOUNT
Length of Rental:    4 days
Rate Information
Item:                                                       Prices
(USD)
Car Class:
Standard 4-Wheel Drive Auto A/C
Rates:
TIME & DISTANCE                     3  DAY      @      35.99   107.97
TIME & DISTANCE                     0  HOUR     @      18.00     0.00
EXTRA - TIME & DISTANCE             1  DAY      @      51.98    51.98
EXTRA - TIME & DISTANCE             0  HOUR     @      25.99     0.00
UNLIMITED DISTANCE-TIME & DISTANCE  0  DISTANCE @       0.00     0.00
Sub total          159.95
Surcharges:
CONCESSION RECOUP FEE 11.11 PCT                                 17.77
RENTAL TRANSACTION SCHRG 10 USD                                 10.00
SURCHARGE .30 USD                                                0.30
REGISTRATION/EXCISE FEE 5.0 PCT                                  8.00
Taxes:
STATE TAX (5.0%)                                                 9.80
Total Estimate             205.82
(Country of Residence: US)                                      (USD)
Approximate Estimated Conversion:                              205.82
Rules and Conditions
*  Unlimited Miles
*  A Minimum of 2 Day(s) will be charged.
*  Maximum rental length of 5 Day(s).
*  Latest Pickup Day of the Week is , Sunday
*  Renter must present a major credit card in renter's name.
*  Renter must meet minimum age requirements, 25 years of age
or older. In some states, this may be lower. Renter must
also have a clean driving record.
*  Debit and check cards not accepted at time of reservation or
rental but, at participating locations within the United
States, may be used for payment at time of return.
Your reservation has been accepted. The rental location will be advised.
Thank you for choosing National Car Rental.
yes.  i'm leaving at 1:00 today/
John,
Can I come by after three this afternoon to install your speakers. If you have any questions please call me.
thanks,
Dalton Hogan
Trader Desktop Deployment
Enron Networks, LLC
Office: 713-853-0356
Pager: 877-242-4378
E-mail Address: dalton.hogan@
Nextel # : 56572
E-mail Pager no
wait, of course i am.  i always am.
me thinks you missed a 9
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
from saturday-monday....did 194 trades, exactly half internal.  how'd george do?
just how many ene people were busy selling gas this weekend vs outside counterparties?
biggest question in my mind is we assume resid is a fixed target or if resid needs to keep market share and as natty drops so does resid to maintain its market Well what do you think--- especially if resid is nknocked off next week?
relaxed?   how was it?
maybe,  i don't even remember anymore... the numbers are running together.  best of all, reduced my risk 50% today.
pb, for the
kid?
i think i had better weather in massachusetts than you had in mexico.  very relaxing though.  if i lived in the northeast and had 2.1 kids and 1.3 dogs i would definitely get a summer house around there
was until this morning.  it rained the whole time - no tan - just extra lbs from drinking beer.  how was your trip?
relaxed?   how was it?
bot,bot,bot
maybe,  i don't even remember anymore... the numbers are running
together.  best of all, reduced my risk 50% today.
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-epao+40mba2002+2Ehbs+2Eedu+40ENRON@]
Sent:   Tuesday, May 29, 2001 10:35 AM
pb, for the
kid?
This message was sent using Endymion MailMan.
I called and you were off the desk 
Jan 2005-Dec 2009 settled a little high at 4.136.  Referencing a bid of 4.12 on the strip, we are 46.5/48 on the $5 call
$10,000..... they're not shy
bot,bot,bot
Misti:
I assume you are responsible for publishing the management reports.  I cannot access these reports past May 11.  Have they been published since then and if so, any idea why I can't get them?
ok
John.....Trade 4 was duplicated (same as #61) on ice.     However, there were 2 transactions on ice yesterday and one was with Duke and AEP.    Per Errol, #61 was changed to C3 at 3.83 with AEP.      If this is incorrect, please let Errol or Laura know.     Thanks!     See you'll on the 11th!.
yes
is constellation energy a goldman company?
me thinks you missed a 9
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
crazy day....this day took a week off my life.
plans tonight?
Bad day?
yea...for now at least.   We'll run it until a hurricane emerges overnight and I get run over for 30 cents
John,   I have been out lately.  Are you guys running the natural gas 24
hours a day?
Steve
Liz:
Are any of the diamonds available for Jun 15-17?
Bush Adviser Rove Owns Stock in Major U.S. Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 06/04/01
Saudi Arabia Sets Pacts With 9 Oil Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 06/04/01
Saudi Arabia in Pacts With Nine Global Oil Firms Energy: Deals to develop natural gas fields and other projects, worth at least $25 billion, are first major foreign funding in sector since 1975.
Los Angeles Times, 06/04/01
Enron is my spiritual teacher
The San Francisco Chronicle, 06/04/01
Gloom today, glut tomorrow
The San Francisco Chronicle, 06/04/01
INDIA: Rating firms may be judging India harshly-analysts.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01
INDIA: India rupee ends off lows, fwds close higher.
Reuters English News Service. 06/04/01
UK: Spectron trades UK's first post-NETA spark spread.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01
INDIA: Enron India lenders meet in Singapore on Tuesday.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01
INDIA: UPDATE 1-India's Prabhu says power reforms enter new phase.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01
Nigerian president slams US energy firm Enron for "poor performance"
BBC Monitoring, 06/04/01
India: India and Bush Administration: Beyond assumptions
Business Line (The Hindu), 06/04/01
Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project
Bloomberg, 06/04/01
Enron Japan's Hirl on Power Deregulation: Commodity Comment
Bloomberg, 06/04/01
Bush Adviser Rove Owns Stock in Major U.S. Firms
By Jim VandeHei
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
06/04/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A4
WASHINGTON -- President Bush's chief political strategist owns hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stock in companies potentially affected by the president's top legislative priorities, newly released federal records show. 
Karl Rove, one of the president's most trusted advisers on almost every major legislative initiative, owns between $100,000 and $250,000 of stock in Enron Corp., Pfizer Inc., General Electric Co., Boeing Co. and Johnson & Johnson, among other holdings. (Federal law requires public officials to report their assets, income and debts in broad ranges only). All of these companies could be affected by one or more of the policies or legislative initiatives on which the president consults Mr. Rove: tax cuts, increased defense spending, an industry-oriented energy policy and health-care reform.
Mr. Rove said yesterday that he has been waiting for several months for approval from the Office of Government Ethics to sell all of his stock holdings and roll the proceeds into a diversified account without having to pay capital-gains taxes, as permitted by federal law. In the meantime, "I have had to avoid being involved in matters that specifically and materially affect my specific holdings," Mr. Rove said. 
Mr. Rove said he filed his financial disclosure reports Dec. 30 and was later informed by the Office of Government Ethics that he should sell all of his stock holdings to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest. 
But the government ethics office, which couldn't be reached for comment yesterday, has yet to officially grant Mr. Rove a certificate of divestiture, which would allow him to roll his proceeds into diversified accounts, according to White House spokeswoman Anne Womack. It appears that Mr. Rove has lost tens of thousands of dollars as a result of the delay because most of his stocks have lost value since the beginning of the year. 
Mr. Rove insisted that he has been careful to avoid any discussions that directly affect companies he is invested in, as federal conflict-of-interest laws require. But that can't be easy for Mr. Rove, widely regarded as one of the most powerful and influential figures in the White House. Mr. Rove serves as the president's top political adviser and runs the administration's long-term strategy team. He is also the president's top liaison to outside groups, including corporations. 
"He's involved in virtually every decision that is made here," says a White House aide. It is unclear how many times, if ever, Mr. Rove recused himself from discussion inside the White House. 
President Bush, already under fire from Democrats for his administration's close ties to industry, is likely to draw more scrutiny as a result of the new disclosures of financial links between top White House officials and major U.S. corporations, especially energy firms. 
The White House disclosed the personal finances of Mr. Rove and several other top administration officials at the behest of the media. It appears that as a result of an administrative backlog, Mr. Rove is the only member of the senior staff who hasn't been given the green light to sell his stock, according to a White House aide. 
The reports show that Mr. Rove was one of several White House officials with a financial connection, past or present, with Enron and other energy companies. Larry Lindsey, the president's top economic adviser who helped draft the energy plan, received $50,000 from Enron in 2000 for consulting work he did for the company, the documents show. 
Lewis Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, who was chairman of the White House task force that wrote the energy plan, recently sold tens of thousands of dollars of stock in Enron and other energy companies, including Texaco Inc., Exxon Mobil Corp. and Chesapeake Energy Corp. It is unclear when the transaction went through. 
Clay Johnson, director of presidential personnel, reported holding between $100,000 and $250,000 in El Paso Energy Partners LP. And National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice had $250,000 to $500,000 worth of Chevron Corp. stock and was paid $60,000 last year for her work as a director at the company. Mr. Rove disclosed smaller holdings in BP PLC and Royal Dutch/Shell Group.
International
Saudi Arabia Sets Pacts With 9 Oil Firms
06/04/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A17
JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (AP) -- Saudi Arabia signed agreements with nine oil companies yesterday, a move that marks the first major foreign investment in its energy sector since the industry was nationalized in the 1970s. 
The expected deal, valued at $25 billion at least, involves the development of three natural-gas fields in the kingdom, as well as a number of related power plants, transmission pipelines and water-desalinization projects.
Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is the lead manager on two of the projects, including the $15 billion Ghawar Core Venture 1 project. It also will lead the Red Sea Coast Core Venture 2 project. Royal Dutch/Shell Group was chosen to lead the Shaybah Core Venture 3 project. 
The Western companies will help Saudi Arabia convert its utilities from oil burning to natural gas, which would free up more of the kingdom's crude oil for export. 
The other companies selected were BP PLC, TotalFinaElf SA, Conoco Inc., Phillips Petroleum Co., Occidental Petroleum Corp., Enron Corp. and Marathon Oil Canada Inc. 
Saudi Arabia's state-owned energy company, Saudi Aramco, will be an equity owner in the projects. 
Saudi Arabia nationalized its oil fields in 1975 after tension caused by the Arab oil embargo against the West that began two years earlier, and it closed its energy exploration and production sectors to foreign investment. 
Although locked out of the production of energy, Exxon Mobil has $5 billion in refining and petrochemical joint ventures in the country, and it said it is also the largest foreign purchaser of crude oil and other hydrocarbons from Saudi Aramco.
Business; Financial Desk
Saudi Arabia in Pacts With Nine Global Oil Firms Energy: Deals to develop natural gas fields and other projects, worth at least $25 billion, are first major foreign funding in sector since 1975.
From Associated Press
06/04/2001
Los Angeles Times
Home Edition
C-2
JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia -- Saudi Arabia signed agreements with nine international oil companies Sunday, a move that marks the first major foreign investment in its energy sector since nationalizing the industry in 1975. 
The deals, worth a total of $25 billion or more, involve the development of three natural gas fields in the kingdom and a number of related power plants, transmission pipelines and water desalinization projects.
The Western companies will help Saudi Arabia convert its utilities from oil-burning to natural gas, which would free up more of the kingdom's crude oil for export. 
Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is the lead manager on two of the projects, including the $12-billion-to-$16-billion Ghawar Core Venture 1 project. It also will lead a second core project. Royal Dutch/Shell was chosen to lead a third project. The last two projects have a value of $7 billion to $10 billion each, Prince Saud al Faisal told reporters. 
The other companies selected were BP of Britain, TotalFinaElf of France, Conoco Inc. of Houston, Phillips Petroleum Co. of Bartlesville, Okla., Occidental Petroleum Corp. of Los Angeles, Enron Corp. of Houston and Marathon Oil Co. of Houston. 
Harry Longwell, director and senior vice president at Exxon Mobil, said the financial terms of the deal are still being discussed. But he said his company is ready to begin the work when the final contracts are signed. 
"The Saudis' expectations are extremely aggressive," Longwell said. "It's a very tight schedule and in recognition of that, the ability to get this done is one of the key reasons we were chosen to lead two of these ventures. We already have a senior management team in place and are ready to go to work immediately Saudi Oil Minister Ali Ibrahim Naimi said the companies are expected to profit on returns from the exploration and development of gas fields with more than 15% of the investment cost. 
Saudi Arabia's state-owned energy company, Saudi Aramco, will be an equity owner in the projects. 
Saud said if the companies discover oil, they will be compensated and the fields will be repossessed by Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi Arabia nationalized its oil fields in 1975 and closed its energy exploration and production sectors to foreign investment. 
Although locked out of the production of energy, Irving, Texas-based Exxon Mobil has $5 billion in refining and petrochemical joint ventures in the country and is the largest foreign purchaser of crude oil and other hydrocarbons from Saudi Aramco.
DAILY DATEBOOK
JON CARROLL
Enron is my spiritual teacher
Jon Carroll
06/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
E.10
THE BUDDHA SAYS that we take wisdom where we find it. Perhaps the Buddha does not say that, but it's not a bad idea anyway. The Buddha would have said it, maybe, had he not been saying the other things. 
Our enemies can teach us lessons. Our adversaries can make us stronger. They can be consumed with greed and contempt, their very breath can be toxic, and yet their actions can open upward-flowing paths.
Take Enron, the energy company, or Chevron, another energy company, or El Paso Natural Gas, yet another energy company. These organizations are the minions of Satan. They pillage and they profit. They are in the ascendant. Their enemies fall before them like cordwood. Ordinary citizens cower and meekly hand over tribute. 
And yet we thank them. We send our investigators after them and we pray that their executives land in jail, but we thank them. They have shown us the nature of our enslavement. They have defined the nature of our sloth. 
We have believed the Big Lie. We have believed in the free lunch. We have trusted those who would pander to us. We have eaten energy in great dripping gobs. Did we know it was not infinitely renewable? Oh yes. Did we understand that energy companies could create "shortages" whenever they wanted merely by closing plants for "maintenance"? You bet we did. And did we confuse the energy companies with charitable organizations and/or alchemists able to repeal the laws of nature? We did not. 
But it was more convenient to forget those things, and so we did. We have busy lives. We must do the things we must do. The infrastructure is everywhere crumbling, and we are patching it up ourselves. We are paying bureaucrats with taxes, but the bureaucrats are inadequate, so now the spirit of volunteerism is much praised. 
Volunteers are people who do jobs that other people are being paid to do but don't. 
AND SOMEHOW, EVEN in a society as relentlessly materialistic as this one, we forgot about our own checking accounts. Already seduced by the idea that credit card debt is good clean fun, we decided to waste a lot of money using energy we didn't need. 
I'm not talking about using a washing machine instead of going down to the river and beating your clothes with small stones -- I'm talking about washing machines with quarter-full loads and settings far too powerful for the task at hand. Right? Lights burning in unoccupied rooms. Appliances plugged in but never used. 
We pay for it. We send our wonderful money straight to the largest villains in American commerce because we are too stupid to do anything else. You wonder why they have contempt for us. You wonder why Dick Cheney believes he can fool all of the people all of the time. Because he has. 
Look: Last week the secretary of commerce suggested means-testing Social Security -- that is, means-testing a pension plan. You gave us the money, we kept it for 40 years, now -- prove that you need it! 
Why did he suggest that? Because he can! Why did PG&E demand additional compensation for its executives, who are moral dimbulbs and social criminals under any fair definition? Because they can get away with it! They will get away with it! You watch! 
I AM NOT saying that we have no one to blame but ourselves. There are active villains, and there are people who allow villainy to occur. Everyone in a corrupt system is corrupt. The fools are the ones who don't end up with any extra money. 
We are the fools. If we understand our foolishness, we begin to be wise. We send lovely bread-and-butter notes to Enron -- once we were blind, but now we see. And we await developments, or create them. 
EDITORIAL
WASHINGTON INSIGHT
Gloom today, glut tomorrow
Carolyn Lochhead
06/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
A.19
WHAT GOES UP usually comes down. And few industries are more prone to boom and bust than energy. 
Imagine the news stories a few years from now: "Crisis hangover -- energy stocks sink as prices plunge; But California consumers still stuck with high bills."
"The energy industry is suffering its worst downturn since the supply glut of the 1990s, as dozens of big new power plants come on line, and the just-completed Alaskan gas pipeline sends natural gas prices to their lowest levels in six years. 
"The one bright spot for Texas generators is California, where consumers are locked into long-term contracts for wholesale electricity that the state signed at the peak of its blackouts in the summer of 2001. 
"Sacramento lawmakers have appealed to President Daschle to help get the state off the hook, arguing that California will never claw its way out of its economic slump if businesses continue to flee to states where energy is cheap. 
"But top Enron lobbyist Gray Davis, a former governor of California, warned Daschle that suppliers would have little choice but to go to court to enforce the contracts the state signed Washington and Sacramento are agog with the energy crisis and bursting at the seams with plans to fix it. But the one thing no one - - even environmentalists -- suggests is letting high energy prices discourage energy consumption or encourage new supplies. 
"To economists, letting the price rise is the solution," said Paul Portney, president of Resources for the Future, a Washington think tank. "To elected representatives, having the price go up is the problem Political memories tend to be selective and short. But it was the energy glut of the 1990s that contributed to California's blackouts, $3 gasoline and $400-a-month heating bills. Likewise, high prices are now laying the seeds of their own destruction. 
As a story in the New York Times noted, an energy investment boom "promises a cyclical increase in supplies that is expected to stabilize or reduce prices in coming months, many industry executives and private analysts say Through much of the 1990s, there was a glut of energy. Fuel of all kinds was really cheap. 
How cheap? Adjusted for inflation, as cheap as in 1949, economists calculate. 
Energy is the oxygen of the economy, and rock-bottom prices contributed to the long economic boom. But low prices also caused energy production to slump and consumption to soar. 
People ditched their economy cars for SUVs. Houses got bigger, ceilings got higher and kitchens sprouted industrial stoves with enough BTUs to melt aluminum. Stores, offices and homes turned into summertime refrigerators. 
Low prices discouraged energy development. 
"Oil was so cheap for so long, that people were selling their refineries," Portney said. "You had virtually no exploration for new natural gas when prices were at $2 a BTU As demand soared and supply fell, prices rose. Profits have grown so robust that green fuels, such as biomass and wind, are becoming economically viable. The oil industry is booming. Refineries are expanding. The long-delayed construction of a natural gas pipeline from Alaska now looks likely. So many power plants are under construction that the market may be flooded with as much as 200,000 new megawatts by 2004. 
Investments in energy efficiency -- from new-age superconducting transmission wires to better light bulbs -- are suddenly looking attractive for the first time in decades. 
"High prices will dampen demand, high prices will encourage supply, and will encourage people to make better use of what they've got," said Robert Ebel, director of energy for the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "So we're starting on the down slope. We're not very far down. When prices start to decline, I can't say how far they will go. But they will decline, because that's just the law of supply and demand. Prices decline, demand starts to creep up again, there's less incentive to add to supply, and here we go again."
INDIA: Rating firms may be judging India harshly-analysts.
By Vidya Ranganathan
06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - Analysts have reacted with surprise to last week's decision of ratings agency Fitch to cut India's sovereign ratings outlook to negative from stable, and say there are no grounds to downgrade the country. 
Fitch, which rates India's foreign currency obligations at BB-plus, a notch above Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's, cited concerns about fiscal policy, privatisation and deterioration in foreign investment climate.
However, economists speculated it could either be on account of Fitch adjusting its ratings in line with other global agencies, or a fallout of U.S. energy giant Enron Corp's threat to exit an Indian power venture over payments problems. 
Moody's and S&P said on Friday they have not revised ratings or outlook but are disappointed with fiscal reform efforts. 
Local currency and stock markets reacted nervously to the announcement, but economists said most concerns were exaggerated. 
"When the direction of reforms is positive and government flows are improving, the outlook should not change," said Mohan Nagarajan, chief economist at local rating agency CARE Ltd. 
Even if the provocation for the rating review was the Enron episode, analysts said the problems were specific to the power sector and will not affect the robust foreign investment the country has been receiving. 
"Enron was a bad deal, made on unreasonable terms in the first place and does not reflect the ability of the government to pay its dues," said an economist with a U.S.-based fund. 
Some of the confusion arises from the various ratings assigned to India. 
Moody's has retained a positive outlook on its Ba2 rating since late 1999, while S&P has a stable outlook and a BB rating. 
CONCERNS OVERSTATED 
Analysts said none of the factors Fitch cited had deteriorated in the past year, since it first rated India. 
Fitch said India's fiscal-monetary mix was unfavorable, real interest rates were high and there was the risk of a debt trap. 
India marginally overshot its budgeted fiscal deficit in 2000/01 (April-March) to 5.2 percent of GDP, down from the previous year's 5.6 percent. 
But laws to control government spending are awaiting parliament's approval, there are incentives for disciplined state governments and a determined effort at privatising state-run firms has begun. 
Burgeoning fiscal deficits have persisted for a decade and public debt at 60 percent of GDP is high, but at six percent annual growth, India is one of the fastest expanding economies in Asia. 
"In terms of external liquidity, India is much stronger than its BB+ rating while even its public debt to GDP ratio is lower than that of some Asian nations," said P.K. Basu, chief economist for South East Asia at Credit Suisse First Boston, Singapore. 
Foreign investment has been pouring in - portfolio flows at $2.2 billion so far in 2001 are at record levels and compare with $1.56 billion for the whole of 2000 - and foreign exchange reserves are strong at $42.8 billion. 
Interest rates and yields have also dropped, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) adopting an aggressive easing stance this year to prop the slowing economy, and inflation is benign. 
"The hardest initial steps are being taken and there is still a lot of inertia, but soon there will be a willing audience and reforms can progress faster," CARE's Nagarajan said. 
But critics said the changes were still very superficial and structural reforms that would spur long-term growth and demand were lacking. 
"What the rating agencies have emphasised is fiscal consolidation, which means better revenue streams, efficient expenses, user charges for public utilities...we promised these three years back and haven't moved very far on those," said Saumitra Chaudhari, economist with local rating agency ICRA Ltd. 
"We still do not have a securities bill, mature debt market and our banks have not cleaned up 
INDIA: India rupee ends off lows, fwds close higher.
06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - The rupee ended unchanged on Monday, recovering from the day's low after a large European bank sold dollars, dealers said. 
It had slipped to a low of 47.04 per dollar in early deals on dollar purchases by a jewellery importer.
The rupee ended at steady at d47.01/02 per dollar. 
Dealers said there was no impact of Friday's comments from international rating agencies which had raised concerns over continuity of foreign investment and dragged shares lower. 
The currency recovered from lows around 47.085 on Friday, reacting to international rating agency Fitch's revision in the outlook for India's ratings on sovereign debt to negative from stable, citing worries about fiscal policy, privatisation and deterioration in the country's foreign investment climate. 
Later, rating firms Moody's and Standard & Poor's (S&P) said they were disappointed over the government's reform effort. 
Moody's also raised a concern about India's Maharashtra state utility's ongoing tussle with Houston-based Enron Corp and said: "the dispute indicates that India's government may not be willing to live up to its contractual obligations It added this would further deter foreign direct investment from coming into the country. 
The comments weighed on bond prices, which extended losses on Monday, and in turn led to paying in dollar forwards. 
"After a long gap, there was corporate paying interest in forwards today," a dealer with a state-run bank said. 
The six-month forward ended at an annualised 5.10 percent compared with Friday's 4.95. 
For a speed guide to Reuters treasury coverage, ((Bombay Treasury Desk, +91 22 265-9000 fax +91 22 264-1699, vidya.ranganathan@reuters.com 
UK: Spectron trades UK's first post-NETA spark spread.
06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
LONDON, June 4 (Reuters) - Energy brokerage Spectron said late on Friday it had traded the first brokered gas-electricity arbitrage, or "spark spread", deal in the UK since the launch in March this year of new electricity trading arrangements (NETA "Now that liquidity has returned to the electricity market post NETA, such transactions are expected to become more common...", said Spectron in a statement.
The deal was concluded between UK utility Powergen and U.S. energy group Enron Spectron said the trade, covering winter 2002, was for 60 megawatts of electricity at 21.42 pounds a megawatt hour and for 100,000 therms of gas at 24.85 pence a therm. 
The winter period specified in the deal ran from October 1 to March 31. 
For the electricity, one day was defined as 2300 hours to 2300 hours. 
For the gas, one day was 0600 hours to 0600 hours. 
The deal comes as the industry moves to create standard terms and conditions for spark spreads. 
Powergen is due to meet in mid-June with other traders, including Aquila Energy , for talks aimed at agreeing standard terms. 
"It is hoped that the market will soon establish standardised documentation leading to a standardised product that will help promote liquidity in one or more levels of efficiency," said Spectron.
INDIA: Enron India lenders meet in Singapore on Tuesday.
By Sriram Ramakrishnan
06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - Lenders to Enron Corp's troubled Dabhol Power Company begin a two-day meeting in Singapore on Tuesday to try and settle differences over continued support to a controversial $2.9 billion power project in India. 
Representatives of some of the world's largest banks like Citibank , ABN AMRO , and Bank of America, will be at the meeting. Indian lenders like the Industrial Development Bank of India , State Bank of India and ICICI will also participate.
Market analysts speculate that the meeting will attempt to forge a joint stand on supporting the project which now produces 740 MW of power and is slated to increase it to 2,184 MW shortly in its second phase. 
But it comes against a backdrop of rising tension between Dabhol and the Indian state utility, the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB), which is the sole buyer of Dabhol's electricity. 
Indian lenders, who have lent the bulk of the funds to the plant, want to continue supporting the project. 
But they are being opposed by offshore lenders who want to withdraw their loans. Loans of around $638 million of the offshore lenders are covered by guarantees provided by Indian institutions. 
The Indian lenders, fearing for their profitability if the foreign banks pull the plug, plan to oppose any such move. 
But they have been forced on the backfoot by MSEB's decision last week to stop buying power from Dabhol and terminate its 1995 contract with the company under which it agreed to lift the entire output. 
The MSEB has complained that Dabhol produces costly power while Dabhol has blamed MSEB for defaulting on payments worth $48 million. 
Last month, Dabhol issued a preliminary notice to terminate its contract to sell power. It has also filed for arbitration in London. This provoked MSEB to haul Dabhol before a local regulatory body, the Maharashtra State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), which issued a temporary order staying the arbitration proceedings. 
The dispute has already affected India's image among foreign investors. 
Last week, global rating agency Moody's expressed concern over slippage in the Indian government's reform programme and cited the Enron's dispute as an example that the country may be losing credibility with foreign investors. 
"The dispute indicates that India's government may not be willing to live up to its contractual obligations. As a consequence, this would further deter foreign direct investment from coming into the country," Moody's said. 
India's federal Power Minister Suresh Prabhu tried to dispel those fears in an interview with Reuters on Sunday. 
"India is always in favour of making sure that international contracts are respected," he said. "There is no need for concern." ($1 = 47 Indian rupees).
INDIA: UPDATE 1-India's Prabhu says power reforms enter new phase.
By Clarence Fernandez
06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.
BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - India's reforms of its sputtering power sector have entered a new phase, with plans afoot to free up private supply, overhaul debt-ridden state utilities and recraft tariffs, Power Minister Suresh Prabhu told Reuters. 
With investors' fears fanned by a squabble between U.S. energy giant Enron Corp and a local utility, Prabhu said in an interview late on Sunday that India is standing behind international contracts.
"Sanctity of contracts has to be kept," Prabhu said. 
The row began late last year when the utility in western Maharashtra state defaulted on payments of $48 million to Dabhol Power Company, 65 percent owned by Enron. The 2,184 MW power project is India's largest foreign investment, at $2.9 billion. 
Prabhu has vowed to take Indian reforms in a new direction. 
"Absolutely," he said in reply to a question whether India's reforms have entered a different phase. The Power Ministry will now also focus on power distribution, he added, besides its early preoccupation with generation needs. 
"In India unfortunately for the last 10 years...reforms policy was skewed in favour of generation," he said. "We never really realised that distribution is the more important part of the process Prabhu added, "We have now decided we will make enough structural changes in distribution so that at the end of distribution enough investment is made CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT 
A chartered accountant, Prabhu hails from the verdant regions of India's western coastal strand, and chaired a co-operative bank that was one of the country's largest, in terms of deposits, before his foray into politics. 
An errant lock of hair straying across his forehead, Prabhu eschews the Indian politician's traditional uniform of starched white handspun cotton for the shirtsleeves and trousers preferred by the professionals who have entered government, and whom local media call "technocrats Prabhu said India has decided to allow private producers to sell power direct to consumers, lifting curbs that have hobbled the country's decade-old reform effort. 
He said the question of power affordability had spurred him to ask India's states to permit third-party sales of power, which analysts have called a stumbling-block for foreign investment. 
"They cannot force a generator to sell power only to the SEBs, and that's a major change we are trying to make," Prabhu said, referring to the states. 
SEBs or state electricity boards are owned by the state governments, and supply power to most of India. 
India estimates that 100,000 MW of fresh capacity will have to be installed over the next 12 years to meet its power needs. Most of the $200 billion in funds that will be required will have to come from foreign private investment. 
But India's spotty reform record over the last decade has made investors wary. Bureaucratic procedures, legal delays and political wrangling have held up reform moves. 
RATING REVISED TO NEGATIVE 
Last week global rating agency Fitch revised India's sovereign rating outlook to negative from stable, citing fiscal concerns, the slow pace of privatisation and deterioration in the country's foreign investment climate. Competing agency Moody's sees signs of slippage in the reforms, and Standard & Poor's has expressed worries over India's budget deficit. 
Prabhu said he wants to overhaul state power utilities by introducing standard accounting policies, cutting transmission and distribution losses to 15 percent, and tackling crushing debt, thus helping to lure foreign investment into the sector. 
The poor financial health of the utilities, expected to run up combined losses of about $6 billion in the 2001/02 fiscal year, has proved a hurdle in efforts to draw private investment. 
Prabhu said an expert panel examining ways to restructure SEB finances - looking at technical, commercial and tariff issues - is expected to report within a few weeks. 
"For the first time we will be preparing commercial data which is internationally accepted. We will be preparing technical data which is internationally appreciable. And thirdly, we'll be creating an information base which will be created by experts and then made available to the states," he said. 
The utilities' transmission and distribution losses run to up to 25 percent of the electricity they generate, compared to a figure of about eight percent internationally, he said. 
Prabhu wants to trim this to about 15 percent within two or three years. 
"In the case of India, I am willing to accept a figure of 14 percent to 15 percent, because to bring it below that will be technically feasible but commercially unviable," he added. 
Other steps to tone up power generation include attempts to link the eastern region with the rest of India, efforts to boost plant load factors through modernisation of equipment, and to persuade people to use energy more efficiently. 
Prabhu said he is building political will to support these moves through a programme to tell consumers why they can no longer get power cheap, or even free, as many did in the past. ($1=47 Indian rupees).
Nigerian president slams US energy firm Enron for "poor performance"
06/04/2001
BBC Monitoring
Source: The Guardian web site, Lagos, in English 4 Jun 01/BBC Monitoring/(c) BBC
Text of article by Francis Obinor entitled: "Obasanjo chides Enron on Lagos power project"; published by Nigerian newspaper The Guardian web site on 4 June 
For failing to live up to expectation of the Nigerian government and the people as regard its role in the Independent Power Project (IPP) initiated by the Lagos State government two years ago, Enron, the American firm got a hard knock from President Olusegun Obasanjo at the weekend [2-3 June].
In his conclusion, Obasanjo accused Enron, a major player in the electricity project, of poor performance and bad faith. Ostensibly angry at the delay in the project's full take-off and the 30 MW recently connected to the national grid from the scheme, the president on the American Cable News Network (CNN) declared: "Enron has played a dirty game on us. Dirty game in two ways Beside putting up an exorbitant price, the company according to the president, also failed to comply with the terms of the contract. Continuing, Obasanjo said: "The price at which they (Enron) have tried to sell power to us has been very exorbitant. Two, what they told us they would do, they have not done While refusing to disclose the firm's charges, Enron Vice-President of Marketing John Ambler said the primary objective of the company was to get the project on stream. "We have a project that is very close to coming on line," he said, stressing that the company's desire is to see the project work effectively in Nigeria, especially in Lagos. He added that Enron is committed to the IPP and assured Lagosians that they would soon begin to feel the impact. 
The state government brought forward the June 2001 deadline it set for the commencement of the first phase of the project when it fired the first 30 MW of electricity to the national grid two weeks ago. 
At the Government House on 23 May, Governor Bola Tinubu said his administration and the contracting firm felt that there was no harm in bringing the date forward and assured that another 30 MW would be added soon. He noted that, contrary to expectations that the project would cover the entire state at a go, it would be in phases and the focus for now would be industrial consumption. "The concentration for now is not as private homes, we would soon get there," Tinubu assured. 
The controversial IPP programme, which the federal government had at one time been accused of frustrating, has suffered several setbacks, including Enron's initial plan to sell its shares to AES, another American company. Last April was originally fixed for the project's take-off but the failure of Trevi, a construction company in charge of transmitters, caused a shift in the date.
India: India and Bush Administration: Beyond assumptions
06/04/2001
Business Line (The Hindu)
SOON after Mr George W. Bush Jr. won the US elections, Indian observers proclaimed quickly that a Republican administration bodes good for India. A Republican administration was expected to not pester India about human rights violations in Kashmir, not force it to sign the CTBT, and get tougher with China. 
Mr George Bush's decision to "drop by" the External Affairs Minister, Mr Jaswant Singh's meeting with the American National Security Advisor, Ms Condoleezza Rice, seemed to somehow confirm this false sense of euphoria. This narrow thinking fails to understand the drivers of Republican ideology. The reality is the Republicans care about a range of issues that will force the BJP Government to make some difficult decisions.
Take the first issue of human rights violations in Kashmir. It is true there are many isolationists in the Republican Party who, probably, do not care about human rights violation in Kashmir so long as it does not affect them, and is not happening in their backyard. But there is another powerful force in Republican politics - the religious wing. This includes powerful members of the US Cabinet such as The Attorney-General, Mr John Ashcroft, who are Christian fundamentalists. 
Mr Bush himself claims to be a 'born again Christian The religious right is rarely interested in foreign policy; it mostly concerns itself with moral and social issues such as abortion and teenage pregnancy. But the few times it does intervene, it is when it feels a country is "persecuting Christians". And when it does intervene, no Republican administration dares cross it. 
For instance, China is periodically identified as a country that persecutes Christians. Christian missionaries and ministers are routinely harassed and imprisoned because they are trying to spread their religion. Because of this issue, Republican members of the Christian right in Congress have all but declared a religious war on China, routinely opposing any attempt to improve relations - including trade relations - with that country. 
India, as an emerging power, is more carefully watched, and frequently mentioned in the American press. Stories of Christian missionaries being burnt alive and nuns raped are attributed to "elements associated with the Hindu fundamentalist ruling party". In its latest human rights report, the US State Department noted these acts with concern. 
The Pope's mention of these issues to the Prime Minister, Mr Atal Bihari Vajpayee, was also noted in the American press. India is, perhaps, half a step away from being branded as a country that "persecutes Christians A self-professed born-again Christian like Mr George Bush would quickly take up the Christian right's cause, trumping all other bilateral issues. Human rights may not matter to the isolationists, but Christian, and to a lesser extent Jewish, religious freedom matters tremendously to a Republican administration. 
The second fallacy was that since the Republicans in Congress did not pass the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, they would not force other countries to pass the CTBT either. But why are the Republicans are opposed to the CTBT. The opponents of the CTBT feel that it fails to safeguard American security. They frankly care little about Indian security. They would love to be able to restrict India's ability to test and use its weapons. To them, nuclear weapons not in American hands translates into an unsafe world. Unless India manages to convince the Republicans otherwise, the Republican administration is likely to tighten the anti-proliferation screws on India. 
The third fallacy relates to a tough, long-term strategic re-alignment the Bush Administration will demand of India. Mr Bush's foreign policy-makers are unreconstructed 'Cold Warriors'. In the post-Cold War era, they are desperately "searching for an enemy". They appear to have settled on China as "the next enemy". Their next step is to search for "allies" 
who rarely challenge their views. Thinkers in Washington and New Delhi believe that India and the US are "natural allies". But such a decision has an enormous range of long-term consequences for India. 
To discuss just a few: Most of the Indian military's equipment comes from Russia and the former Soviet Union. Allying with the US will be seen by the Russians as abandoning them, and this could have an enormous impact on the legacy military equipment. Recent noises from the Foreign Ministry suggest India is also eager about Mr George Bush's proposed missile defence programme. But this technology is far from proven, and during the decade over which it may be developed (if it gets past Congress), China will most certainly develop many nuclear weapons. These may, primarily, be a deterrent against the US, but it will force India into an arms buildup it can barely afford. 
The Americans are reserving their missile defence system for their "closest allies". India today is neither fish nor fowl - not quite a threat, but not quite an ally either. It is unlikely that India will be able to convince the Americans to give it the defence system. 
Even if the Americans agree to sell it to India, it could never afford the sticker price. So, before it rejoices at the notion of anti-China hawks in the White House, let India ponder over the unexamined consequences. 
The final issue is one that may precipitate in the very near term. 
Enron and Maharashtra find themselves in a dispute that neither wants to lose, and that appears to be rapidly getting shriller. Mr George Bush's background is as a Texas oilman - and he is widely accused in the US of being beholden to the interests of the energy industry. 
In fact, they were among the biggest "contributors to his campaign The Enron Chairman, Mr Kenneth Lay, is a friend of Mr Bush's, and was seriously considered for a job in his Cabinet. He is so well connected that he was recently accused of influencing who is appointed by the White House to regulate the energy industry. In the near term, Mr Bush could quite possibly lean heavily on New Delhi to "make sure that Enron's interests are not neglected". If New Delhi does not respond to his satisfaction, his opinion of India, and consequently, his administration's dealings with the country, are likely to be coloured far more than we think. 
Giridhar Srinivasan
Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project
2001-06-04 08:41 (New York)
Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project
Mumbai, June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Indian banks that loaned money
to Dabhol Power Corp., the local unit of Enron Corp., will try and
persuade their international counterparts to keep alive the $3
billion project at a meeting of lenders in Singapore tomorrow.
The two-day meeting will be the first between the two groups
of bankers since they met in London on April 24-25 to discuss an
escalating dispute on power prices that has pitted Enron against
the Maharashtra State Electricity Board, Dabhol's only customer.
``We will discuss how we can go about resolving the
problem,'' R.S. Agarwal, executive director at Industrial
Development Bank of India, or IDBI, said. IDBI is the biggest
lender to the Dabhol project.
The outcome of the Singapore meeting, to be held in the
offices of ABN Amro Holding NV, one of the biggest international
lenders to the project, will be crucial to the banks, which have
loaned as much as $2 billion to Dabhol.
Indian banks fear the Maharashtra State Electricity Board's
decision to stop buying power from Dabhol may strengthen
international lenders' resolve to terminate the project and invoke
government guarantees to recover their loans.
``Foreign lenders want to close the (Dabhol) chapter,'' said
Pradyumna Kaul, an activist with Enron Virodhi Andolan, a non-
government organization opposed to the project. ``They are eager
to call in their loans, even if it means taking a 10 to 15 percent
cut, rather than spend more on supervision and legal expenses
while watching the saga linger      Local banks such as IDBI are most at risk as the Maharashtra
and federal governments have guaranteed only foreign banks' loans
of about $600 million to the venture.
IDBI alone has exposure totaling 21.58 billion rupees ($460
million) to the project, including 15.28 billion rupees in
guarantees.
Foreign lenders such as ABN Amro, Citibank N.A., a unit of
Citigroup Inc., Bank of America and Credit Suisse First Boston in
April approved Dabhol's decision to begin termination of its power
supply contract with the board. They are in favor of canceling the
project.
India's government risks having to pay 170 billion rupees in
fines, resulting from guarantees it has offered on payments and
loans, if Enron pulls out of the project.
The Fight
Maharashtra State Electricity Board Wednesday stopped buying
power from Dabhol as the dispute escalated. The board on May 24
told Dabhol Power Co. it was canceling its power purchase
contract, six days after Dabhol gave the board notice it was set
to pull out of the project because of the six-month dispute over
bills owed by the board.
``The MSEB's move has complicated the matter. We did not
expect MSEB to do this,'' Agarwal at IDBI said last week.
Dabhol, 65 percent owned by Enron, and the board are in
dispute over 3 billion rupees in unpaid bills for December and
January. Others bills through March have been paid.
The board has refused to pay the December and January bills,
saying they should be lowered to reflect a 4 billion rupee penalty
the board imposed on Dabhol for not supplying power at full
capacity on Jan. 28.
The dispute Thursday prompted debt-rating company Fitch to
change its outlook on India to ``negative'' from ``stable.'' Fitch
said the climate for foreign investors has deteriorated.
``The dispute indicates that India's government may not be
willing to live up to its contractual obligation,'' the Economic
Times quoted Kristin Lindow, India analyst at Moody's Investors
Service, as saying. ``As a consequence, this would further deter
foreign director investment from coming into the country      Moody's and Standard & Poor's have stable outlooks on the
country's sovereign rating. S&P has an investment grade rating of
``BBB'' on the country's sovereign debt. Moody's, like Fitch,
rates India's debt as junk at ``BB2 
Enron Japan's Hirl on Power Deregulation: Commodity Comment
2001-06-04 06:29 (New York)
Sydney, June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Joseph Hirl, chief executive of
Enron Corp.'s Japanese unit, Enron Japan Corp., comments on the
outlook for deregulation of Japan's electricity industry. He spoke
at the Coaltrans Asia conference in Sydney.
On Japanese government policy:
``The government does have a strong commitment to
deregulation, but there are some significant policy concerns''
including a ``greater than 80 percent reliance on imports'' of
energy.
``The market has been open a bit over a year, however not
much has happened. No genuine competition exists under the current
system. The companies there recognize that it will happen. It's
inevitable.
``The level of competition in Japan now is similar to the
U.S. in 1994-95, or Europe in 1996-97. Prices are about 400
percent higher than the U.S.
``To put it in perspective, I won't give the name of this
large chemical company, but it consumes about 600 megawatts. If
you compare that business with a company that's just like it in
Houston, Texas, the difference would be about $250 million a year
in the cost of electricity.
``For such an export-led economy, that's a difficult
situation to be in, and it's contributing to the overall malaise
in the economy 
On the likelihood of a California-style electricity crisis in
Japan:
``Despite exploitation of California by the utilities, METI
(Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and others recognize it
was a problem of design, not competition'' in California.
no idea
John- do you remember the details of a large nat gas deal we did with them (probably a few years ago)?
thanks,
ca
thanks,   i'll be there today
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 
Hey babe:
Any chance there are copies of the Nightline and/or Frontline shows lying around??
definitely did.  you have to be a pretty boring person to not have fun in south beach
before the whole week goes by.... i had a great time in miami and i hope you did too.
ca
Looks fine to me.
--John
John/Kevin/John 
Can you take a look at this and tell me if anything gives you heartburn.  Its a sidebar for an article on energy trading in Global Finance.  The reporter's deadline is Fri., June 8.  Thanks.
Eric
- Enron.final.doc  
Agree.  Still not at supply/demand equilibrium.  Unfortunately, market lacks a catalyst for sharp move down from here until bid week.  i think continue to see slow erosion.  think we are slowly running out of places to put gas.  discretionary storage guys have their belly full.  can see cash/futures just keep widening from here.  q/v spread, even though it widens every day, still has a long way to go.  think you get to V and there is nowhere to put the gas.  could see v/x going to 30+.  i buy every cantango spread i can.  when market moves up the winter goes 1 for 1, when the market goes down you make money.  strongest product in the gas market are nymex futures.  everything else is a bloodbath.  socal basis has gone from $10 to $4 in the past month.  canadian storage balances are ridiculous.  imports are going to blow away last year.   new lng coming in late novy.  rig count is like open interest, a straight line up.  gas is behaving very price inelastic, just like it did on the move from $3 to $5 last year.  see little hope. =20
h/j is the craziest spread on the board.  it is not a fundamentally priced spread though.  for several reasons, the industry uses that spread primarily to link the front of the board to the back.  think the front will keep drifting lower and the back will find some customer buy support as we get cal 2 down to 3.75 ish.  thus, h/j has to come in...i think.  plus i have the fundamentals on my side.
not much change for me john-i dont see much hope from the bull side. a hot
summer at this pt only delays my bearishness further. its 3.1 tcf most
bullish end oct or 3.4 if we're not hot for the rest of summer. either way
says its all too high priced.
now what the hell is up w/bo buying those H/J?? to me this one is looking
a little like the aug/oct(remember how stupid that was at +5 cts. h/j maybe
not that redicuous but almost. at what pt will the mkt/world give up on the
winter strip and h/j gets back to a more reasonalbe 15 cts like jan/feb and
feb/mar?
mkt seems to be treating you well. still pluggin along here. so far so
good. but im pretty much unwavering in my bearish conviction-think its still
down and maybe below 3 bucks and much more-always the problem of how much
wip you have to take in the short term.
our cust stuff on the buy side has finally cooled off as all those guys
hedged over 5.00. industrial sectors still suffering from bad bad margins as
the chemical biz sucks due to imports,ammonia  and metals biz sucks.resid
prices will help a little but if we have 2 bcf/day more supply y on y then
there is no hope.
be cool number 212-836-5030
are you prepared to defend your answer?
and your offer?
Please respond to  
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
come on up this afternoon around 3 
i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 
send
can i come tomorrow---- i have a couple of meetings today
come on up this afternoon around 3 
i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 
tomorrow's fine
what?
send
can i come tomorrow---- i have a couple of meetings today
come on up this afternoon around 3 
i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 
did you call?
was in your building last night
are you going to tell me or do i have to guess
I've decided what the charge should be for housing refugees during power outages and other tragic phenomena as a result of the Flood of a Lifetime.
second, third, and fourth that
this is craziness.
Please delete previous message.  It was meant for David Oxley
Liz:
Wondering if you've had any luck in securing tix for this Saturday's game.  Also, are the diamonds available for Jun 23?
Thanks,
John
not after today
Is lavorato going to buy you a vacheron?
late night yesterday?
me thinks you missed a 9
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
I told you we should have sold cal 5-14 yesterday
yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask?
Hey - -did you meet this guy?!
my plan worked
Actually, what really happened is that he told me you were a prick to him and he wasn't taking the job because of your arrogant attitude!
yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask?
Hey - -did you meet this guy?!
Kim:
At the start of the year, I requested tix for this Friday's and Sunday's games.  Just checking to see if they have my name on them.
no, but i didnt even know you guys were going.
Are you coming in for the game tomorrow? 
marcus:
any thoughts about next weekend?  i still want to go somewhere.  this is killing me.  how about south america or is it too far?
take me off your list=20
[IMAGE]=09Quote.com  [IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09     My Portfolio  
[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE] The Daily Quote=09[IMAGE]  [IMAGE]=09=09Brought to you every morning as of 10 AM ET. Click on the MORE link for the most current information.=09[IMAGE]=09
=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09
=09=09 =09=09    [IMAGE]  Markets     Index Last Change % Chg Dow10,723.95[IMAGE]147.67-1.35%  =09=09  =09  Quote of the Day   =09=09=09  In Boston they ask, ?How does he know??  In New York, ?How much is he worth??  In Philadelphia, ?Who were his parents??: Mark Twain   =09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09    [IMAGE]  US Stocks Pct Gainers        As of 6/14/2001 12:25:11 PM ET Symbol Last Change % Chg    [IMAGE] ENMC1.64[IMAGE]0.3426.15%[IMAGE  =09    [IMAGE]  Today's Feature - Thursday      Arbitrage Arbitrage is a tricky business that involves some guesswork. But, if performed in conjunction with solid due diligence, it can pay off handsomely.  More   =09=09=09    [IMAGE]  Your Watch List News     ENMC  News Encore Medical Corporation Secures New Funding  
[IMAGE]
=09=09  To unsubscribe from this newsletter, hit Go!   =09
=09=09  or, send email to DailyQuoteUnsubscribe@news.quote.com  
=09 =09
[IMAGE]=09  =09
[IMAGE]Site Map   is a registered trademark of Carnegie Mellon University. Privacy Policy  
heard of it but not sure exactly what it is.
they guy that wrote the application Crystal Ball will teach my class
tomorrow.  have you used it?
here she is  
The deal got booked to Oil-NG-Hedge-Spec.  It should have been booked to IN-Upstream-St***.  That resulted in an error in my position as well.
have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?
where did you get this info from 
have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out.  mostly just seen calpine selling.
Two Energy Auctions in End Jan-Beg Feb:
In the last week, it has been announced that the CDWR (California
Department of Water Resources) will not honor the Bids resulting from the
two auctions held this year.  Out of the 31 contracts, only 8 have been
signed.  The other 23 are expected to either remain unsigned/uncontracted
or their terms (their prices) are expected to change since power prices
have decreased so much since the beginning of the year.
John- have we seen any selling in the 10 year curve to support the
above..all the people who bought in Jan and Feb selling out 
pooks if you get this call me
will you go to the prom with me?
the way i read it was the 30 something contract signed are good but ones under negotiation from there are either being renegotiated or talks terminated.
announcements came from DWR (who requested intial auction bids).. was a good week ago.. mike grisby should have more details,..makes sense as i heard a month ago that the deals were not finalized.
look at the DWR website  wwwdwr.water.ca.gov.. good info 
and they'll have copies of power contracts which i think fraser is getting
FERC meeting at 1.00 pm on soft caps.. we'll have a review..
where did you get this info from 
have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out.  mostly just seen calpine selling.
Two Energy Auctions in End Jan-Beg Feb:
In the last week, it has been announced that the CDWR (California
Department of Water Resources) will not honor the Bids resulting from the
two auctions held this year.  Out of the 31 contracts, only 8 have been
signed.  The other 23 are expected to either remain unsigned/uncontracted
or their terms (their prices) are expected to change since power prices
have decreased so much since the beginning of the year.
John- have we seen any selling in the 10 year curve to support the
above..all the people who bought in Jan and Feb selling out 
i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next continental flight 
i can't call, class just started.  i can email or instant message.
pooks if you get this call me
it was fine this morn.   starting back up today
how's the breakdown going?
funner than provincetown 
it will be the funnest weekend of the year.  i'll send the bat back with
pictures
i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next
continental flight.
lots of producer selling cal 2 and front strong so h/j still blowing out
hmmm.. will check with mike .. also the DWR contract summary should be out this afternoon.. fraser's group analyzing.
anything going on?  too early to short the mar/apr? 
no, they were just good sellers in the cals. irregardless of the rally in the front this morn, cal 4 didnt move
did you see that deal direct from BOA??
i thought i was joining you
I believe that I might be joining you in the nut house
it was fine this morn.   starting back up today
how's the breakdown going?
Because I am so kind:
Greg Trentham
165 Harding Rd
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Jack Cogen
60 East End Ave #25A
NY, NY 10028
Brian Tracey
19 Heartstone Lane
Wilton, CT 06897
Brian Manolis
81 Forest Ave
Caldwell, NJ 07006
John -
Jeff asked me to get with you and see if you could be so kind to get me the following addresses:
Brian Tracey @ Spectron
Brian Manolis @ Paribas
Greg Trentham @ EDFMAN
Jack Cogen @ Natsource
Thank you,
Jennifer
maine impossible to get to...next option?
fill in
$ _____ per/share
what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.
no crap, what's your bid?
Please respond to  
break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?
Please respond to  
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
thanks
John,
I just got news from the director of parking that you are one of the first ones to be able to receive a reserved parking spot in the new garage upon completion of the skyring.  You are looking at late summer before that happens.  I just wanted to give you a heads up.
Ina Rangel
Pooks, here's your chance to really turn some heads
U.S. Soccer and Philips Electronics Announce Nationwide Contest to Create the First Official Fan Chant for U.S. National Teams 
CHICAGO (Tuesday, June 19, 2001) - Philips Electronics and the United States Soccer Federation today announced a nationwide contest to create the first official fan chant for the U.S. National Men's and Women's Teams.  Designed to propel U.S. players to victory, the contest kicks off a long-term sponsorship deal between the electronics giant and U.S. Soccer.  In conjunction with its sponsorship deal, Philips' has announced a goal to increase the U.S. fan base significantly over the next five years. 
Fans can enter their original chant by visiting the U.S. Soccer website from now until August 15th, 2001.  Visitors to www.us-soccer.com will find entry forms, rule and complete contest details. 
The grand prize winner's chant will be selected by a panel of Philips and U.S. Soccer representatives and will debut at the October 7th World Cup Qualifier in Boston.  The winner will also be able to root for the U.S. Men's and Women's National Teams on his/her new Philips Home Theater system.  Two runners up will be awarded Philips DVD players. 
Continue   
You are currently subscribed to ussoccerfan_tx as: jarnold@
To unsubscribe send a blank email to leave-ussoccerfan_tx-29451C@maillist.ussoccer.org 
94
Good Morning,
Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.
Last Year      +64
Last Week      +105
Thank You,
George Ellis
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.
Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.
Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.
L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.
The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
sun -9% in 6 days.   kid how 
sun down 1%, vlo down 2.5%... good try pooks.  don't worry, you'll get me
next time.
interested in a night of pizza, wine, US soccer, and belize planning tonight?
Here is your two week notice for Belize 
I'm on Continental flight 1231, departing July 4 at 1:25 PM, seat 15D,
returning Sunday, July 8.  I hope you decide to take the later flight
out Saturday.
I talked to the hotel and they have rooms and a scuba instructor available
to dive with us.  Let me know your flights so that I can arrange the
air transfers between Belize City and Placencia and dive lessons through
the hotel.  I haven't booked it yet since they require a non-refundable
deposit.
Call me with any questions - or if you change your mind so that I can
make alternate plans.
Jen
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
screw the english jersey.  just wear red
for tonight's game, i've got a manchester united jersey.  will people jeer
at me because it is english or because it looks like the trinidad jersey?
kid
cost about 200,000-300,000
our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem
1- did the intern help or hurt you?
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming?
at some point it has to or we're going to shut-in economics.  that may be the answer.
what makes you think demand is coming back?..have monitored permanent closures/off-shore moves
no, the opposite.  saying price drop hasnt brought us closer to equilibrium.  we absolutley cant continue this loss of demand, otherwise we end up at 3.2 and the industry doesnt want to /cant end up there.   thus you must pick up at least some demand.  price must keep dropping .   price dropped $1.5 and haven't gained any demand.  that's the scary thing.  how much does it have to drop before we do find it?
so you think we could pop on on the heels of increased demand because of low prices....assuming demand returned to normal how do you think there economic conditions will mitigate this 
cost about 200,000-300,000 
our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem
1- did the intern help or hurt you? 
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming? 
economy starts looking better when energy costs fall 30-50%
the economic picture is not rosy. it's hard to see hoe we get the miracle recovery in q3 or even q4. Have you formed an opinion on this?
no, the opposite.  saying price drop hasnt brought us closer to equilibrium.  we absolutley cant continue this loss of demand, otherwise we end up at 3.2 and the industry doesnt want to /cant end up there.   thus you must pick up at least some demand.  price must keep dropping .   price dropped $1.5 and haven't gained any demand.  that's the scary thing.  how much does it have to drop before we do find it?
so you think we could pop on on the heels of increased demand because of low prices....assuming demand returned to normal how do you think there economic conditions will mitigate this 
cost about 200,000-300,000 
our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem
1- did the intern help or hurt you? 
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming? 
Prompt month vol is moving from 60% to 40% cob today...should increase capacity for front month by 50% for anybody who wants them.
and your offer?
1.99999999999999999999999999999999999
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)
wanna get toasted tonight?
i guarantee it.
you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.
will it make my leg feel better?
wanna get toasted tonight?
i'm going to run to needless markup real fast.  that have a big sale starting today.  if you don''t want to go, i'll pick you up after 
oh yeah, I can quit faking it.  So, what is the plan?
i guarantee it.
you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.
will it make my leg feel better?
wanna get toasted tonight?
3 minutes
in the galleria?  I need to pick up a dress at saks.  when are you going?
i'm going to run to needless markup real fast.  that have a big sale starting today.  if you don''t want to go, i'll pick you up after 
oh yeah, I can quit faking it.  So, what is the plan?
i guarantee it.
you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.
will it make my leg feel better?
wanna get toasted tonight?
let me think about it for a day
John,
These are the following people that are eating daily lunches, that I'm sure can get away from their desk:
Fundamentals group under Chris Gaskill (18 people)
IT group under Colin Tonks (13 people)
Weather group (9 people)
The follwoing people are being charged directly to your cost center:
Amy Cavazos
Bharat Khanna
Bilal Bajwa
Elizabet Soto
Errol McLaughlin
Frnak Hayden
George Huan
Greg Couch
Joey Taylor
Kori Loibl
Laura Vargas
Luchas Johnson
Sean Riordan
Sherry Dawson
I am going to let all of these people know that beginning 7/1/01 the daily lunches will go back to being for the traders only due to cost and time.
Let me know if your okay with this.
Ina Rangel
chris:
can you give access to the fundies site to margaret allen 3-9056
thanks,
john
what????   	where is that?
I assume you no longer plan to come to Belize, but in case you might
be wavering, I've made slightly different plans.  I'm going to San Pedro/Ambergris
Caye where there is more activity (   And if
you want to come but are hesitant because of me, then don't be.   I would
simply enjoy your company diving.
And if you are definately not coming, then you owe me a birthday dinner
before I leave 
Jen
___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at  
EB3221D
3 3230
Please send me your current location AND extension so you may receive your SURPRISE!
i have no interest.
John,
Below  may interest you. If not, who'd be best to talk to at Enron?
Thanks,
Enzo
510-302-6767
ReliantEnergy, DukeEnergy, Entergy-Kochand many othertrading  firms claim to miss outon 75-80% of the arbitrage trading opportunities. We're areextensivelyworking with them tohelp spot those  lucrative spreads.
iSpheres provides  enabling software for deploying meta applications around composite event  management. We are working to enableevent management for traders. Enabling  traders to define composite events around online marketplaces,  weather, generation, transmission, and other information. The  issue weaddressis enabling traders to synthesize all the  information and detect what is actionable. Huge opportunity and payback I'd loveto discussour capabilities,understand what problems types you are  working on, and where we might be of value.I'dlike  to arrange a 30 minute  introductory conference callwith you and  other appropriate folks at Enron.
I have attached an Energy Use Case.
Thanks,
H. Enzo Olfati
Account  Manager
iSpheres Corporation
T (510)  302-6767
- Energy_Use Case.doc  
rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you $1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what you charge me play against you?)
quickly running out of places to put gas.      at least appetite to put gas in storage at same rate.  need some supply/demand dynamics to change else price $3 is no resistance
are we going below 3 any time soon
how is subscription rate going for EOL versus our expectations?
Louise Kitchen/John Lavorato have requested that each of you prepare a brief one page summary highlighting your accomplishments for this review period by end of day Friday, June 29, 2001 
You may use the PEP system and do a self-evaluation (let me know if you need assistance w/this) or send me an email bullet pointing your accomplishments.  If you have already done a self-eval, you do not need to respond to this email.  HR is compiling the information for OOTC and I appreciate your assistance/timely response.  I apologize for the quick turn around-just got the request myself.
Please call or email w/any questions.  Thanks.
sure, send it over.   as the investing contrarian i am, if everybody else is getting out of late-stage vc, i'll take a look.
John -
I realize you don't have "fresh money" now, but if you happen to come across
fresh money in the next month, I want you to be aware of a new crossover
fund.  The fund seeks to invest up to 50% (may exceed 50% under certain
circumstances) of the portfolio into late-stage venture capital companies
through relationships that Putnam and Thomas H. Lee Partners (great name in
private equity) have with various participants in the capital markets.  The
remainder of the fund will be in small- and mid-sized publicly traded
companies managed by Putnam's Specialty Growth team.
Let me know if you're interested, and I'll send a kit over.  So far, nice
trade on the ENE GJs.
 Michael Gapinski
 Account Vice President
 Emery Financial Group
 UBS PaineWebber, Inc.
 713-654-0365
 800-553-3119 x365
 Fax: 713-654-1281
 Cell: 281-435-0295
michael.gapinski@ubspainewebber.com
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
UBS PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by UBS PaineWebber and
UBS PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBS PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
i don't have a problem with that.  The 3 factors I ask in releasing info are:
1. Do customers even know the info is available or useful?
2. Is the info publicly available?
3. Is the info easily obtainable?
In this case, the answer is yes to all three, so I don't care.  If the answer is no to one or more of the above, a judgment call has to be made.
John--
I am a summer analyst working with Laura Luce in the central gas desk.
We are trying to assemble a client-based website which will be used to provide assorted information material to the natrual gas industry to specifically targeted Enron clients.  In so doing, we are trying to gather as much information as possible without crossing lines of propriety.  One of the issues which has come up recently is whether we would be allowed to post next month and/or year-out volatility data.  The data would be posted to a password protected site, but it would be on the extranet.  Chris Gaskill, who is generally our local authority on issues of propriety has suggested that this would ultimately be your decision.  Any comments on the propriety of exposing these volatility curves would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you for your time.
Phil
Hey:
Haven't spoken to you in a while.  Let's get a drink sometime soon.   I'm taking a week and a half off starting July 4 but after that, maybe we can go a Astros game.
Congrats on Connor.  Hope everything is well.
909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX 77002
Hey!!!  My wife Beth delivered a beautiful baby boy- Connor McIntosh.
Please send me  your address so that I can send out a birth announcement.
Thanks,  Marc
- winmail.dat  
Dave:
Would like to sit down sometime and look at most current work on auto trader.
Any time today?  I'm not trading today so I'm free anytime 
talk to john griffith right now.   in the future (month or so) it'll be andy zipper.
We, at the weather desk, are designing a product that pays with gas-price exposure (HDD products that pay in financial equivalents to MMBtus). The solution for this product requires the trading in gas and in weather.
We are in a point to establish the real dynamic of trading, which products to trade. We would like to have some input. To whom should we talk to have this guidance?
Thanks for the help,
Claudio Ribeiro
what's you're new phone 
Kim:
Are John's tix available for the following games:
July 16 or 17  	Cleveland	
Sep 11,12 or 13	San Francisco
Sep 23		Chicago
Thanks,
John
no crap, what's your bid?
break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.
For extra credit If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?
Please respond to  
will you do all of my homework?
i'll pay a grand total of 0
Please respond to  
Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.
Acquiring a Company
In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.
The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.
Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.
As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?
$______ per/share
Kim:
Can I get Mark's on the Jul 17 and John's on Sep 13 and 23?
Thanks,
John
I don't have July tickets until 7/19 however Mark Frevert's tickets are available on 7/17 - do you want them?
September 11, 12, 13 and 23 are all available.
Let me know what you want and send someone up.
k
Kim:
Are John's tix available for the following games:
July 16 or 17  	Cleveland	
Sep 11,12 or 13	San Francisco
Sep 23		Chicago
Thanks,
John
just calling to see if you have anything ingenious to say about this market.  i've covered most of the shorts starting 3.40 all the way down.  agree market probably not at equilibrium just dont really want to press it right now.  the easy money's been made.  want to have a few bullets just in case hot weather or storm takes this thing up to $3.50.  selling some upside calls just in case that never happens i'll still make money.  been an incredible run so far.  have half a mind to pack things up and go on vacation for the rest of year.  however, i'm just doing it for a week and a half starting tomorrow.  will talk to you when i get back and we'll figure out what to do then.
on  vacation my man. but will be on cell phone and email all week. work is  212-836-5030
cell-917-374-6760(if i dont pick up lv a message).  still short jsut wondering how much bouncing around i have to take until we get  to 2.50 or less. certainly the r/r changing a little as we fall but upside like  to be more limited as shorts cover and inventories build. 
hows ogoing there? whats on your mind.  feel free to call cell this week
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing 
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing 
director
good is he a vp or a director?
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing 
it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3.  i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks.  have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here,.
i saw the 2.995 this am was it muc volume? when are we going back there
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing 
puts i assume.   for what months?
i bought the 3.50, 3.25 and 3.00 when it was at 4.44 -- i followed your advice thanks
it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3.  i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks.  have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here,.
i saw the 2.995 this am was it muc volume? when are we going back there
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing 
take-out, wine, and movie?
yes
is this a test?
take-out, wine, and movie?
how bout i bring it?
hmmmmm, I pick wine 
yes
is this a test?
take-out, wine, and movie?
i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier next time.
I'll be here until tomorrow afternoon, then off to Waco to see my mom.  I just got back to my desk after being in meetings all day.  Who knows how long I'll be here tonight and I have a shit load of work to do tomorrow.  Why do I work here again?
What's up with you?  I bought some guest to your floor today but you weren't around.  And I have on boots with curly hair.
Take care, MSA
Oh, let's chat about Guggenheim next week.  Are you going on the 17th too?
you in town this weekend?
how about you get the food
ok - my house is kind of a mess - had a leak in my shower and it messed up my ceiling in my den.  Had to get plumber, now need a contractor, and the stock price to rise so I can pay for it.
what am I suppose to bring?
how bout i bring it?
hmmmmm, I pick wine 
yes
is this a test?
take-out, wine, and movie?
i'll get the movie and wine.  my suggestion is something from central market but i'm easy
what ya want?  who gets the movie?
how about you get the food
ok - my house is kind of a mess - had a leak in my shower and it messed up my ceiling in my den.  Had to get plumber, now need a contractor, and the stock price to rise so I can pay for it.
what am I suppose to bring?
how bout i bring it?
hmmmmm, I pick wine 
yes
is this a test?
take-out, wine, and movie?
John:
Here is my analysis of my guys:
Mike Maggi (2) : P@L for first half a bit misleading.  Up till today, he has run and taken the P&L for 7 days.  3 days were in the first half of the year and 4 in July so far.  Running EOL is a law of averages...some days you get killed some you do well.  The second day he got massacred: T boone sold 3000 contracts as well as the floor selling on an illiquid day followed by gap down the next day.  P&L for that day was -$7.  the four days in july have been really good, probably +$6-7.  So I look at his P&L for the first half of the year as Jan 1-Jul 6.  That P&L of $15 is around my expectations.  runs low var.  pretty good at running EOL when I'm not there.  A little too reactionary but hopefully more experience will help.  makes most money in market making, probably slighlty negative in greeks and negative in curve shift.  Would like for him to turn both of those positive.  A bit hadicapped because present format doesnt allow him to fully get physical info.  Required to spend all time in front of computer.  needs to develop John Griffith to allow him to get off the desk more.  good contrarian trader.  often has opposite position of floor.  willing to stop out and is nimble.  needs to take more of a macro view of vol rather than ending up with everybody' elses positions.  Vital for me to have him as a bbackup right now.  Cannot function without one of us on the desk. =20
Computer causing problems.  will email with other guys later.
any chance you can go to the game tonight?  i've got the good ones..
interest in diamonds tonight?
anybody want four good tix to tonight's baseball game
[Arnold, John]  jarnold@ 
Panel height:	65"
Panel fabric:	Blue patterns
Panel trim:	Ligh Blue
Surface Lam:	Light Gray Speckle
Pedestals:	Light Blue
Station size:	6' X 6'
Componentry:	Corner surface surfaces, BBF pedestals, overhead bins, lighting
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	16 + stations
Price:		$995.00 per station
Plus delivery & Installation
********* HAWORTH UNIGROUP POWERBASE 
Panel height:	44"
Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (Very Nice!)
Panel trim:	Beige
Surface Lam:	Beige
Pedestals:	Beige
Station size:	5' telemarketing stations
Componentry:	60" X 30" surface with BBF pedestal
Power:		NON
Quantity avail:	10 + stations
Price:		$495.00 per station
Plus delivery & Installation
Photos 
********* ACME WORKSTATIONS 
SPECIAL OFFER 
Panel heights:	53" & 65"
Panel fabric:	Mauve
Panel trim:	Light Gray
Surface Lam:	Medium Gray
Pedestals:	Light Gray
Station size:	6' X 6' / 6' X 7' / 6' X 8'
Componentry:	"L" shaped surfaces, BBF pedestals, shelves, task lighting
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	40+ stations
Price:		$770.00 per station
Plus delivery & Installation
Photos 
********* HON CONCENSYS WORKSTATIONS 
Panel height:	62"
Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (very Nice!)
Panel trim:	Black
Surface Lam:	Maple
Pedestals:	Black
Station size:	6' X 7' in pod of (4) & 6' X 6' in pod of (4)
Componentry:	Corner surface, BBF pedestals, Shelf
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	(8) stations
Price:		$650.00 per station
Plus delivery & Installation
Photos 
+++++++++ LATERAL FILES 
3, 4, & 5 drawer laterals
Widths are 30", 36" & 42"
Colors: light gray Putty
This week's price is at $195.00 - $395.00 per unit Plus delivery
++++++++++ SEATING 
Manufacturer:		Sit-On-it
Fabric color:		Black
Arms:			Lopped (non adjustable)
Pneumatic lift:		Yes
Back Adjustment:	Yes
Condition:		Very good
Quantity available:	65+
Price each:		$65.00 + delivery
Photos 
++++++++ HERMAN MILLER SEATING 
Totally remanufactured Herman Miller
ERGON & EQUA seating
Pneumatic lift, adjustable arms available
In the Fabric of you choice
Pricing depends on quantity
++++++++++ CONFERENCE TABLES 
28' X 5' beautiful conference table
4 sections, 3 drum bases
Price:	$8,500.00 + delivery & set up
Photos 
Also Available
(1) 14' X 4' racetrack laminate mahogany @$550.00 (with matching 6' credenza)
Call us for your workstation, filing and seating needs.
We provide as-is and refurbished workstations by Steelcase,
Herman Miller, Haworth, Knoll and more.
************TRADE SHOW REMINDER 
Managing the Real estate Game
July 26 - 28, 2001
Vancouver, BC Canada
28th Annual NACORE Exposition
Sept. 22 - 25, 2001
Nashville, TN
IFMA`s World Workplace
Sept. 23 -25, 2001
Kansas City, MO
NeoCon New York
October 31 - November 1, 2001
New York City, NY
NeoCon West
November 29-30, 2001
Los Angles, CA
********** USEFUL SITES 
Today's Facility Manager
Association Higher Education Facilities Officers
Business Facilities
Facilities Design
Intl Facility Mgmt Assoc
Facilities Resource Mgmt
FM Datacom
Facilities Exchange
Facilities Pro Resource
Facilities Engineering
International Society of Facilities Executives
Facilities Source
International Development Council
cubicles.com
- a division of -
Office Assets Management, Inc.
38 W. 38th Street, 4th Floor
New York, NY 10018
e-mail: ag@cubicles.com
PH: 212-764-9027 Fax: 212-764-5105
To be removed from these monthly specials e-mailers please send a e-mail
to removeme@cubicles.com with your name, address, company name and the
exact e-mail address this message was sent to. If you desire removal
allow us to extend our sincere apologies for any inconvenience your
receiving this message may have caused.
1.  Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas?
2.  Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired?
Under new rules instituted this year by Commissioner Bud Selig, an umpire can automatically eject a pitcher if he believes he's throwing at a batter. He does not have to issue a warning before an ejection. 
Fletcher did not warn Mann for hitting Gonzalez or Cordova. 
"The umpire said Bartolo threw the ball at his head and that's an automatic ejection," said Manuel. "But the ball missed his head by three feet. It tipped off his bat Colon said he wasn't trying to hit Servais. 
"I will protect my teammates," said Colon, speaking through bullpen coach/interpreter Luis Isaac. "I can hit anyone I want at any time. That's why I feel bad. I wasn't trying to hit him. The ball slipped Fryman defended his pitcher. 
"At no point, do I approve of throwing at someone's head," said Fryman. "But that pitch did not surprise anyone in the ballpark. Bartolo should not have been ejected. There should have been an immediate warning to each bench. 
i took a week and a half off during the same time that Bo Collins of EL Paso left so naturally I am going to El paso.  I'm not going anywhere unfortunately.  I'm in for July 31 if you've got them
It would mean divorce court.  I went last night.  But I have got them for 31 July, if we you would like to schedule in advance.  Thanks for the invite but I will have to pass on this one.  By the way, there are all sorts of rumors about you and where you will be working.
,
Paul
any chance you can go to the game tonight?  i've got the good ones..
David:
Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances?
John,
You might recall we spoke a few weeks ago about a system with more intelligence for out-of-hours trading than just leaving the products on Last Trade is Mid.
Attached is a suggestion for how such a system might work. It builds on Offset to Last Trade functionality.
The simplified description is: It tracks two variables: Intensity(Speed) and Bias (Buy or Sell emphasis).  As Intensity increases, the Spread increases. As Bias increases, the Offset increases.
I'll call later to see what you think of the idea.
Dave
Program Criteria
The formula which defines the trading decision-making program will need to work with several criteria/inputs/definitions. These might be:
Intensity (Speed) - The average time between transaction attempts, regardless of whether they are buys or sells. Measured as a moving average over the last [Intensity Factor] transactions by comparing the timestamp of the transaction Tibco messages for the Product.
Obviously, the lower the Intensity calculation, the higher the transaction flow. Therefore a high Intensity number indicates low transaction flow.
Intensity Factor - The number of transactions to be included in the moving average Intensity calculation. A possible value for this might be [4].
#Buys - The number of Buys which have occurred.
#Sells - The number of Sells which have occured.
Transaction Count - Could be either #Buys or #Sells (whichever last occured Buy Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Buy occurs.
Sell Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Sell occurs.
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR)- The amount by which the Buy Offset should be reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount Sell Offset should be reduced if a Buy occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the ORR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be 1.
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR)- The amount by which #Buys should be reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount #Sells should be reduced if a Buy occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the TRR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be equal to 1.
Spread Minimum - The minimum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this might be [0.04]
Spread Maximum - The maximum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this might be [0.50]
Offset Minimum - The minimum Offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A possible value for this might be [0].
Offset Maximum -The maximum offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A possible value for this might be [0.50]
Initial Offset - The Buy and Sell Offset used when the program is started
Initial Spread - The Spread used when the program is started
Spread-Offset Minimum - The minimum amount by which Spread must exceed Offset. Prevents a possible arbitrage opportunity for the customer. A possible value for this might be [0.01]
Dead Interval - The period of time which must pass before the program will recalculate the above Criteria, if no transactions have taken place during the Dead Interval. A possible value for this might be [240] seconds.
Program Outputs
The program should output the following variables as a result of combining the above Criteria in a user-defined Formula:
Spread (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Offset (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Suspension (boolean) - Whether or not the Product should be suspended. Normally "False"
Program Interface and Operation Principles
The user should be provided with a GUI which will allow them to define a relationship among the above Criteria, which will produce and apply the Outputs to a particular Product. This relationship would be defined with Intensity Formulas and Transaction Formulas. 
Every time a Transaction occurs, or a Dead Interval passes, the Criteria will be recalculated and the user-defined formulas will be reviewed by the program. If a Dead Interval passes without any transactions taking place, then Intensity = Intensity +240 and #Buys=#Buys-TRR and #Sells=#Sells-TRR and Buy Offset = Buy Offset- ORR and Sell Offset = Sell Offset - ORR. 
If the user-defined Formulas (see following) indicate that a change in spread should occur, then if the Offset is zero (in the case of a trade occurring) or if no trade has occured (during the passing of a Dead Interval), the system shall perform a Last Trade is Mid calculation around the last transaction, adjusting the buy and sell prices according to the new Spread value.
Any adjustment to the Spread shall respect the Spread-Offset Minimum. If a reduction in the Spread should violate the Spread-Offset Minimum, then the Buy Offset (or Sell Offset, or both as appropriate) shall be reduced accordingly. Similarly, if the Offset is increased by a Transaction Formula to a level greater than the Spread, the Spread shall be increased to maintain the Spread-Offset Minimum.
GUI/Formulas Example:
Constants
Intensity Factor: [4]
Dead Interval: [240]
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR): [0.3]
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR): [0.3]
Spread Minimum [0.04]
Spread Maximum [0.50]
Offset Minimum [0]
Offset Maximum [0.49]
Spread-Offset Minimum [0.01]
INPUTS		         OUTPUTS
Intensity Formula
Formula #	Intensity			Spread	Offset  Suspension
S1		>220			-0.01	n/a	F
S2		<30			+0.01	n/a	F
S3		<10			+0.02	n/a	F
Transaction Formula
Formula #	# Transactions		Spread	Offset  Suspension
V1		<4			n/a	-0.01	F
V2		>3			n/a	+0.01	F
V3		>5			+0.01	+0.02	F
V4		>10			+0.02	+0.04	F
V5		>15			+0.04	+0.15	F
V6		>20			n/a	n/a	T
Note that #Transactions would be #Buys or #Sells, as appropriate. Note also that #Buys and #Sells are not intended to be an absolute count, but rather are a moving measure of the number of buys or sells which have recently occured.
In this example, all Constants and Formulae are editable by the user through the GUI.
Simulation
Obviously, if we want to proceed, we will want to conduct several simulations to prove concepts and evaluate responsiveness. However, to give some idea of how the above might work when a market starts to run in a particular direction, please see the attached:
Additional Features
System Notifications
There should be two kinds of notifications for the Robotrader, which will be similar to Stack Manager Garbage Checks: Warning and Failure levels for both Offset and Price. The warning levels will trigger a pager message. The Failure levels will trigger a pager message and the product will be automatically suspended. The Price checks will be against prices input by the trader (not relative price movements, but actual price). There should be both maximum and minimum price checks (e.g. gas is trading at $5.50. The notification levels could be $8 at the top end and $2 at the bottom end). Offset checks will only be against a maximum value.
Dave
I have no good thoughts about the market.  everybody wants it to go down to 2.80 so I covered my short at 310-5.  cash very strong at these lower levels with some gen load.  should act to flatten curve as good producer selling in back.  playing range and selling vol.  think aga may surprise lower than expectations 
1-willtakeacloserlookandlet you know
2- helped out-resigned but were led in that direction.
3-what do you think today and through next wednesday?
1.  Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas?
2.  Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired?
had phone problems ...lost my charger.  It was good.  I may be the most influential in the world of finance in the past 50 years
tried to call you a couple times to see how your whirlwind tour of WACC, M&M
and capital structure went.
wc
those certainly were the good ole days 
Do you remember the time when Bo sold us 500 F's before the open?  I was just reminiscing about the good old days 
i really have no idea.  probably lower just becasue of the trend and overwhelming bearish view of the market 
If we are going on a family vacation this year, we need to start planning.
Now it may be that we all have over expended this year, me on the kitchen,
MBA on the house, JDA on the furniture is has bought, is buying or will
but, and we may only be able to go to the Woodlands, Fredericksburg, or
someplace.  Anyway, we need to do some planning or we will be out of luck.
August is looking bad for me.  September?  Love, Your Mom
what happened to you last night?  couldnt get ahold of you on your cell.
flat.  i had  my lowest var in over a year this morning
are u short again opr still flat to long?
If we are going on a family vacation this year, we need to start planning.
Now it may be that we all have over expended this year, me on the kitchen,
MBA on the house, JDA on the furniture is has bought, is buying or will
but, and we may only be able to go to the Woodlands, Fredericksburg, or
someplace.  Anyway, we need to do some planning or we will be out of luck.
August is looking bad for me.  September?  Love, Your Mom
Confidentiality note: This e-mail contains information from the
GFI Group Inc. and/or its affiliates, including GFInet inc.,
that is confidential and/or legally privileged.   This
information is intended only for the use of the individual or
entity named on this e-mail.  This e-mail and its content may
not be reproduced or retransmitted without the express written
permission of The GFI Group.
Kim:
I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business.
that's fine.  the later the better but definitely after 2:30
Margaret Allen would like to set up a meeting with you to discuss the Corp. Marketing Initiative on Wednesday, July 25.  We have an outside agency coming in to do an audit and your opinions are extremely important in the success of this project.  The meeting will last approximately 30 minutes.  If you see where you can be in attendance, please forward me the time of your choice between 9am and 3pm.  We will also be sending you a brief via email that is going to cover topics of the discussion.  Your participation is greatly appreciated.  Thank you
I'm big seller of interventions.  they tend not to work.  if the gas market wants to go lower, enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts is not going to stop the market from going down.  maybe in the short term, but that's it.  same with currencies.  ECB can come out and transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros, but they are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some point.  i think it is more psychological than anything.  i think overall market interventions have been extremely ineffective.
Here is a bio on my Business, Gov't & Int'l Economy prof.  He gave a
presentation on the stuff he did for the European Central Bank the other
day.  He reviewed why historically everyone looks to germany (i.e. Bubba) as
a proxy for determining monetary policy in Europe.  Moreover, he explained
why exchange rates were the focal point in determining monetary policy in
Germany.  With the new ECB, the bank heads are explicitly trying to remove
public focus on exchange rates.  However, this effort may have led to the
belief by the financial community that the ECB does not care about/ will not
defend the euro.  He then stated that this is not true.  So, I'm thinking
that downside is limited.  The performance of the euro has not gone
unnoticed, especially given the critical EU goal of 2% inflation p.a.
ep
Bio:
Huw Pill is an Assistant Professor of Business Administration at the
Graduate School of Business Administration, Harvard University, where he
teaches the first year required MBA course Business, Government and the
International Economy.
Having attended University College, he received an undergraduate degree in
Politics, Philosophy and Economics from the University of Oxford in 1989. He
University in June 1995.
From July 1998 until January 2001, Professor Pill was on leave from Harvard
working at the European Central Bank in Frankfurt, where he was Head of the
Strategic Policy Issues in the Bank's Directorate Monetary Policy. Prior to
his appointment to the Harvard faculty in July 1995, Professor Pill worked
in London as an economist in the Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy Group of
the Bank of England's Economics Division (1990-92). He has also worked at
the International Monetary Fund in Washington, DC (1994, 1995).
Professor Pill's current research has two dimensions. On the one hand, he is
investigating the formulation and conduct of monetary policy in advanced
economies, with a focus on the implementation of the single monetary policy
in the euro area. On the other hand, he is studying the role of financial
liberalization and innovation on macroeconomic fluctuations. The latter
project focuses on the interaction between international capital flows,
exchange rate management, structural economic reforms (especially in the
financial sector) and macroeconomic performance in a variety of countries,
including the United Kingdom, Indonesia and Mexico. The results of this
research have been published in various professional journals and edited
volumes.
remind me of that bet again
what do you think the chance is that you come up with the us open tickets you owe me for my bet?
me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness.  me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into the US the dollar should remain fairly strong.  however, if all the hedge funds are short which i assume they would be, the turnaround will be very quick.
i took macroecon also.  i'm not a proponent of open market interventions.  i
am merely saying that its on the ecb radar screen and that measures will be
taken to remedy a weak euro.  further, everything is psychological, a
signalling effect to move the market up is fine by me.  i think overall YOU
have been extremely ineffective (just kidding, pooks).
I'm big seller of interventions.  they tend not to work.  if the gas
market wants to go lower, enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts
is not going to stop the market from going down.  maybe in the short
term, but that's it.  same with currencies.  ECB can come out and
transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros, but they
are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the
futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some
point.  i think it is more psychological than anything.  i think overall
market interventions have been extremely ineffective.
how about your local bank??
exactly.  i want to change my cash dollars to  euro  - winmail.dat  
selective memory maybe
How easily we forget 
remind me of that bet again
what do you think the chance is that you come up with the us open tickets you owe me for my bet?
if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff
Errol,
Is it possible for me to get a report of option positions broken out by greeks and strike concentration?  Also, I would like to know if it is possible for you to give me the financial desk's average gamma exposure over the last 6 months.  Trying to get "handle" on typical exposures?
Thanks,
Frank
Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work,
do you or any one of your colleagues at the mighty Enron want to join us at
our annual golf outing in Myrtle Beach.  You pay the air, we've got the
rest.
Only 4 rules:
no cologne
no top button buttoned on the golf shirt
not permitted to break 100
no cameras
reminder:
Friday June 1		2 rounds
Saturday, June 2	1 round/poolside
Sunday, June 3		1 round
Enron has an open invite.  Please let me know.	
big plans tonight?
fox-sports-nba-knicks[1].mov
- fox-sports-nba-knicks[1].mov 
with?
leaving right now for beers @ lil woodrows
big plans tonight?
yea...talk to john griffith about getting this info.  if you want to get a sense of my position, stop by monday afternoon.
Can't today have to head out to permitting office, flood and all.
Trying to get "geared" up in light of Gregg's comments, maybe beers would be best, you open?
Frank
if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff
Errol,
Is it possible for me to get a report of option positions broken out by greeks and strike concentration?  Also, I would like to know if it is possible for you to give me the financial desk's average gamma exposure over the last 6 months.  Trying to get "handle" on typical exposures?
Thanks,
Frank
i didnt mean to get so run over
 okay, seriously.  you make good points on the intervention front.  however, i
do believe that the euro has suffered from public neglect from the ecb.  that
said, i'm unsure what form an intervention would take.
money flow. i agree that there has been good money flow into us from Japan,
Japan (through Europe), and Europe.  usd is a good safe haven, because if we
have troubles US should outperform, and the EU is untested.  this is why i am
uninterested in shorting the dollar.
the euro has also suffered from a japanese overhang.  when the euro was first
released, japanese bot up the euro with the expectation that other countries
would convert some of their reserves into the euro.  this has not been the case
and japan has been puking out their position.  however, there is a belief that
the selling is over.  (though, i'm not sure when this played out, or how to
check this story.  haven't found measure for money flow.  oh, bloomberg, how i
miss thee.)
so, i guess i still like it.  but who knows, i'm probably the mullet retail
investor that gets run over.  the currency market is very efficient.
pookums
me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that
 it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness.
 me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into
 the US the dollar should remain fairly strong.  however, if all the
 hedge funds are short which i assume they would be, the turnaround will
 be very quick.