__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Susan:  Fred says to send to Jerry Brunner, PO BX 737, Ignacio, CO  81127
phone is 970-563-0140
Does Suttle have another contact?
FYI - the following list reflects old ECT master and no master counterparties 
by volume (not necessarily exposure).  Sara
Tanya:  do you want all of these names on the legal/credit list?
Jefferson D Sorenson
06/02/2000 09:27 AM
see if this will help
Attached please find a spreadsheet of the top 20 counterparties (by number
of deals) with whom we do not have an ISDA Master Agreement, for the
period Jan-May '00.
Susan:  Please put in file and note changes on our paperwork.  SS
ps  Did the merger trigger anything in the agreement?
=09Sheila Glover
=0906/02/2000 09:15 AM
=09=09=20
Sara,
ECTI has a broker Agreement in place with Furman Selz (as listed on the=20
"Brokerage Agreements" schedule,
We should change name to ING Baring Furman Selz LLC .  Thanks. Sheila
In October 1997, Furman Selz LLC was acquired by ING Group, N.V., a global
financial institution of Dutch origin which is active=20
in the fields of banking, insurance
and asset management.
On July 1, 1998 the U.S. broker dealers of ING Barings=20
and Furman Selz were
merged.
The merger of the two broker dealers allows the=20
U.S.-based securities businesses
of ING Barings and Furman Selz to operate the trading,=20
research, sales, corporate
finance and prime brokerage businesses as one entity.=20
The combined company
operates under the legal name ING Baring Furman Selz=20
LLC and is part of the
global ING Barings organization.
ING Group is the largest financial services group in=20
the Netherlands and the third
largest financial institution in Europe. ING Group has=20
total assets of US$440
billion, shareholder equity of US$30 billion, and=20
81,000 employees in 60
countries. ING Group has credit ratings of Aa2 from=20
Moody=01,s Investor Services
and AA- from Standard & Poor=01,s.
ING Group acquired Furman Selz in order to increase=20
further the U.S. equity
market presence of ING Barings, the international=20
corporate and investment
banking division of ING Group.
ING Barings is one of the world=01,s major corporate and=20
investment banking
operations, with an extensive international network=20
and memberships in over 60
stock, futures and commodities exchanges around the=20
world. Its head office is in
London and its principal regional offices in New York=20
and Hong Kong. Today,
ING Barings has over 9,000 staff around the world with=20
offices in over 50
countries: of these, 25 are in the emerging markets of=20
Africa, Asia, Eastern
Europe, India and Latin America.
The websites of ING Barings and Furman Selz are=20
currently being revised to
reflect the acquisition and subsequent merger.
Until these changes are made, please continue to use=20
this website to learn about
our current financial services in the U.S.. To learn=20
more about the international
corporate and investment banking activities of ING=20
Barings, please go to
www.ingbarings.com.
The Total Prime Brokerage Solution / Basic &=20
Value-Add
Melissa:  Brant Reves has just confirmed for me that financial power deals in 
the name of Aquila will change to Utilicorp United Inc. when the ISDA Master 
is signed (any day now).  Of course, the confirm will be an ISDA confirm, as 
well.   SS
Susan:  you need to log this in.  I'm leaving early today.  SS
John Suttle
06/02/2000 10:45 AM
Team,
I have had a few conversations over the past couple of days with Terry 
Brownrigg at Twister Gas Services, LLC and Todd Tharp with Sanguine, Ltd We transacted with Twister last week and I had sent you a credit worksheet 
for the transaction.  Twister is a broker who transacts on behalf of small 
E&P companies, and in this case, the E&P agreed to post the L/C we quoted for 
the transaction.  After talking to Sara, it sounds like we are going to go 
ahead and send a confirmation to Twister for the deal and attach to the 
confirmation an assignment of the deal from Twister to Sanguine.  It is my 
understanding that both Terry and Todd will need to sign both the 
confirmation and the assignment, so I think we will need to carefully 
coordinate the steps through the Confirmation Desk (Sheetal Patel).
I have attached a worksheet for the transaction (Sanguine agreed to post 
$500K).  Please coordinate with Sara, Sheetal and me in getting this out.
The contact information at Sanguine is:
Todd Tharp
Manager of Gas Contracts
Sanguine, Ltd.
1861 East 71st Street South
Tulsa, Ok 74136
Thanks,
John
"Akhtar, Kasar (GED Legal-NY)"  	06/02/2000 01:43 PM
Gary Rosenblum suggested I forward our standard draft with respect to the
ISDA Agreement to be negotiated between our respective institutions. Please
note the draft is subject to revision by our corporate credit department. If
I can be of any further assistance please do not hesitate to contact me.
Kasar Akhtar
Telephone: 212 449 7482
Facsimile:  212 449 2615
e-mail:    kakhtar@exchange.ml.com
- mli_Enron_North_America_Corp.doc
This evening, ECT faxed comments to counterparty's proposed ISDA to both John 
Joel and Douglas Marshall.  We also resent the Credit Support Annex because 
counterparty never commented on ours and failed to include one.  John Joel 
called me this morning to determine when the lawyers could speak.  I told him 
to schedule a conference call because ECT was ready and was faxing comments 
today.  I haven't heard from him.  SS 
Melba Lozano
07/09/99 09:04 AM
In the interest of time, I have revised our draft ISDA Schedule to conform in 
most material respects to the 1994 (effective 1992) agreement executed 
between ERMS and Merrill Lynch Capital Services, Inc. ("Old ISDA").  This was 
done to accommadate the Merrill lawyer, Gary Rosenblum (who didn't want to 
read our Schedule!).  The Old ISDA is not identical to the format used by 
Merrill Lynch International today so I'm not sure how hard they will press 
for other changes.  There are two potential credit issues that I see:  (1 agreement as to the Enron Corp. guaranty cap (and possible Merrill Lynch 
guaranty cap) and (2) our introduction of a MAC provision in the form of an 
Additional Event of Default (necessary because the Old ISDA had a Credit 
Support Annex and this one does not).  I left a voice mail for Gary Rosenblum 
and asked that he let me know when he was available on Monday to talk AND to 
have his credit person contact Rod Nelson.  Sara
P.S.  I haven't heard from Morgan Guaranty Trust Company or Morgan Stanley 
Capital Services, Inc.
Kaye:  Please print this message and documents.  SS
mukunah@winstim.com
06/03/2000 06:01 PM
Attached please find revised drafts of the ISDA confirmations consisting of:
1. Swap 1 - U.S. Dollar to Sterling Swap between UBS and Trust
2. Swap 2 - Company Contingent U.S. Dollar to Sterling Swap with UBS
3. Swap 3 - Sterling to U.S. Dollar Swap between UBS and Enron
3. Option 1 - Call Option between UBS and Trust
4. Option 2 - Company Call Option with UBS
Each of the documents is marked to show changes made from the initial drafts
distributed previously. UBS Warburg has not reviewed the attached drafts; 
hence
they remain subject to additional comments.
,
Hazel Mukuna
(See attached file: Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)    (See attached file: Swap 1 
-
UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 2 - Enron and UBS.doc)    (See attached file: Swap 2 
-
Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Swap 3 - UBS and Enron.doc)    (See attached file: Swap 3 
-
UBS and Enron.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc)  (See attached file: Option 
1
- UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc)
(See attached file: Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc)  (See attached file: Option 
2
- Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc)
______________________________________
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the
use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from
disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
message,or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received
this message in error, please notify the original sender (or the WSPR
Help Desk) immediately by telephone (212-858-1000) or by return
E-mail and delete the message, along with any attachments, from
your computer.  Thank you.
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Swap 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron and UBS.doc
- Swap 2 - Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc
- Swap 3 - UBS and Enron.doc
- Swap 3 -  UBS and Enron.REDLINE.doc
- Option 1 - UBS and Trust.doc
- Option 1 - UBS and Trust.REDLINE.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.doc
- Option 2 - Enron and UBS.REDLINE.doc
Tracy Ngo, Melissa Murphy, Kim Theriot, me 
to discuss financial power trading counterparties.
Please ask Tracy if Ed Sacks or anyone else from credit should be included.
Carol:  Here's my "short" list of issues for Mark:
(1)  Swap Group Meeting on Wednesday, June 7:
(a) reiterate "rules" (e.g., office hours, taking personal/vacation time and 
advising the rest of the group, how rotation of masters/confirms/C.A. works 
and   what happens when someone is ill/vacation, timeliness of deemed 
ISDA's/omnibus confirms, confirmation desk, etc.)
(b)paralegal workload
(2)  Confirmations and need to create a "writing"
multiple confirms with the same counterparty 
confirms with extremely short terms (hourly, under 5 days) - no confirm?
use of confirms with negative language
(3)  Hiring a clerk to assist paralegals to run errands
(4)  Policy regarding INDIVIDUALS as eligible swap participants
(5)  Method for shortening weather confirms
(6)  Mary and Brent - possible work assignments
Yes, please.
Kaye Ellis
06/05/2000 10:34 AM
Sara - Kim is on vacation this week.  Tracy, Ed and Melissa are available at 
9 am tomorrow.  Do you want to meet without Kim? - Kaye
Sara Shackleton
06/05/2000 09:04 AM
Tracy Ngo, Melissa Murphy, Kim Theriot, me 
to discuss financial power trading counterparties.
Please ask Tracy if Ed Sacks or anyone else from credit should be included.
Lisa:  per your voice mail, I am sending the ballot to your office for 
review.  Thanks.  Sara
Do I have to think?  Well, I say let's do it.  We'll have to monitor and if 
he is ever ineligible, we can cancel the agreement.  Of course, we can always 
decide to not transact.  SS
Russell Diamond
06/05/2000 11:34 AM
Tag- your it, 
I let John Arnold know of our trading terms.  I also spoke to Bill Perkins at 
Small Ventures, he is willing to post a $1MM L/C, he also wants to go ahead 
and put an ISDA in place.  What are your thoughts on this?
Russell
The saga continues
Melissa Ann Murphy
06/05/2000 12:48 PM
FYI
Carol St Clair has confirmed for me that the GTC does not contemplate a 
'Correction for Prices'. John Suarez states that corrected prices must be 
'flagged' by the ISO with 75 minutes of publication and must be changed 
within 5 days. Since the GTC doesn't contemplate the issue and the mechanism 
is different from ISDA,  I have added some suggested language to the Index, 
as we should contemplate this issue in the Long Description.
My apologies for not having the attachment included in my last e-mail.
Dale
The East Power traders would like to commence transacting on financial swaps. 
We had anticipated this, so the Product Type was already built and has been 
approved. The Index and Loadshape built with this Product were done so based 
on comments from John Suarez (the trader), who has approved the attached.
Leslie - please offer commets/suggestions from the power perspective.
Mark - final approval will need to come from you since this is a financial 
product.
Also, trading wants us to consider price changes for the Product because the 
prices published do change from time to time. I know that the ISDA 
Definitions contemplate a 30-day true-up, but I can't find a like provision 
in the GTC. So - I took a hack at some language to contemplate the issue:
"If the price published (as set forth herein) on any day during a 
Determination Period is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
announced within 30 calendar days of the original publication date, the 
parties agree that the corrected price shall take affect as if it were the 
price published on the original publication date and the Floating Price will 
be adjusted accordingly. Payments of the adjusted Floating Amount will take 
place 5 business days following notification by either party of a change to a 
published price."
Dale
3-9746
FYI - Leslie drafted language (based on ISDA) some time ago.  I just want to 
be consistent.  I left Leslie a vm. SS
Melissa Ann Murphy
06/05/2000 12:48 PM
FYI
Carol St Clair has confirmed for me that the GTC does not contemplate a 
'Correction for Prices'. John Suarez states that corrected prices must be 
'flagged' by the ISO with 75 minutes of publication and must be changed 
within 5 days. Since the GTC doesn't contemplate the issue and the mechanism 
is different from ISDA,  I have added some suggested language to the Index, 
as we should contemplate this issue in the Long Description.
My apologies for not having the attachment included in my last e-mail.
Dale
The East Power traders would like to commence transacting on financial swaps. 
We had anticipated this, so the Product Type was already built and has been 
approved. The Index and Loadshape built with this Product were done so based 
on comments from John Suarez (the trader), who has approved the attached.
Leslie - please offer commets/suggestions from the power perspective.
Mark - final approval will need to come from you since this is a financial 
product.
Also, trading wants us to consider price changes for the Product because the 
prices published do change from time to time. I know that the ISDA 
Definitions contemplate a 30-day true-up, but I can't find a like provision 
in the GTC. So - I took a hack at some language to contemplate the issue:
"If the price published (as set forth herein) on any day during a 
Determination Period is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
announced within 30 calendar days of the original publication date, the 
parties agree that the corrected price shall take affect as if it were the 
price published on the original publication date and the Floating Price will 
be adjusted accordingly. Payments of the adjusted Floating Amount will take 
place 5 business days following notification by either party of a change to a 
published price."
Dale
3-9746
Melissa:  I've revised your list slightly for my purposes.  Can you take a 
quick look?  We can refine the format tomorrow.  Thanks.  Sara
p.s.  It sure looks like a lot of people have their hands on the "power 
correction language".  I'm meeting with Tom May this afternoon.
Brent, Andrea and I had a "status" conversation this afternoon.  Brent will 
go to Sao Paulo on July 20 to meet with Andrea, Randy and commercial people Andrea has requested that you and I go to Brazil after July 28 when the 
outside lawyer is back from vacation.  In general, the three of us are 
conforming and updating physical resolutions (final and proposed) and 
identifying additional research necessary to address the financial trading 
issues.  These are related to specific deals originating in Brazil (which are 
truly settled financially, e.g., a purported prepay where no physical 
commodity was to be delivered) and issues arising here in Houston (e.g., the 
Hickerson request for fixed income, FX and equity trading).  Brent will be 
discussing pending transaction structures while in Sao Paulo. 
It appears  that Brent is the "point person" for dealing directly with the 
Sao Paulo office and he will bring me in as necessary (although I will be 
dealing frequently with Andrea 
Taffy:  Are we on Mark's schedule today?  Thanks.  Sara
Carol St Clair
06/05/2000 09:41 AM
Taffy:
Sara and i need about thirty minutes with Mark.  Can you set something up for 
either tomorrow or before our group meeting on Wednesday?  Today is bad for 
me.  Thanks.
Carol
I spoke with the Lehman lawyer who will call me back this evening with 
comments Rod:  Daniel Goldhagen is their credit officer.
FYI - let's chat and decide where to go from here.  Sara
"Stephanie Mester"  	06/06/2000 09:22 AM
Per your request, please see the attached.
(See attached file: ENA Memo.doc)
- ENA Memo.doc
Edmund:  I gather from Paul Radous that these are both ECTRIC ISDA masters 
and transactions.  I have a November 11,1999 South African derivatives 
questionnaire (from Webber Wentzel Bowens).  Would you like to have a copy Sara
Carol St Clair
06/06/2000 09:00 AM
Sara:
What do you think?
Carol
Deepak Sitlani
06/06/2000 08:22 AM
Carol
Further to my voice-mail message, please see below.  Can you please let me 
know whether you are happy for us (in London) to carry out the ISDA 
negotiations with respect to Anglo American Corporation?
Please feel free to contact me with any questions you may have.
Many thanks
Deepak
Edmund Cooper
06/06/2000 14:09
Add the first one to the ISDA status list.
For the S. Africa entity ENA legal needs to be informed of this as they 
usually deal with S. Africa. Suggest you contact Carol St. Clair as to 
whether she is happy for us to run with this if we are just going to be doing 
deals from Europe.
Thanks, Edmund
Deepak Sitlani
06/06/2000 02:04 PM
FYI
Martin Holmes
06/06/2000 14:00
Paul
We would like to begin to establish ISDA agreements with the following 
entities:
Anglo American plc (www.angloamerican.co.uk) based in London and
Anglo American Corporation of South Africa Limited.
The annual financial statement  of Anglo American plc can be taken from the 
website above. I have asked the folks at Anglo American in Johannesburg, 
South Africa for the financials for the Anglo American Corporation.
Can you take a look at this for me please?
Thanks
Martin
John:  What's happening here?  Sara
Jennifer Fraser
06/06/2000 11:02 AM
Sara;
Dave's # is 403-262-6400
David Buker  How are we coming with the ISDA agreement for MP with parental guarantee from 
Heritage?
Also, does MP need to invoice ENA for May SWAP transactions or do you issue a 
credit invoice and wire
transfer payment to MP? (Deal #s NA 1279.1 and 1279.2).
,
Dave
- att1.htm
Brant:  Is this really high priority (for our legal/credit discussions)?  We 
haven't heard from these guys since April 13.  Sara
Rod:  What's going on with this dudes?  They just sent me a huge agreement 
relating to their arrangement with the International Finance Corp. and 
hedging agreements.  Sara
For ALL options for this party, we need to revise the opening sentence to 
read:
"... the terms and conditions of the Transaction ... on the Trade Date 
specified below (the "Transaction") which is an option offered by Small 
Ventures USA, LLC to ENA, and accepted by ENA, pursuant to a telephone 
conversation between the parties."
I believe this to be true.  I spoke with the Utilicorp lawyer when I 
documented the "Australian" weather trade and discussed transfer of the 
weather deal to the new master. We should talk to our Aquila trader.
Tanya Rohauer
06/06/2000 06:50 PM
Do we know if this is where they plan to trade weather derivatives now 
(instead of Aquila Risk)?
We have received the following executed Master Agreement:
Type of Contract:  ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border)
Effective Date:   May 3, 2000
Counterparty:   UtiliCorp United Inc.
Transactions Covered:  Approved for all products with the exception of: Pulp 
& Paper
Foreign Exchange 
Stewart:  I'll have to review their master to be certain (and insure that 
there is no specific prohibition against weather transactions).  In general, 
there is nothing else required specifically, although we may have to add some 
language to the weather confirmations themselves.  Sara
Stewart Rosman
06/06/2000 05:26 PM
Sara -
Does Merced need to do anything to enter into financial weather transactions 
(remember that they have a ISDA and have done numerous power swaps for the 
past year)?
Thanks 
Stewart
I'm swamped.  SS
Shari Stack
07/14/99 12:24 PM
Sara: 
Would you mind to handle this one?  It appears that ETOL is the entity 
involved in the Watershed deal you worked on back in December.
I have been sent a copy of a proposed  ECT-ETOL ISDA Schedule and it is very 
specialized and unlike (despite what Mark Evans wrote) the Riverside 6 
transaction I am working on.   Maybe it is the Schedule used in the Watershed 
deal?? Anyway, I will bring it to you. 
Many thanks, 
Shari
Mark Evans
07/13/99 07:19 PM
Shari,
this has been sent to you because of the similarities with the Teesside 
Riverside 6 swap which you are dealing with. Perhaps you or Mark could let us 
know whether you or someone else will be taking this forward.
The deal is that Enron is providing swap support to the deal which is an 
Enron structured financing to get ETOL off balance sheet. ETOL (Enron 
Teesside Operations Limited) owns the power station at Wilton which we bought 
from ICI at the end of December 1998.
The main factor to bear in mind is that (as in Riverside 6) the swap has to 
be seen in the context of the deal  as a whole and thus there may be 
non-standard provisions in the documentation  which  are deal specific and 
which Enron has to accept in the context of the deal.
Let's speak about this as soon as we know that you will be the person to take 
this forward.
Thanks
Mark
Robina Barker-Bennett
13/07/99 18:33
Shari
ETOL is Enron Teesside Operations Holdings Limited, a company we bought in 
December last year.   We are currently arranging the sale of subordinated 
debt and equity in this company to a group of US institutional investors Since the underlying cash flows are sterling but the investors want US$, we 
have entered into a currency swap with Trena and Harry.   The ISDA that 
Jurgen has sent to you has been drafted by Milbank Tweed, counsel to the 
Investors.  Mark Evans is the Enron legal person on the transaction, and our 
outside counsel are Slaughter & May.
The underlying transaction is, I believe, similar to the Teesside deal, in 
that it is subordinated to the investors investment.   The underlying swap is 
for 10 years, but in certain circumstances, largely relating to default by 
ETOL, the swap might be accelerated.
My understanding from Slaughters is that the ISDA is standard for the first 
10 pages and thereafter is specific to the current transaction.
I would suggest that if you feed your comments back via either Mark or 
myself.  My number is +44 171 970 7438.
If you have any further questions, please call.
, Robina
Shari Stack
13/07/99 18:19
Dear Robina- 
I have received the belowmentioned document from Jurgen.  Can you pls explain 
what or who ETOL is? Do you know who drafted this ISDA Schedule? ECT 
(Houston) Legal? ECTRI (London) Legal? Who am I supposed to neogiate with at 
ETOL? 
What are the underlying transactions that this document governs?
I am the attorney working on the Teesside ISDA and it does not resemble this. 
Any information you can give would be appreciated.
Many thanks, 
Shari Stack 
Jurgen Hess
07/08/99 06:26 AM
Shari, 
Robina Barker-Bennett from our London treasury group asked me to forward to 
you an ISDA Master agreement from ETOL Trust.  I am going to send you this 
document by air mail.
It seems you have recieved already similair agreements from us. Robina 
mentioned the Teeside ISDA in this context.
Please give either Robina or me a call if you have questions.Thanks
Jurgen.
P.S.: I talked to Gunnar from SEB lately about the ISDA and they really seem 
to be very slow in their legal department. Thanks for your up-dates.
Please see attached.  Also, I need to speak with you about brokerage business 
- it's exceeding swap/derivative work.  Sara
Foiled again 
Yao Apasu@_DEVELOPMENT
06/06/2000 07:36 PM
It is not looking good o  o  o  o  oh. How are you?
Yao
You'd better be back in town!  Sara
Yao Apasu@_DEVELOPMENT
05/30/2000 03:25 PM
I can't wait. I hope to be back in town by then. See you all soon.
Yao
You are Cordially Invited To Attend A Party Celebrating The Privilege You 
Had  Of Working With Marie Heard At ENA
Date:  June 9, 2000
Dress: Casual
Time:  6:00 P.M. Until 8:00 P.M.
Location:  3915 Coleridge (West University)
Houston, Texas
(713) 664-3207)
(Driving Instructions Will Be Available)
Please RSVP To Suzanne Adams @ 713-853-7340
By June 4, 2000
You're always sending me stuff
Yao Apasu@_DEVELOPMENT
06/06/2000 07:45 PM
Have fun at the party.
Yao
Subject: Find Nine People
Date: Thu, 25 May 2000 14:33:37 -0500