Patricia 
 Cruse
Thanks for hosting, Kim.  Jackie mentioned the list of tasks that remain to 
get this done (e.g., graphs, make spreadsheet pretty, write-up, etc.).  I'lll 
do whatever needs to be done, so once folks have picked which task they'd 
like to take on, just let me know what's left.  Or if there's another way 
folks would like to divvy up the chores, that's great, too.  Have a great 
weekend.  See you Monday.
Jackie, could you email the latest version around when you get a chance Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
I'm oozing with free time.  Monday sounds great.  Thanks.
Jacqueline Kelly  	11/17/2000 01:12 PM
Unless you guys will have a lot of free time this weekend, I propose we
divvy on Monday at the break.
-Jackie
Thanks for hosting, Kim.  Jackie mentioned the list of tasks that remain to
get this done (e.g., graphs, make spreadsheet pretty, write-up, etc I'lll do whatever needs to be done, so once folks have picked which task
they'd like to take on, just let me know what's left.  Or if there's
another way folks would like to divvy up the chores, that's great, too.
Have a great weekend.  See you Monday.
Jackie, could you email the latest version around when you get a chance?
Thanks.
Best,
Jeff
Sure Sue has filled you in, but just to be certain, my understanding is that 
Dan Douglas, attorney for WPTF, is going to meet with the AG (not sure when) 
in an attempt to narrow the scope of the subpoena.  Dan also plans to begin 
drafting responses to the subpeona.  Since we are a member of WPTF and 
therefore presumably covered by the subpoena, seems important that our 
attorney's coordinate with Dan.  Sue, if I've mangled anything, let me know.
Best,
Jeff
Congratulations.  Even though it's the EEI agreement, getting Edison to agree 
to sign something is an achievement.  Good luck landing deals.
Jeff
Mary Hain@ECT
11/17/2000 01:51 PM
FYI.  This is just a master under which we can do individual agreements.
Rhonda L Denton
11/17/2000 08:13 AM
We have received the executed Master Power Purchase and Sale Agreement dated 
11/14/2000 from the referenced CP.  Copies will be given to Legal and Credit.
THIS IS AN EDISON ELECTRIC INSTITUTE (EEI) AGREEMENT.
Guess this means we support it? (Kidding.)
Roger Yang@EES
11/17/2000 01:53 PM
Attached is a summary of SCE's filing to End the Rate Freeze with analysis 
and some recent statistical data.  I am also forwarding SCE's filing.  In 
short SCE's proposal would:
End the Rate Freeze and implement rates on January 1, 2001, without due 
process;
Guarantee SCE 100% CTC recovery;
Provide SCE shareholders with additional windfalls;
Use stranded benefits to subsidize SCE's Standard Offer Service; and
Entrench SCE in the default service provider role and thwart future 
competition.
Roger
JMB  Well PG&E may not have filed its rate stabilization plan, but SCE  did.
Here it is.
Attached is Southern California Edison Company's Rate Stabilization Plan
Application, A.00-11-038.  This application was filed with the California
Public Utilities Commission today and a copy has been sent, via US Mail, to
the service lists for A.00-01-009 (PTRD) and A.99-01-034 (PTR).
 The file is an Adobe PDF file, which can be read with the Adobe Acrobat
 Reader.? If you do not have the Adobe Acrobat Reader, it can be obtained
 from the following website at no charge: