Please arrange for the promotion for Sara Shackleton from Sr. Counsel to 
Asst. General Counsel effective March 1, 2001.
Mcintyrk@sullcrom.com
02/19/2001 11:09 PM
I have attached a new draft version of the Enron Services Agreement which 
incorporates the changes discussed on our call and those distributed by 
Carlos. I have also attached a blacklined version to show the changes made 
form the previously distributed version.
If you have any questions or comments please call me at (212) 558-3491. David 
will be out of the office tomorrow but we can conference him in if we need to 
discuss any further revisions.
,
Kieran
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- Enron - Services Agreement.doc
- #272860 vRED - Enron - Services Agreement.doc
This was the last e-mail from Leslie on the topic.  We talked afterwards and 
I thought she was going to talk to Andy about this but never heard back.
Leslie Hansen
12/12/2000 03:26 PM
As per my voice mail and Mark's e-mail, Mark would prefer to eliminate 
NetWorks from the review process.  Do you think Andy will object to 
eliminating NetWork's from the process?  Instead, he prefers to instruct all 
traders to flow all necessary documentation through Mark Greenberg or myself 
to ensure consistent legal review.  I have revised the policy accordingly.
Please review and let me know what you think.
Leslie
Vikas 
Thanks for your note.  Enron does have a policy that somewhat restricts the 
trading that may be done by employees - even when they are not involved in a 
trading function.  No Enron employee is permitted to trade any commodity for 
their own account (or for the account of another) which Enron trades.  The 
only general exceptions to this are for equity and debt securities - and 
there are special restrictions on persons who trade those items for Enron This policy is modified from time to time by the Enron Corp. Board of 
Directors and is monitored by the Risk Assessment and Control Group.  I 
believe Cassandra Schultz currently has that responsibility.  I am sending 
her a copy of this e-mail (so in case I have misrepresented the policy in 
some way, Cassandra please correct me) and if you need any further 
information, please contact her.
Mark
Vikas Dwivedi@
02/20/2001 04:08 PM
Mark,
I am interested in opening a personal commodity trading account.  I'm not 
involved in a trading function here at Enron.  My manager Jennifer Fraser 
suggested I write you to find out what steps I need to take to ensure 
compliance before I open the account.
Your guidance on the subject is appreciated.
Thanks, Vikas
Gentlemen:
Several points regarding the below:
We worked for the first half of 1999 to try and negotiate a master agreement 
with TDCC but failed due to an inability to agree on credit terms (i.e. TDCC 
wouldn't sign a master with ANY credit terms in it at all).  Rod Nelson was 
the Credit Dept. person responsible for this counterparty at that time.
If we want to start down this road again, the first step is to contact 
someone in Credit and have them generate the necessary credit terms for  a 
master agreement.  Unless the commercial folks have already, I'll ask someone 
in my group to get that process started.
The e-mail from Dow indicates:
"TDCC has never accepted and cannot accept the Terms and Conditions included 
in the
confirmations sent by Enron."
All credit concerns aside, if Dow is not signing and returning our 
confirmations, then based on this statement our derivatives trading with them 
should stop immediately on legal grounds.
The e-mail as forwarded to me did not contain the attachment.  Does someone 
here have it?
Let's hope it works out better this time.
Mark
John Viverito@
02/20/2001 01:55 PM
Mark-
Please see the correspondence below regarding Dow Chemical' s desire to enter 
into an ISDA with us 
Let us know who will be leading the charge from legal.
Thanks,
John
John Viverito
Phone (713) 345-7814
Fax       (713) 646-3490
e-mail John.Viverito@
Alan Engberg@ECT
02/20/2001 12:41 PM
John/Mike, can someone contact Luis Antuna (name and number below) to discuss 
putting together an ISDA between Dow Chemical Co. and EGM.
Thanks,
Alan
Thanks Luis,
I really appreciate your initiative to document that we have never accepted
and cannot accept their Terms and Conditions.  We are reversing the flow and
will leverage an ISDA Agreement that works for us and for them.
Thanks,
Mike
Ted Bockius  	08/10/2000 06:10 PM
- kick~1.mpe
All four look fine to me.
=09Janette Elbertson
=0902/21/2001 02:04 PM
=09=09=20
This is the first of four e-mails I am forwarding for your review.  Mark=20
Haedicke said you should review them before they go out.
Janette Elbertson
=09Mark E Haedicke
=09Sent by: Janette Elbertson
=0902/21/2001 11:02 AM
=09=09=20
As you know, Enron Wholesale Services (=01&EWS=018) maintains official Policies=20
and Procedures Regarding Confidential Information and Securities Trading=20
(=01&Policies and Procedures=018), which have been revised as of November 15, 2000=20
to reflect the new EWS structure.  Many EWS employees are being required to=20
become familiar with, and certify compliance with, the Policies and=20
Procedures. =20
Additionally, the EWS legal department is conducting one-hour classroom=20
training sessions for certain personnel whose job functions are critical to=20
the Policies and Procedures.   By virtue of your role in the financial=20
trading group, your participation in such training is important to the=20
success of the Policies and Procedures.
Therefore, please register for one of the four one-hour sessions listed=20
below.  Each session is tailored to a particular commercial group, and it=20
would be preferable if you could attend the session for your group (your=20
particular group is the one highlighted in bold on the list below).  However,=20
if you are unable to attend the session for your group, it is preferable that=20
you attend another session rather than no session at all.
Monday, March 5, 2001, 10:00 a.m. =01) Resource Group
Monday, March 5, 2001, 11:00 a.m. =01) Origination/Business Development
Monday, March 5, 2001, 3:30 p.m. =01) Financial Trading Group
Monday, March 5, 2001, 4:30 p.m.  =01) Heads of Trading Desks
Each session will be held at the downtown Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sandalwood=20
Rooms A & B.  Please confirm your attendance at one of these sessions with=20
Brenda Whitehead by e-mailing her at brenda.whitehead@ or calling=20
her at extension 3-5438.
Make-up video presentations will be scheduled at a later date for those of=20
you who have irreconcilable scheduling conflicts.   Because of the=20
interactive nature of the training, it is important that you attend one of=20
the March 5 sessions if at all possible.
FYI
Scott Marra  	02/21/2001 11:19 AM
On behalf of Stacy Carey, please refer to the attached.
Scott Marra
Administrator for Policy & Media Relations
ISDA
600 Fifth Avenue
Rockefeller Center - 27th floor
New York, NY 10020
Phone: (212) 332-2578
Fax: (212) 332-1212
Email: smarra@isda.org
- ISDAHR333.pdf
Stacy Carey  	02/21/2001 10:36 AM
Meetings have been held this week on bankruptcy reform with the CFTC and the
Treasury Department. FDIC also hosted a technical meeting this morning with
the FED, SEC, Treasury and CFTC.  Seth Grosshandler, Josh Cohn and Geoff
Goldman attended on behalf of the Bond Market Association and ISDA.
Various modifications have been made to our package as a result of these
meetings in an attempt to facilitate an amendment package the administration
will be able to support and send to the Capitol Hill for inclusion into the
overall bill.  These modifications are reflected in a revised Summary
Document page that will be faxed to you this morning.
Stacy Carey
Director North American Regulatory Policy
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(202) 457-6545 ph
(703) 256-1833 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
FYI
Paul Simons
06/28/99 01:14 PM
I have been through the advice received from Swedish counsel. The position of 
CDs under Swedish law can be summarised as follows.
1.  Regulation
CDs are regulated in Sweden in the same way as commodity derivatives. As 
discussed we are currently working through these issues as they relate to 
commodity derivatives with local counsel and I will be pressing them to take 
a less cautious approach than they have taken to date (particularly in light 
of our expanding presence in Sweden). As you know, our target is to avoid 
Swedish licencing requirements and the accompanying regulatory capital 
requirements. In the meantime, this uncertainty will not prevent us from 
dealing in Norway with Swedish parties based in Norway.
2.  Insurance
CDs are not analysed as contracts of insurance under Swedish law.
3.  Guarantees
CDs are not analysed as contracts of guarantee under Swedish law.
4.  Gaming
CDs are not analysed as gaming contracts under Swedish law and (unusually) we 
do not even need to go so far as to satisfy ourselves that the contract is 
being entered into by the counterparty for a valid commercial purpose (i e 
hedging).  However, it should be noted that several types of entity may not 
enter derivatives at all for speculative purposes (e g municipalities, 
insurance companies).
5.  Confidentiality
This could be an issue for Enron even where we are selling the CD, where we 
have good reason to believe there is breach of the purchaser's duty of 
confidentiality owed to the reference credit (i e where we are not in good 
faith). The position would of course be potentially more problematical where 
we are purchasing the CD.  That said, it would be difficult in either case 
for the reference credit to establish loss (e g  damage to reputation), so it 
would be hard for them to launch a claim.  Our exposure could be restricted 
further by passing on no more information about underlying reference 
contracts than is absolutely necesssary.   I am pusuing this further with 
Clifford Chance, in particular to find out what the practice is in the London 
and New York credit derivative markets where the issue of confidentaility 
arises and I will revert to you when I have more information. Perhaps 
Merrills could shed some light on this?
6.  Subrogation & Assignment
Since CDs are not guarantees there is no right of subrogation.  It is 
possible to take an assignment of the counterparty's rights against the 
reference credit, but this will not work so as to allow Enron a right of set 
off against the reference credit where Enron is aware of the reference 
credit's insolvency at the time of the assignment (a reasonable bet) or where 
the latter becomes bankrupt within three months of the assignment.  In 
effect, this will make it very difficult indeed to extract any value at all 
(including by way of set off) from the reference credit.
Please feel free to call me on x 6566 to discuss this and to pass this note 
on to other interested staff.
Paul
I think the "Wes" we were looking for the other day may be Wes Colwell who I 
think may be in charge of accounting for ENA.  If not, maybe somebody on this 
list will know something about FAS133.
Rick Causey@
Sent by: Enron Announcements@
02/21/2001 02:02 AM
Please join me and the Global Accounting leadership team in congratulating 
the following individuals on their promotions to:
To Managing Director
Sally Beck (EWN) 
Fernley Dyson (EEL)
To Vice President
Beth Apollo (ENW  Janine Juggins (EEL Tax)
Phillip Lord (EBS  Laura Scott (ENA)
Chris Sherman (ENA)
Wade Stubblefield (EES)
To Senior Director
Buddy Aiken (EEL)
Jim Coffey (ENA)
Donette Dewar (Intl. Tax)
Patricia Dunn (NEPCO)
Mark Frank (ENA)
William Gehle (EECC)
Joseph Grajewski (EECC)
Jan Johnson (Corp)
Scott Mills (ENW)
James New (EEL)
Mary L. Ruffer (ENA)
Richard Sage (EEL) 
Elaine Schield (Corp)
Kevin Sweeney (ENW)
Beth Wapner (EBS Tax)
Director
Thresa Allen (ENW)
Ron Baker (Corp)
Misty Barrett (EES)
Jeff Blumenthal (EWS)
Trey Cash (Corp Tax)
Karen Choyce (Corp)
Cheryl Dawes (ENA)
Lanette Earnest (EWS Tax)
Jeffrey Gossett (ENW)
Robert Guthrie (ETS Tax)
Susan Helton (ENA)
Ralph Jaeger (EEL)
Andrea Kerch (EEL) 
Faith Killen (ENA)
Johnna Kokenge (Corp)
Matt Landy (EEL)
Andy Lawrence (ISC) 
Connie Lee (EBS)
Caroline Lothian (EEL)
Meg Malone (Corp Tax)
Gary Peng (Corp)
Stephen Schwarzbach (Corp)
Sally Seelig (EES Tax)
Don Shackley (EES/London Tax)
Patricia Shannon (Corp)
Eddie Sikes (Intl. Tax)
Jeffrey Smith ( EGM) 
Ron Smith (GSS)
Kim Theriot (ENW)
Hope Vargas (ENA)
Tina Ward (EEL)
Stephen Whitaker (EEL) 
Stacey White (ENW)
Rob Wilcott (Corp)
To Manager
Christopher Abel (ENW)
Stacey Aune (ENA)
David Baumbach (ENW)
Maya Beyhum (ENW London)
Patricia Bloom (ENA)
Matthew Brown (ENW)
Vince Cacaro (ISC)
Clara Carrington (ENW)
Carol Carter (ENA)
Carolyn Centilli (ISC)
Erin Copeland (EECC)
Richard Cross (ENW)
Rachel Davis (Corp)
Michael Desbiens (ISC)
David Dupre (ISC)
Eileen Flanagan (EEL)
Regina Figueroa (ISC)
Rebecca Ford (ENW)
Darron Giron (ENW)
Julie Goodfriend (International Tax)
Karen Gruesen (ENA)
Kevin Hall (EEL) 
Kristen Hanson (ENW)
David Horne (ISC) 
Larry Hunter (ENW)
Todd Hunter (EES)
Jim Ischy (GSS  Chris Jones (ISC)
William Kasmervisz (ENW)
Kam Kaiser (ENW)
Kedar Kulkarni (ISC)
Monica Lande (ENW Portland)
Suzanne Lane (EEL) 
Vince Mack (ISC) 
David Maxwell (ENW)
Emitra Nelson (ISC 
Caroline Nugent (EWS Tax)
Mark Pope (ISC)
Yiannis Poulopoulos (London Tax)
Melissa Ratnala (ENW)
Jason Sharp (Corp Tax)
Stephanie Smith (Corp)
Patricia Spence (ENW)
Amy Spode (ENW)
Patricia Sullivan (ENW)
Lisa Sutton (ETS)
John Swinney (ENW)
Deana Taylor (Corp) 
Dimitri Taylor (ENW)
Wayne Tencer (EES)
Bernella Tholen (ENA)
Theresa Vos (ENA)
Blake Walker (EECC)
Bob Ward (International Tax)
David Williams (EEL)
To Senior Specialist
Amelia Alland (ENW)
James Armstrong (ENA) 
Carmen Ayala (GSS 
Cynthia Balfour-Flanagan (ENW)
Gilda Bartz (Corp)
Stacey Brewer (ENW)
Marian Briscoe (Corp Tax) 
Aneela Charania (ENW)
Patricia Clark (Corp)
Chris Crixell (EES Tax)
Diane Ellstrom (ENW)
Heidi Griffith (EES) 
Marla Hernandez (ISC) 
Marlene Hilliard (ENW)
Dave Hollick (London Tax)
Rachel Jones (EEL)
Dawn Kenne (ENW)
Harry Kent (EWS Tax)
Blanca Lopez (ENA)
Brian Hunter Lindsay (EEL)
Rachel Lyon (EEL)
Stacy Hardy (ENA) 
Sally McAdams (ISC) 
Kelly McCain (Corp Tax)
Errol McLaughlin, Jr. (ENW)
Sylvia Martinez (ISC) 
Kevin Meredith (ENW)
Meredith Mitchell (ENW)
Winnie Ngai (Corp Tax)
Thien-Huong Ngo (ENW)
Brian Palmer (ENW)
Bich Ann T Pham (ENA)
Shelly Pierson (Corp) 
Lillie Pittman (ISC) 
David Rae (ENW)
Dixie Riddle (ETS Tax)
Salvador Dominguez (Corp)
Mark Schrab (ENW)
Stephanie Sever (ENW)
Danielle Shafer (ISC) 
Shifali Sharma (ENW)
Keith Simper (ENA)
Christopher Spears (ENW)
Caron Stark (ISC) 
Tara Sweitzer (ENW)
David Vandor (ENA)
Mary Womack (ISC) 
David Yang (International Tax)
Sabrae Zajac (ENW)
To Specialist
Kim Chick (EES Tax)
Justin East (EEL) 
Joey Esperance (International Tax)
Randi Howard (ISC) 
Melanie Hutchinson (EWS Tax)
Mary Joseph (Corp Tax)
Sherri Kathol (International Tax)
Lex Lacaze (International Tax)
Michelle LeBlanc (Corp Tax)
Ling Li (EWS Tax) 
Kori Loibl (ENW)
Alan Marsh (Corp Tax)
Bruce Mills (ENW)
Erika Moore (EEL) 
Matthew Motsinger (ENW)
Sherry Meyers (ISC) 
Andrea Price (Corp Tax)
Bernice Rodriguez (ENW)
Tina Salinas (EES Tax)
Brent Vasconcellos (Corp Tax) 
Brandi Wachtendorf (ENW)
Patryk Wlodarski      (ENW London)
To Entry Specialist 
Stuart Sheldrick (EEL)
To Accountant I
Becky Klussman (Corp)
To Accountant II
Silvia Shelby (Accounts Payable)
To Staff
Mary Behn (EES) 
Guy Freshwater (ENW London)
Geralynn Gosnell (ENW)
Richard Miley (ENW)
Brent Storey (ENW London)
Stuart Thom (ENW London)
Judith Walters (ENW)
Jonathan White (ENW London)
Joan Winfrey (ENW)
To Senior Tax Analyst
Emily Allwardt (International Tax)
Leon Branom (EBS Tax)
Shanna Husser (EES Tax)
Shilpa Mane (Corporate/London Tax)
Todd Richards (Corp Tax)
Michelle Thompson (Corp Tax)
To Sr. Administrative Assistant
Norma Chavez (International Tax)
Sarah Knott (ENW London)
To Sr. Travel Administrator
Cheryl Slone (GSS )
To Administrative Coordinator
Heather Choate (ENW)
Kayla Heitmeyer (GSS)
To Senior Clerk
Angela Barnett (ENW)
Matthew Davies (ENW London)
Daniela De Lisi (ENW London)
Rufino Dorteo (ENA) 
Mark Pilkington (ENW London)
Narjinder Sandhu (EEL)
Howard Sweasey (EEL)
Laura Vargas (ENW)
Jo Ann Woods (Corp Tax) 
To Intermediate Clerk
Maria Maldonado (Accounts Payable)
Araceli Mondragon (Accounts Payable)
Irma Rodriguez (Accounts Payable)
Bernita Sowell (Accounts Payable)
Stacy Carey  	02/22/2001 10:37 AM
The above PDF file is the latest version of the TBMA/ISDA bankruptcy
amendments reflecting discussions at yesterday's FDIC meeting.  Note that
other regulators (including Treasury, SEC, CFTC, the FED (NY and Washington,
FDIC) were also in attendance at yesterday's meeting.
We currently await the outcome of this morning's staff meeting of financial
regulators. The focus of this meeting was to discuss the BMA/ISDA amendment
package.
- s220markup2-21.pdf
Sounds good to me.
Bruce Lundstrom@_DEVELOPMENT
02/22/2001 09:41 AM
Mark -
Francisco thinks that picking up Columbia would not be a big problem and that 
he can manage all of his Wholesale work while watching Columbia.  To my 
knowledge, Columbia should not present substantial work and would benefit 
from Francisco's watch.
I'm trying to keep Francisco working on EGA matters that he knows well and/or 
are less likely to "balloon."  Francisco has been willing to tackle a bit 
more than he currently has on his EGA plate, but he is also sensitive to 
making sure that he has sufficient time for all of his responsibilities.
Let me know if you have concerns.
Bruce
Bruce Lundstrom
02/21/2001 05:38 PM
Mark -
Given that South America legal resources are stretched thin, we will be 
checking with Francisco to see if he has time to pick up Columbia.  He knows 
it well and I don't believe that it will be particularly time-consuming for 
him.  But it would help free up Miguel Mendoza a bit for other South America 
matters.
I will expect Francisco to be cognizant of his other Wholesale obligations in 
saying "yes" or "no."
Bruce
Looks good to me.  Please make sure Holly puts it on the group calendar.
Stephanie Panus@
02/22/2001 09:01 AM
I would like to take off next Friday, March 2, if no one has a conflict.
Thanks,
Stephanie
Yes, a standard presentation that shows generally what traders see when they 
use the system would be good.  We should definitely avoid being too technical.
Lisa Yoho@
02/22/2001 02:55 PM
Mark -- Chris and I were thinking that the standard presentation -- if it 
isn't too technical -- would be appropriate.    What are your thoughts?  Lisa
David Forster
02/22/2001 02:03 PM
Yes.
What kind of demo is he looking for?
Is it just a general overview (i.e. the standard EnronOnline presentation)?
Dave
David -- Would you be available on March 6th (around 3 - 3:30) to provide a 
demo of EOL for the Chairman of the CFTC?  He'll be meeting with Jeff 
Skilling before you, so  you'll be in good company!!
Let me know if you can help us out 
Thanks,
Lisa
They don't have the exclusive line (brand new) boat for our week but they do 
have this one.  If you can get in the night before we can actually stay on 
the boat and leave early in the morning - effectively getting an extra day of 
sailing.  If you want to check it out online, their website is 
www.moorings.com and the boat is a 463.  There's some good stuff on the site 
for people who've never been before - Bill might find it comforting.
GJKLOSS@mooringsnet.com
02/23/2001 09:13 AM
See Attached File
- report.rtf
I have taken a stab at a Legal & Privacy Statement for the Broker version of 
EnronOnline.  Please take a look and let me know what you think.  Justin - I 
don't know if or when they expect to launch something like this in Europe but 
I expect it won't be long.  Mark G. has been working on the Broker version of 
the ETA (the "BETA") and a Fee Agreement which we can send along.
Mark Taylor
02/20/2001 06:59 PM
Gentlemen:
Several points regarding the below:
We worked for the first half of 1999 to try and negotiate a master agreement 
with TDCC but failed due to an inability to agree on credit terms (i.e. TDCC 
wouldn't sign a master with ANY credit terms in it at all).  Rod Nelson was 
the Credit Dept. person responsible for this counterparty at that time.
If we want to start down this road again, the first step is to contact 
someone in Credit and have them generate the necessary credit terms for  a 
master agreement.  Unless the commercial folks have already, I'll ask someone 
in my group to get that process started.
The e-mail from Dow indicates:
"TDCC has never accepted and cannot accept the Terms and Conditions included 
in the
confirmations sent by Enron."
All credit concerns aside, if Dow is not signing and returning our 
confirmations, then based on this statement our derivatives trading with them 
should stop immediately on legal grounds.
The e-mail as forwarded to me did not contain the attachment.  Does someone 
here have it?
Let's hope it works out better this time.
Mark
John Viverito@
02/20/2001 01:55 PM
Mark-
Please see the correspondence below regarding Dow Chemical' s desire to enter 
into an ISDA with us 
Let us know who will be leading the charge from legal.
Thanks,
John
John Viverito
Phone (713) 345-7814
Fax       (713) 646-3490
e-mail John.Viverito@
Alan Engberg@ECT
02/20/2001 12:41 PM
John/Mike, can someone contact Luis Antuna (name and number below) to discuss 
putting together an ISDA between Dow Chemical Co. and EGM.
Thanks,
Alan
Thanks Luis,
I really appreciate your initiative to document that we have never accepted
and cannot accept their Terms and Conditions.  We are reversing the flow and
will leverage an ISDA Agreement that works for us and for them.
Thanks,
Mike
Subj. test
Kevin Meredith@
02/22/2001 10:51 AM
Mark,
Please review the following Spread description and comment on the changes The changes highlighted in red are your changes.  The changes in blue text 
are changes advised by Dave Forster and Suvita Puthigai.  Please let me know 
what you think.  3-9555
Thank you.
Kevin
Please take a few minutes to select your reviewers for the mid-year 
performance review process and enter them in the Performance Management 
System so that we can move this process along.
Thanks!
Mark
Many changes.
Here's my stab.
Approved.
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
02/15/2001 03:17 PM
Mark:
Have you approved the flat screen computer monitor for Mark Greenberg?  If 
so, please forward an email to Janette giving your approval.
Thanks!
Holly Keiser
Enron Americas
Legal Department - EB 3887
713-345-7893 (ph)
713-646-3490 (fx)
Holly.Keiser@
Lillian Carroll
02/23/2001 02:31 PM
A meeting has been scheduled for Monday, February 26, @ 10:30 in EB3567 to 
discuss HPL/AEP credit issues.  It is very important that you attend or send 
a representative.  Please call Lillian if you are not able to attend 
Thank you.
Lillian Carroll
x37271
Becky - please take Mark Haedicke off of the distribution list for this 
meeting.
Becky Spencer
02/27/2001 09:15 AM
The South American Legal Team meeting will take place:
Thursday, March 1st
2:30 p.m. - 3:30 p.m. (Houston time)
EB38c1
Stephanie:
This is like a very complicated game of musical chairs.  Right now there are=20
people in the offices that have been designated for Michelle and Gail.  We=20
can't move you guys in until we move them out.  We can't move them out yet=20
because we don't have any more places to move people!  There is a design that=20
has been drawn up to create some additional space (essentially by shrinking a=20
lot of other spaces) which I hope will be built out by mid March.  That's the=20
best I can do right now.  Sorry for the confusion.
Mark
=09Stephanie Truss/ENRON@Xgate
=0902/26/2001 03:19 PM
=09=09=20
Janette Elbertson advised that you are the planning person for the space over=20
on 38.=01; Gail Brownfeld, Michelle Blaine and myself will be moving over to 38=20
and some point in the near future.=01; Would you be able to tell me if a=20
definite date (or ballpark date) has been scheduled?=01; Thank you for your=20
help.=01;=20
Stacy Carey  	02/26/2001 02:25 PM
Attached is the amendment package forwarded to the hill on Friday afternoon.
Note that unlike earlier versions, which amended the Senate Bill S.220, this
package amends the House Bill H.R.333.  It is also a line-by-line mark-up
instead of a hand written mark-up of the actual bill.
House Financial Services Committee staff is working with the Legislative
Counsel of the House of Representatives to put our amendments in draft form.
We will forward the final amendment as soon as it is received.  It appears
that our amendments will be offered by Chairman Oxley and will not be
included in the Sensenbrenner amendment.
The House Rules Committee is meeting on the legislation at 2:00 on
Wednesday. A floor vote is expected on Thursday.
I can be reached on 917-543-9622 should you have any questions.  Many
thanks.   Stacy
Attached is a revised version of the amendment package to H.R.333.  We have
included both the annotated and unannotated versions, as well as a
blackline showing changes from yesterday's version. The only changes are
(1) an addition in the definition of master netting agreement on page 334
relating to guarantees and reimbursement obligations in respect of such
agreements, which we understand is acceptable to Mike Krimminger at the
FDIC, (2) the deletion of an incorrect section numbering change on page
351, and (3) the insertion of a revised "placeholder" provision on page 348
relating to rulemaking by the SEC and CFTC to address the treatment of
security futures products and joint securities/futures accounts in the
insolvency context.  As we have mentioned, the placeholder is intended to
be replaced by substantive language following further discussions between
the SEC and CFTC (and would presumably be removed if the agencies do not
agree on substantive language).   Although we have discussed the substance
of the new placeholder provision with the SEC and CFTC, the SEC has not yet
signed off on the specific language.  We understand that although the CFTC
does not "endorse" the placeholder language, it does not object to its
inclusion as a placeholder for this purpose.
Please feel free to call Seth Grosshandler (at 212-225-2542) or me (at
212-225-2234) with any questions or comments regarding the attached.
Geoffrey B. Goldman
Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton
Tel: 212-225-2234
Fax: 212-225-3999
E-mail: ggoldman@cgsh.com
(See attached file: h.r.333amendmentscompare.doc)(See attached file:
h.r.333amendment2-23unannotated.doc)(See attached file:
h.r.333amendment2-23annotated.doc)
- h.r.333amendmentscompare.doc
- h.r.333amendment2-23unannotated.doc
- h.r.333amendment2-23annotated.doc
Approved
Francisco Pinto Leite@_DEVELOPMENT
02/26/2001 05:28 PM
Mark:
If possible and if not too expensive I would like to have a flat screen (due 
to the reduced desk space we all have to work with in the future).  If not 
possible for whatever reason, no problem at all 
Thank you
Francisco Pinto-Leite
Enron Americas
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002-7361
Tel: 713-345-7942
Fax:713-646-3490
I'm in all week - just give me a call.
Lisa Yoho@
02/27/2001 02:09 PM
Mark -- do you have a few minutes to talk to me about Newsome's visit to 
Enron?    Thanks, Lisa
Stacy Carey  	02/26/2001 06:58 PM
The Bond Market Association and ISDA have circulated the attached letter in
support of our amendment package to other trade associations asking for
their decision about joining the letter by noon tomorrow.  The purpose of
the letter is to signal widespread support for the netting amendment
package.  It has been proposed that individual firms also have the
opportunity to sign the attached letter. To that end, would you please let
me know if your firm will be or will not be in a position to sign the letter
tomorrow.  Many thanks --   Stacy
Stacy Carey
Director North American Regulatory Policy
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(202) 457-6545 ph
(703) 256-1833 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
- Dreier Netting Letter.doc
We are trying to decide what to do this weekend and wondered (with fond 
memories of last year in mind) what you guys had planned 
Stacy Carey  	02/28/2001 03:52 PM
Senate Activity - The Senate Judiciary Committee completed its mark-up today
on S.220.  Senator Schumer offered an amendment reflecting the majority of
our amendment package.  The Schumer Amendment was adopted except for
provisions relating to Section 708 which received objection by Senator
Grassley.  Schumer's staff indicated they will attempt to work this out
w/Grassley before floor consideration tomorrow.
House Activity - The House Rules Committee made in order the Oxley-LaFalce
amendment, which reflects the majority of our netting amendment package.
Better news is that the amendment is alloted only 10 minutes of debate.
Note that the Financial Services Committee was not able to get language on
Section 708 and the SEC savings language included in the legislation due to
objection by the House Judiciary Committee. The amendment will be offered on
the House floor tomorrow.  Attached is the Oxley Amendment filed with the
Rules Committee and the letter we circulated to Chairman Drier, House
Leadership, and contacts on the Financial Services, Judiciary and
Agriculture Committees.  The SEC issue prevented release of our letter
earlier because they would not authorize PWG agreement without the savings
clause language.  They were convinced to withdraw their objection on a
promise that the Financial Services Committee would work to get this
language adopted in conference. Additionally, we understand that Chairman
Sensenbrenner may grumble about the Oxley amendment but will not raise any
formal objection.
To the extent you are able I would recommend sharing our letter with any
contacts you have with Members that are inclined to be involved in
tomorrow's debate and are inclined to be helpful -- particularly those on
the Financial Services and Judiciary Committees.
Note:  Due to the SEC snafu we were not able to circulate the letter to the
Senate today.  We are attempting to rework the letter to reflect the Schumer
amendment in hope that it still may be useful tomorrow.
- HR333_002.PDF
- Netting Amendments.doc
Approved.  Do we have extra monitors/keyboards already on the floor?
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
02/28/2001 04:39 PM
Mark:
Samantha Boyd is in need of a new computer monitor/ keyboard.  The monitor 
screen is visibly unclear which makes it extremely difficult to read.  In 
addition, the keys on the key board are sticky.  With your authorization, can 
these items be replaced with new equipment? 
Please advise.
Thanks,
Holly Keiser
Enron Americas
Legal Department - EB 3887
713-345-7893 (ph)
713-646-3490 (fx)
Holly.Keiser@
Any idea how I should handle this?
Cheryl Nelson@
Sent by: Keegan Farrell@
03/01/2001 11:03 AM
I would like permission to request remote access from home.  I have a 
personal laptop, and it would benefit me greatly to be able to work out of 
the house.  Thank you for your attention to this matter.  Sincerely,
Cheryl Nelson
Senior Counsel
EB3880D
(713) 345-4693
Just wanted to make sure you had received this.
Stacy Carey  	03/01/2001 11:16 AM
We have received word that Conyers and House Judiciary Democrats will oppose
the Oxley Amendment based on jurisdiction and acceptance of substantial
amendments.  We further understand that Gephardt remains supportive of the
amendment.  I would encourage as many calls as possible to the list of
members below encouraging support of the Oxley/LaFalce Amendment.
Points to keep in mind/mention:
- Most of the amendments are necessary to conform bankruptcy statute to the
Commodity Futures Modernization Act passed last year.
- Certain other provisions are necesary in order to update the bankruptcy
code for financial product netting.
- These are necessary to diminish systemic risk to the financial system.
- This is a bipartisan amendment supported by John LaFalce.
- Please support the Oxley-LaFalce Amendment.
Democratic Members
Mr. Conyers  <  Ranking
Mr. Frank Mr. Berman <  (California)
Mr. Boucher Mr. Nadler  <  York)
Mr. Scott Mr. Watt <  (North California)
Ms. Lofgren <  (California)
Ms. Jackson Lee Ms. Waters <  (California)
Mr. Meehan Mr. Delahunt < 
Mr. Wexler Ms. Baldwin <  (Wisconsin)
Mr. Weiner  <  York)
< 
Mr. Schiff <  (California)
Stacy Carey
Director North American Regulatory Policy
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(202) 457-6545 ph
(703) 256-1833 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
Just wanted to say hello.  I hadn't heard from you lately and wondered how 
things were going.  Have you moved out of the hotel yet?  I know how 
depressing it can be going home to a hotel room every night.  Even though the 
hotel where I lived for the first three months I was in Jakarta was very 
nice, it was still just a hotel room.  I was so glad to get out of there into 
an apartment - major quality of life improvement.
We've been just busy enough for me this month: Austin for a couple of days on 
Presidents' Day weekend, a Rockets game last Friday, and we're off to the 
Diverse Works annual gala on Saturday.   Ted wants to leave town to do 
something - anything - next weekend but I'm trying to talk him out of it 
since we're taking that week-long cruise starting the following Saturday Since my arguments carry no weight, I'm just lucky that air fares are 
surprisingly high right now - $1000 rt to Ft. Lauderdale is even too high for 
Ted.
Ted's brother is working on a  project here in town so we had him over the 
other night for dinner.  Ted had planned - can you guess - tuna steaks, 
having conveniently forgotten that his brother is allergic to fish.  How do 
you just forget something like that?  Luckily they went to the gym ahead of 
time and Ted mentioned what was on the menu so they stopped at the store and 
bought his brother a steak on the way home.
That nice January bump in Enron's stock price is ancient history now - pretty 
much the whole thing has been given back.  I'm still going to buy a new car looks like an Audi A6 - but just one.
Hope you are doing well!
Mark
Stacy Carey  	03/01/2001 01:53 PM
H.R. 333 just passed the House by a vote of 306 yeas to 108 neas.
Stacy Carey
Director North American Regulatory Policy
International Swaps and Derivatives Association
(202) 457-6545 ph
(703) 256-1833 fax
(917) 543-9622 cell
scarey@isda.org
The cruise is a western Caribbean cruise on a Carnival Lines ship - leaving 
from Galveston on the 17th.  I'm actually looking forward to it.  I may not 
be partying with the best of them (or have a body that would entitle me to 
even try) but a week in warm weather in a deck chair with a good book and a 
waiter bringing tropical drinks is sounding really good right now.
As for Europe, Ted is thinking London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Finland, Iceland 
and Norway (think blond and English speaking).  Personally, I'm reasonably 
flexible, but I'd rather go biking or barging through the wine country in 
France or relaxing in a Tuscan hill town or villa than disco-hopping through 
another Scandinavian capital or revisiting the bars in London.  Berlin, 
Prague and Budapest appeal since I've never been to any of them.  Or maybe I 
can get over to Barcelona just before your cruise with Ted - maybe with a few 
days in the wine country or Madrid beforehand?
FYI
Tina Spiller/ENRON@Xgate
03/02/2001 12:58 PM
The Offline Update meeting for Wednesday at 9:00 a.m. is canceled.  We will 
assume the regular schedule the week of March 12th.
Have a great weekend,
Tina
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
03/02/2001 06:33 PM
Mark Taylor has a one-way messaging pager 
to leave a numeric message:  1-877-855-2081
To send an email message:  8778552081@pagenetmessage.net 
Thanks!
Holly Keiser
Enron Americas
Legal Department - EB 3887
713-345-7893 (ph)
713-646-3490 (fx)
Holly.Keiser@
Every time I try to go to the "next step" and choose a hotel room type I get 
the hotel selection for the Sonoma weekend instead of whichever trip I'm 
looking at.
I would be interested in your thoughts.
Elena Kapralova
06/29/99 09:03 AM
Rahil,
According to Clifford Chance, our European Legal Advisor, this disclaimer 
must be driven by regulatory and investment issues in US, i.e. SEC 
requirements. 
In Europe, the paragraph like this would not be necessary in the ress 
release, but as our press release will be issued in US, it may need further 
investigation with US lawyers 
Rahil Jafry
29/06/99 11:10
Pls. note the disclaimer at the end of the message (highlighted in red).
Justin/Gary, is there a specific legal or PR related reason for this?
Would we have to make similar disclaimers in our press release?  Gary and I
are working on draft press releases currently and will forward those for
your approval soon.
- R
Trading Megawatts On the Web: Houston Street Exchange
Launches First Fully Web-Based Trading Floor and Portal for
the Electric Power Industry
Business Wire - June 28, 1999 08:32
PORTSMOUTH, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 28, 1999-- HoustonStreet.com alters
power trading
landscape by increasing the efficiency of how power is bought and sold
Electric power. It's quickly becoming one of the world's largest traded
commodities, yet it's one of the last to be bought and sold over the
Internet. But that's about to change today when Houston Street Exchange
introduces HoustonStreet.com, a new online electric power trading floor that
allows power traders to buy and sell electricity faster and better than
before.
Houston Street Exchange hopes to do for the power industry what E
rade did for the stock market: turn the industry upside down by bringing
together buyers and sellers in a real-time, efficient online format. This
will shift the control of the $70 billion wholesale power market in the
United States by putting it directly into the hands of power marketers,
utilities and other traders that are entering the increasingly deregulated
energy market. HoustonStreet.com serves as a portal for power traders,
providing critical information regarding weather, energy news, stocks and
other direct links necessary for trading electricity. HoustonStreet.com is
pioneering the emerging business-to-business e-commerce power trading
market.
Lights out for phones, static Web sites
HoustonStreet.com delivers what has so far been elusive to the power trader:
an easy-to-use, fully Web-based trading floor that gives power traders all
the information and flexibility they need to post offers, make bids, counter
and re-counter instantaneously, until they close the deal.
Historically, power marketers have attempted to finalize deals while
juggling numerous phones and praying no one is undercutting their
transactions because they can't see a real-time picture of market pricing.
They lose precious time because they must call around to get the latest
market prices.  HoustonStreet.com eliminates that by giving power traders
instant access to current pricing fluctuations in different regional power
markets.
"The real-time environment of the Web naturally lends itself to trading
wholesale power," said Paul Messerschmidt, manager of Power Markets Services
at Energy Security Analysis, Inc. "But existing online products are
inflexible and they typically require proprietary hardware or software to
operate.  Until these issues are rectified, wholesale power trading online
will remain dormant. Houston Street Exchange is positioning itself as the
industry's wake-up call by providing a secure, reliable and flexible
platform that allows traders to trade power the same way they do today, but
more efficiently."
HoustonStreet.com enables traders to make deals based on the product and
term of their choice, providing them the flexibility to buy and sell the
same way they do now, only utilizing a much more efficient and easy-to-use
medium-the Internet.
"The leadership of Houston Street Exchange has a vision for changing the
power marketing industry" said Alan Herrick, senior vice president at
Sapient Corporation (NASDAQ: SAPE) the e-services consultancy that helped
create HoustonStreet.com. "They understand the importance of first-mover
advantage and the need to continually provide a world-class experience for
their targeted market.  Sapient is delighted to be Houston Street's
partner."
Built with power traders in mind
Designed by power traders for power traders, HoustonStreet.com enables users
to maintain total control over each transaction, view their complete trading
history, sort offers and bids by price, term, volume and delivery point, and
trade 24 hours a day, 365 days a year using an online service that ensures
the security and anonymity of each transaction.
Easy to access, navigate and use, HoustonStreet.com gives traders
up-to-the-second market information, allowing them to make the best deals at
the right time without having to leave the site.  Traders are able to
customize their Web page so they can see information that may impact
decisions on trading strategy such as updated weather reports, news
headlines about the energy industry and stock prices.
HoustonStreet.com provides users with the ability to enter their own
information regarding trading agreements and credit status without betraying
the anonymity of other parties. Knowing whether an enabling agreement is in
place and credit issues have been resolved beforehand gives a power marketer
a tremendous advantage in making split-second decisions.
Because of its ease of use and real-time environment, HoustonStreet.com will
allow power traders to make more transactions and become more efficient.
HoustonStreet.com will initially cover the Northeast regions (NEPOOL, PJM,
NY) and expects to roll out the remaining trading regions of the country
over the next several months.
"Wholesale power trading in the United States has grown by about 900 percent
since 1996. In 1998, more than 3.0 billion megawatt hours were traded, with
virtually all of it done over the telephone," said Frank Getman, Houston
Street Exchange's president and CEO. "We are redefining how power is traded
in the wholesale market, making it much more efficient and easy for power
marketers to buy and sell electricity. HoustonStreet.com represents a
powerful convergence of two major trends: growth of business-to-business
e-commerce and deregulation of the electric power industry."
About Sapient
Sapient Corporation is an innovative e-services consultancy. Through the
delivery of integrated services, from business strategy and organizational
transformation consulting through user-centered design and technology
implementation, Sapient helps emerging and evolving businesses transform
themselves into e-businesses. Founded in 1991, Sapient has experienced
strong and consistent revenue growth in each of the last eight years. The
company currently has more than 1,600 employees in offices in Cambridge,
Mass., the company's headquarters, as well as London, Sydney, New York, San
Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, Dallas and Los Angeles. More information on
Sapient can be found at www.sapient.com.
About Houston Street Exchange
Designed by power traders for power traders, Houston Street Exchange has
developed the first Web portal for trading wholesale electric power.
HoustonStreet.com provides an online trading floor that allows power
marketers to trade power faster, more efficiently and more easily than they
do today.  Launched June 28, 1999, Houston Street Exchange is headquartered
in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.  Houston Street Exchange is a wholly owned
subsidiary of BayCorp Holdings, Ltd., (AMEX: MWH). For more information,
visit Houston Street at www.houstonstreet.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. There are a number
of important factors that could cause these forward-looking statements to be
materially inaccurate. These factors include, without limitation, that (i)
power traders may be unwilling or unable to use Internet-based power trading
systems, including HoustonStreet.com, (ii) HoustonStreet.com may not be able
to operate profitably, (iii) technological or systems outages could occur
and (iv) competitors with greater financial, marketing or other resources
could emerge. HoustonStreet.com is a registered service mark of Houston
Street Exchange. Sapient is a registered service mark of Sapient
Corporation.
CONTACT: Beaupre & Co. Public Relations, Inc.
Christa Branscombe, 603/559-5804
Let's talk at our group meeting tomorrow about the changes we should be 
making to our forms based on the CFMA and our conversation with Ken Raisler.
Continental Airlines  	03/06/2001 07:10 PM
ONEPASS MEMBER CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
DOMESTIC U.S.
Wednesday, March 7, 2001
WIN TWO BUSINESSFIRST TICKETS TO HONG KONG
We're celebrating our new daily nonstop service between New York
and Hong Kong by giving away a fabulous prize. Enter the
"Ultimate Chinese Take-Out" Sweepstakes(tm) for a chance to
win a trip to Hong Kong, in BusinessFirst.
Visit
for your chance to win!
TABLE OF CONTENTS FOR CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS
1. OnePass Miles CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
2. CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
3. Featured Fares Sample Destinations
4. Continental Vacations Offers
5. Alamo Rent A Car Offers
6. National Car Rental Offers
7. Westin Hotels & Resorts, Sheraton Hotels & Resorts,
Four Points by Sheraton, St. Regis, The Luxury Collection and W Hotels
8. Hilton Hotel Offers
This week's specials are good for the following markets departing Saturday,
March 10 and returning on either Monday, March 12 or Tuesday, March
13, 2001.  Please see the Rules/Terms and Conditions listed at the end of
this e-mail.
1. OnePass Miles CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
For OnePass members, here are special opportunities to redeem miles for
travel to the following destinations.  As an additional benefit, OnePass
Elite members can travel using the miles below as the only payment
necessary.  The following are this week's OnePass CO.O.L. Travel Specials.
To use your OnePass miles (as listed below) to purchase CO.O.L. Travel
Specials, you must call 1-800-642-1617.
THERE WILL NOT BE AN ADDITIONAL $20 CHARGE WHEN
REDEEMING ONEPASS MILES FOR CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS THROUGH
THE TOLL FREE RESERVATIONS NUMBER.
TRAVEL MAY ORIGINATE IN EITHER CITY
$29 + 12,500 Miles Cleveland, OH - Dayton, OH
$29 + 12,500 Miles Cleveland, OH - Rochester, NY
$29 + 10,000 Miles Houston, TX - Killeen, TX
$29 + 10,000 Miles Houston, TX - Lafayette, LA
$29 + 12,500 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - Hartford, CT
$29 + 17,500 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - Kansas City, MO
$29 + 17,500 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - Los Angeles, CA
$29 + 10,000 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - Providence, RI
$29 + 10,000 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - Richmond, VA
$29 + 17,500 Miles New York/Newark (Newark only) - San Diego, CA
2.  CO.O.L. Travel Specials Offers
Purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials online until 11:59pm (CST) Friday at
You can also purchase CO.O.L. Travel Specials for an additional cost of $20
per ticket through our telephone service at 1-800-642-1617.
TRAVEL MAY ORIGINATE IN EITHER CITY
****Roundtrip BETWEEN CLEVELAND, OH and:
$119 - Dayton, OH
$119 - Rochester, NY
****Roundtrip BETWEEN HOUSTON, TX and:
$109 - Killeen, TX
$109 - Lafayette, LA
****Roundtrip BETWEEN NEW YORK/NEWARK and:
$119 - Hartford, CT
$179 - Kansas City, MO
$219 - Los Angeles, CA
$109 - Providence, RI
$109 - Richmond, VA
$219 - San Diego, CA
3.  FEATURED FARES SAMPLE DESTINATION
Choose your fare, find your flight. Or, quickly sift through all our great
featured fares by choosing a destination or origin. Be spontaneous. Get out
of town. Current Featured Fares destinations include:
New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, San Francisco,
Austin, Seattle, and many more.
Note: Featured Fares change often. To see a regularly-updated online list
and purchase our Featured Fares, visit the website at:
(Capacity controls and other restrictions apply)
4.  CONTINENTAL VACATIONS OFFERS
Are you thinking about how you are going to plan you next vacation?  Let
Continental Airlines Vacations take the hassle out of vacation planning with
easy-to-plan travel packages that provide exciting destinations plus
memories that will last a lifetime!
Check out
to see our newest addition: Internet only specials!
5.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM ALAMO RENT A CAR
This week, Alamo (R) offers great rates in the following cities. Rates
listed below are valid on compact class cars at airport locations listed.
Other car types may be available. Rates are valid for rentals on Saturday,
March 10, 2001 with returns Monday, March 12, 2001 or Tuesday,
March 13, 2001.
To receive special Continental CO.O.L. discounted rates, simply make advance
reservations and be sure to request ID # 596871 and Rate Code 33. Book your
reservation online at:
or contact Alamo at 1-800 GO ALAMO.
*If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed,
Alamo offers you up to 20% off their retail rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to Alamo's terms and
conditions below.
6.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS FROM NATIONAL CAR RENTAL
This week, National (R) offers great rates in the following cities. Rates
listed below are valid on compact class cars at airport locations listed.
Other car types may be available.  Rates are valid for rentals on Saturday,
March 10, 2001 with returns Monday, March 12, 2001 or Tuesday,
March 13, 2001.
To receive your special Continental Airlines CO.O.L. Travel Specials
discounted rates, simply make your reservation in advance and be sure to
request Product Code COOLUS.  Make your reservation online or contact
National at 1-800-CAR-RENT (1-800-227-7368).  Book your reservation online
at:
* If you are traveling to a city or a different date that is not listed,
National offers you up to 20% off their retail rates when you book online at:
For complete details on these offers, please refer to National's terms and
conditions below.
7.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS LAST-MINUTE WEEKEND
RATES FROM WESTIN HOTELS & RESORTS, SHERATON HOTELS
& RESORTS, FOUR POINTS BY SHERATON, ST. REGIS,
THE LUXURY COLLECTION, AND W HOTELS
Visit our site for booking these and other Last-Minute Weekend Rates for
this weekend March 9-13, 2001.
Georgia - Atlanta - W Atlanta at Perimeter Center - $90.00
Georgia - Atlanta - The Westin Atlanta North at Perimeter Center - $74.00
Georgia - Atlanta - The Westin Peachtree Plaza - $94.00
New Jersey - Eatontown - Sheraton Eatontown Hotel & Conference Center - $99.00
New Jersey - Elizabeth - Four Points by Sheraton Newark - $71.00
New Jersey - Parsippany - Sheraton Parsippany Hotel - $70.00
New Jersey - Piscataway - Four Points by Sheraton Piscataway - $65.00
New York - Jamaica - Sheraton JFK Airport Hotel - $103.00
New York - New York City - The St. Regis - $580.00
Ohio - Akron/Cuyahoga Falls - Sheraton Suites Akron/Cuyahoga Falls - $99.00
Ohio - Cincinnati - The Westin Cincinnati - $90.00
Ohio - Columbus - Sheraton Suites Columbus - $64.00
Texas - Houston - The Westin Galleria Houston - $64.00
Texas - Houston - Sheraton Suites Houston Near The Galleria - $71.00
Texas - Houston - The St. Regis, Houston - $106.00
Texas - Houston - The Westin Oaks - $70.00
Texas - Houston - Sheraton Houston Brookhollow Hotel - $45.00
Texas - Houston/Airport - Sheraton North Houston At IAH - $64.00
For complete details on these offers, please refer to the terms and
conditions below.
8.  CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS ON HILTON HOTELS AND RESORTS
The following rates are available March 10-12, 2001 and are priced per night.
Hartford, CT - Hilton Hartford, CT - $95
Houston, TX  - Doubletree Hotel Houston-Post Oak, TX - $165
Houston, TX - Hilton Houston Hobby Airport, Houston  TX - $88
Houston, TX - Hilton Houston Southwest, TX - $105
Houston, TX - Hilton Houston Westchase and Towers, TX - $65
Los Angeles, CA - Doubletree Hotel Los Angeles-Rosemead, CA - $109
Los Angeles, CA - Doubletree Hotel Pasadena-Plaza Las Fuentes, CA - $149
Los Angeles, CA - Hilton Burbank Airport & Convention Center, CA - $129
Los Angeles, CA - Hilton Glendale, CA - $169
Los Angeles, CA - Hilton Irvine/Orange County Airport, CA - $99
Los Angeles, CA - Hilton Los Angeles Airport, CA - $99
Los Angeles, CA - Hilton Pasadena, CA - $149
Newark, NJ - Doubletree Club Suites Jersey City, NJ - $129
Newark, NJ - Hilton East Brunswick, NJ - $189
Newark, NJ - Hilton Fort Lee George Washington Bridge, NJ - $109
Newark, NJ - Hilton Pearl River, NY - $125
San Diego, CA - Doubletree Hotel San Diego/Del Mar, CA - $149
San Diego, CA - Hilton Garden Inn Carlsbad Beach, CA - $129
San Diego, CA - Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines, CA - $185
San Diego, CA - Hilton San Diego/Del Mar, CA - $139
Windsor Locks, CT - Doubletree Hotel Bradley International Airport, CT -$109
To book this week's special rates for Hilton Family Hotels, visit and book at
Special rates apply only for the dates listed at each hotel and are subject to
availability.  Check hilton.com for specific dates at each Hilton Family 
Hotel.
Or call at 1-800-774-1500 and ask for Value Rates. Restrictions apply to these
rates.
CO.O.L. TRAVEL SPECIALS RULES:
Fares include a $37.20 fuel surcharge.  Passenger Facility Charges, up
to $12 depending on routing, are not included. Up to Three dollars per
segment federal excise tax, as applicable, is not included.  Applicable
International and or Canadian taxes and fees up to $88, varying by
destination, are not included and may vary slightly depending on currency
exchange rate at the time of purchase.
For a complete listing of rules please visit:
ALAMO RENT A CAR'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Taxes (including VLF taxes up to US$1.89 per day in California and GST),
other governmentally-authorized or imposed surcharges, license recoupment
fees, fuel, additional driver fee, drop charges and optional items (such as
CDW Waiver Savers(R) up to US$18.99 a day,) are extra. Renter must meet
standard age, driver and credit requirements. Rates higher for drivers under
age 25. Concession recoupment fees may add up to 14% to the rental rate at
some on-airport locations. Up to 10.75% may be added to the rental rate if
you rent at an off-airport location and exit on our shuttle bus. Weekly
rates require a 5-day minimum rental or daily rates apply. For weekend
rates, the vehicle must be picked up after 9 a.m. on Thursday and returned
before midnight on Monday or higher daily rates apply. 24-hour advance
reservation required. May not be combined with other discounts. Availability
is limited. All vehicles must be returned to the country of origin. Offer
not valid in San Jose, CA.
NATIONAL CAR RENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Customer must provide Contract ID# at the time of reservation to be eligible
for discounts. Offer valid at participating National locations in the US and
Canada. Minimum rental age is 25. This offer is not valid with any other
special discount or promotion. Standard rental qualifications apply. Subject
to availability and blackout dates. Advance reservations required.
Geographic driving restrictions may apply.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WESTIN, SHERATON, FOUR POINTS,
ST. REGIS, THE LUXURY COLLECTION, AND W HOTELS:
Offer is subject to availability. Advance Reservations required and is based 
on
single/double occupancy. Offer not applicable to group travel. Additional
Service charge and tax may apply. The discount is reflected in the rate 
quoted.
Offer valid at participating hotel only. Offer valid for stays on Fri - Mon 
with
a Friday or Saturday night arrival required. Rate available for this coming
weekend only (01/05/2001 to 01/08/2001.) Offer available only by making
reservations via the internet. A limited number of rooms may be available at
these rates.
UNFORTUNATELY MAIL SENT TO THIS ADDRESS CANNOT BE ANSWERED.
PLEASE SEND ALL INQUIRIES TO:
TO UNSUBSCRIBE:
We hope you will find CO.O.L. Travel Specials a valuable source of
information. However, if you prefer not to take advantage of this 
opportunity, please let us know by visiting the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page
on our web site at:
TO SUBSCRIBE:
Please visit the CO.O.L. Travel Specials page on our web site at:
Wow - I suppose it might be mine but I have no idea what it is!
Mark A Taylor@EES
03/07/2001 07:05 AM
yours?
Mark Taylor of ENA sent his erequest in last Thursday. Is there an ETA on 
when his request will be completed?
Thanks,
Randi Howard
ISC Hotline 
713-345-4727
My comments below.
David Forster@
03/06/2001 11:31 AM
Mark,
We have decided to give more specific reasons for transaction failure to 
customers. These new reasons will be released along with the new broker 
quotes capability.
Following is the suggested text for the new messages. Please review and 
comment as appropriate.
Thanks,
Dave
Existing Message
Required new Messages
1) public static final String BROKER_CREDIT_FAILURE = "FAILURE: broker 
exceeded credit limit";
public static final int BROKER_CREDIT_ERRCODE = 1;
2) public static final String TRADE_FOR_CREDIT_FAILURE = "FAILURE: 
counterparty exceeded credit limit";
public static final int TRADE_FOR_CREDIT_ERRCODE = 2;
3) public static final String TRADE_FOR_BID_ACCESS_FAILURE = "FAILURE: 
counterparty has no bid access to product";
public static final int TRADE_FOR_BID_ACCESS_ERRCODE = 3;
4) public static final String TRADE_FOR_OFFER_ACCESS_FAILURE = "FAILURE: 
counterparty has no offer access to product";
public static final int TRADE_FOR_OFFER_ACCESS_ERRCODE = 4;
5) public static final String TRADE_FOR_ACCESS_FAILURE = "FAILURE: 
counterparty has no access to product";
public static final int TRADE_FOR_ACCESS_ERRCODE = 5;
6) public static final String USER_BID_ACCESS_FAILURE = "FAILURE: user has no 
bid access to product";
public static final int USER_BID_ACCESS_ERRCODE = 6;
7) public static final String USER_OFFER_ACCESS_FAILURE = "FAILURE: user has 
no offer access to product";
public static final int USER_OFFER_ACCESS_ERRCODE = 7;
8) public static final String USER_TERM_LIMIT_FAILURE = "FAILURE: product 
violates user's term limit";
public static final int USER_TERM_LIMIT_ERRCODE = 8;
9) public static final String TRADE_FOR_TERM_LIMIT_FAILURE = "FAILURE: 
product violates counterparty's term limit";
public static final int TRADE_FOR_TERM_LIMIT_ERRCODE = 9;
10) I assume we also have a broker term limit error message? (DF)
11) I assume we are keeping a volume limit error message? (DF)
12) I assume we are keeping a price limit error message? (DF)
New Message Format
All new messages should retain the same format as the Existing Message (title 
and identification of the Product), except that:
After the Product Description, insert a blank row, then center-justify the 
[Failure Reason] (see below), then add a blank row, then add the [Text Body] 
(see below)
New Message Contents
Numbers coincide with the above list of Required New Messages. Customer 
messages will be followed with a "c" and the broker messages by a "b" (e.g. 
message 2b is intended for the broker client only)
1b) Failure Reason: Broker Credit Limit Exceeded
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as it would cause the 
current remaining credit limit for your company to be exceeded. Please note 
this limit is not related to the specific company for which you are 
attempting to transact. For further information or to request a change in 
status, please contact us.
2b)  Failure Reason: Counterparty Credit Limit Exceeded
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as it would cause the 
current remaining credit limit to be exceeded for for reasons relating to the 
Counterparty you are representing. For further information, please contact us.
2c)  Failure Reason: Credit Limit Exceeded
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as it would cause the 
current remaining credit limit for your company to be exceeded. For further 
information or to request a change in status, please contact us.
3b) Failure Reason: Counterparty Requires Bid Access to Product
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as  for reasons 
relating to the Counterparty you are representing is not currently authorized 
to hit the Bid for this Product. For further information, please contact us.
3c) Failure Reason: Bid Authourization Required
Text Body: Your company is not currently authorized to transact on the Bids 
for this Product. For further information or to request a change in status, 
please contact us.
4b) Failure Reason: Counterparty Requires Offer Access to Product
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as  for reasons 
relating to the Counterparty you are representing is not currently authorized 
to lift the Offer for this Product. For further information, please contact 
us.
4c) Failure Reason: Offer Authourization Required
Text Body: Your company is not currently authorized to transact on the 
Offers for this Product. For further information or to request a change in 
status, please contact us.
5b) Failure Reason: Counterparty has no Access to Product
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as  for reasons 
relating to the Counterparty you are representing is not currently authorized 
to buy or sell this Product. For further information, please contact us.
5c) Failure Reason: Product Authourization Required
Text Body: Your company is not currently authorized to transact on this 
Product. For further information or to request a change in status, please 
contact us.
6b,c) Failure Reason: User ID Bid Authorization Required 
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as your User ID is 
not currently authorized to hit the Bid for this Product. Please contact the 
Master User at your company to change this authorization if required. For 
further information, please contact us.
7b,c) Failure Reason: User ID Offer Authorization Required
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as your User ID is 
not currently authorized to hit the Offer for this Product. Please contact 
the Master User at your company to change this authorization if required. For 
further information, please contact us.
8b,c) Failure Reason: Product Exceeds User ID Term Limit
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as your User ID is 
not currently authorized to transact for the length of the term on this 
Product. Please contact the Master User at your company to change this 
authorization if required. For further information, please contact us.
9b) Failure Reason: Product Exceeds Counterparty Term Limit
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as  for reasons 
relating to the Counterparty you are representing is not currently authorized 
for the length of term on this Product. For further information, please 
contact us.
9c) Failure Reason: Product Exceeds Company Term Limit
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as your company is 
not currently authorized for the length of term on this Product. For further 
information or to request a change in status, please contact us.
10b)  Failure Reason: Product Exceeds Broker Term Limit
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as your company is 
not currently authorized for the length of term on this Product. Please note 
this limit is applicable to your company and not necessarily related to the 
specific company for which you are attempting to transact. For further 
information or to request a change in status, please contact us.
11bc) Failure Reason: Volume Not Available
Text Body: The volume you requested may have been taken by another customer. 
Please check your quotes screen and resubmit your transaction request for 
currently available price and volume as appropriate. For further information, 
please contact us.
12bc) Failure Reason: Price Not Available
Text Body: The price you requested may have been taken by another customer Please check your quotes screen and resubmit your transaction request for 
currently available price and volume as appropriate. For further information, 
please contact us.
As soon as you like.
Mary Cook
03/07/2001 11:51 AM
Tana said she and Marie visited and that the matters are resolved.  Please 
let me know when you think the time is ripe for me to visit with Panus.  Mary
Cordially,
Mary Cook
My guess is this was a holdover from last year's list.
Brent Hendry@
03/07/2001 07:53 AM
It looks like Randy is invited but the rest of South America is not on this 
list.  Should she check with John Novak to see if the South American 
Attorneys are invited?
Andrea Calo
03/06/2001 08:51 AM
Sorry to bother you with this, but given the new situation, do you think I am 
required to attend this meeting or is it a mailing error.  Thanks.
Lisa Mellencamp@ECT
03/06/2001 11:21 AM
Sent by: Linda J Simmons@ECT
The Enron Wholesale Services 2001 Legal Conference will be held on Thursday 
afternoon and Friday, October 11 - 12, 2001 at the Woodlands Resort and 
Conference Center north of Houston.
Please save the date!
Ann Ballard in the Corp. legal dept. called me about these guys today.  You 
might check with her to see where things stand.
Vladimir Gorny/ENRON@Xgate
03/06/2001 07:58 PM
Any thoughts, recommendations?
Any news on us getting Enron On-Line?  My understanding is the attorneys need
to file with FERC for approval.  However, the bigger question is whether Enron
will allows us to file with FERC and that it won't be counter productive with
the corporate strategy for PGE.
Obviously, we're anxious to start trading on-line so let me know if you have
questions.  Thanks.
This is one I did for steel.  It should probably be beefed up to include 
reference to an ISDA master to be signed up front.
Here's one Carol did.
Carol St Clair
03/08/2001 04:10 PM
Carol St. Clair
EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
FYI
Robert Bruce@
Sent by: Robert Bruce@
03/08/2001 04:20 PM
Yes, legal is OK with this.  Trades executed from the London desk will be 
arranged through EEFT; trades executed from the New York desk will not need 
to be.  In either case, the Enron principal to the transaction would be 
ECTRIC.
Robert E. Bruce
Senior Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
T (713) 345-7780
F (713) 646-3393
robert.bruce@
Trena McFarland
03/08/2001 03:49 PM
Everybody
It is my understanding that for we can use the single entity ECTRIC  for 
softs global trading(London and New York).
Please confirm that each of your respective departments is in agreement with 
this.
Thank you
Trena McFarland
Enron Agricultural Trading
We think the HoustonStreet disclaimer is not just overkill but entirely 
unnecessary.  And I plan to remind all of you of this the next time you claim 
the Enron lawyers are too conservative!
Elena Kapralova
06/29/99 09:03 AM
Rahil,
According to Clifford Chance, our European Legal Advisor, this disclaimer 
must be driven by regulatory and investment issues in US, i.e. SEC 
requirements. 
In Europe, the paragraph like this would not be necessary in the ress 
release, but as our press release will be issued in US, it may need further 
investigation with US lawyers 
Rahil Jafry
29/06/99 11:10
Pls. note the disclaimer at the end of the message (highlighted in red).
Justin/Gary, is there a specific legal or PR related reason for this?
Would we have to make similar disclaimers in our press release?  Gary and I
are working on draft press releases currently and will forward those for
your approval soon.
- R
Trading Megawatts On the Web: Houston Street Exchange
Launches First Fully Web-Based Trading Floor and Portal for
the Electric Power Industry
Business Wire - June 28, 1999 08:32
PORTSMOUTH, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 28, 1999-- HoustonStreet.com alters
power trading
landscape by increasing the efficiency of how power is bought and sold
Electric power. It's quickly becoming one of the world's largest traded
commodities, yet it's one of the last to be bought and sold over the
Internet. But that's about to change today when Houston Street Exchange
introduces HoustonStreet.com, a new online electric power trading floor that
allows power traders to buy and sell electricity faster and better than
before.
Houston Street Exchange hopes to do for the power industry what E
rade did for the stock market: turn the industry upside down by bringing
together buyers and sellers in a real-time, efficient online format. This
will shift the control of the $70 billion wholesale power market in the
United States by putting it directly into the hands of power marketers,
utilities and other traders that are entering the increasingly deregulated
energy market. HoustonStreet.com serves as a portal for power traders,
providing critical information regarding weather, energy news, stocks and
other direct links necessary for trading electricity. HoustonStreet.com is
pioneering the emerging business-to-business e-commerce power trading
market.
Lights out for phones, static Web sites
HoustonStreet.com delivers what has so far been elusive to the power trader:
an easy-to-use, fully Web-based trading floor that gives power traders all
the information and flexibility they need to post offers, make bids, counter
and re-counter instantaneously, until they close the deal.
Historically, power marketers have attempted to finalize deals while
juggling numerous phones and praying no one is undercutting their
transactions because they can't see a real-time picture of market pricing.
They lose precious time because they must call around to get the latest
market prices.  HoustonStreet.com eliminates that by giving power traders
instant access to current pricing fluctuations in different regional power
markets.
"The real-time environment of the Web naturally lends itself to trading
wholesale power," said Paul Messerschmidt, manager of Power Markets Services
at Energy Security Analysis, Inc. "But existing online products are
inflexible and they typically require proprietary hardware or software to
operate.  Until these issues are rectified, wholesale power trading online
will remain dormant. Houston Street Exchange is positioning itself as the
industry's wake-up call by providing a secure, reliable and flexible
platform that allows traders to trade power the same way they do today, but
more efficiently."
HoustonStreet.com enables traders to make deals based on the product and
term of their choice, providing them the flexibility to buy and sell the
same way they do now, only utilizing a much more efficient and easy-to-use
medium-the Internet.
"The leadership of Houston Street Exchange has a vision for changing the
power marketing industry" said Alan Herrick, senior vice president at
Sapient Corporation (NASDAQ: SAPE) the e-services consultancy that helped
create HoustonStreet.com. "They understand the importance of first-mover
advantage and the need to continually provide a world-class experience for
their targeted market.  Sapient is delighted to be Houston Street's
partner."
Built with power traders in mind
Designed by power traders for power traders, HoustonStreet.com enables users
to maintain total control over each transaction, view their complete trading
history, sort offers and bids by price, term, volume and delivery point, and
trade 24 hours a day, 365 days a year using an online service that ensures
the security and anonymity of each transaction.
Easy to access, navigate and use, HoustonStreet.com gives traders
up-to-the-second market information, allowing them to make the best deals at
the right time without having to leave the site.  Traders are able to
customize their Web page so they can see information that may impact
decisions on trading strategy such as updated weather reports, news
headlines about the energy industry and stock prices.
HoustonStreet.com provides users with the ability to enter their own
information regarding trading agreements and credit status without betraying
the anonymity of other parties. Knowing whether an enabling agreement is in
place and credit issues have been resolved beforehand gives a power marketer
a tremendous advantage in making split-second decisions.
Because of its ease of use and real-time environment, HoustonStreet.com will
allow power traders to make more transactions and become more efficient.
HoustonStreet.com will initially cover the Northeast regions (NEPOOL, PJM,
NY) and expects to roll out the remaining trading regions of the country
over the next several months.
"Wholesale power trading in the United States has grown by about 900 percent
since 1996. In 1998, more than 3.0 billion megawatt hours were traded, with
virtually all of it done over the telephone," said Frank Getman, Houston
Street Exchange's president and CEO. "We are redefining how power is traded
in the wholesale market, making it much more efficient and easy for power
marketers to buy and sell electricity. HoustonStreet.com represents a
powerful convergence of two major trends: growth of business-to-business
e-commerce and deregulation of the electric power industry."
About Sapient
Sapient Corporation is an innovative e-services consultancy. Through the
delivery of integrated services, from business strategy and organizational
transformation consulting through user-centered design and technology
implementation, Sapient helps emerging and evolving businesses transform
themselves into e-businesses. Founded in 1991, Sapient has experienced
strong and consistent revenue growth in each of the last eight years. The
company currently has more than 1,600 employees in offices in Cambridge,
Mass., the company's headquarters, as well as London, Sydney, New York, San
Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, Dallas and Los Angeles. More information on
Sapient can be found at www.sapient.com.
About Houston Street Exchange
Designed by power traders for power traders, Houston Street Exchange has
developed the first Web portal for trading wholesale electric power.
HoustonStreet.com provides an online trading floor that allows power
marketers to trade power faster, more efficiently and more easily than they
do today.  Launched June 28, 1999, Houston Street Exchange is headquartered
in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.  Houston Street Exchange is a wholly owned
subsidiary of BayCorp Holdings, Ltd., (AMEX: MWH). For more information,
visit Houston Street at www.houstonstreet.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. There are a number
of important factors that could cause these forward-looking statements to be
materially inaccurate. These factors include, without limitation, that (i)
power traders may be unwilling or unable to use Internet-based power trading
systems, including HoustonStreet.com, (ii) HoustonStreet.com may not be able
to operate profitably, (iii) technological or systems outages could occur
and (iv) competitors with greater financial, marketing or other resources
could emerge. HoustonStreet.com is a registered service mark of Houston
Street Exchange. Sapient is a registered service mark of Sapient
Corporation.
CONTACT: Beaupre & Co. Public Relations, Inc.
Christa Branscombe, 603/559-5804
FYI.
Robert Bruce@
Sent by: Robert Bruce@
03/08/2001 04:20 PM
Yes, legal is OK with this.  Trades executed from the London desk will be 
arranged through EEFT; trades executed from the New York desk will not need 
to be.  In either case, the Enron principal to the transaction would be 
ECTRIC.
Robert E. Bruce
Senior Counsel
Enron Wholesale Services
T (713) 345-7780
F (713) 646-3393
robert.bruce@
Trena McFarland
03/08/2001 03:49 PM
Everybody
It is my understanding that for we can use the single entity ECTRIC  for 
softs global trading(London and New York).
Please confirm that each of your respective departments is in agreement with 
this.
Thank you
Trena McFarland
Enron Agricultural Trading
OK
Brent Hendry@
03/12/2001 09:25 AM
Mark,
I am taking Thursday off for my son's birthday.  I know it is late notice but 
I would also like to take Friday off since my children have spring break this 
week.  I do not think anyone else is off on Friday.   It it is ok with you I 
will email the group.
Thanks,
Brent
I think this is probably OK.  You should probably just check with Samantha Tana to make sure they aren't planning something then.  Since it is Good 
Friday, it might be a little slower than usual.
Stephanie Panus@
03/12/2001 08:17 AM
I would like to take off April 9 - 13.  Although its not on the calendar, I 
know Susan is scheduled to be off that Fri, April 13.  I can come in on that 
Friday if need be.  Just wanted to check with you first.
Thanks,
Stephanie
Greg:
It looks like Melba sent you an example of a put.  There is nowhere else on 
the website to explain the different calculations so they use the identical 
Long Description except for that one clause to differentiate between puts and 
calls.  So far there have not been any collars, straddles, etc. offered.
On the second change, it looked to me like the preceding sentence already 
covers the treatment of holidays 
...at the end of such day (normally being 4:05 p.m. (MPT)) on EnronOnline (or 
for Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays, at the end of the day on the 
preceding business day 
which makes the deleted language redundant.
Greg Johnston
03/12/2001 11:30 AM
Melba, I have reviewed the proposed changes and I do not believe that they 
should be made.  The change to the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
to specify it is the Strike Price minus the Index doesn't work unless the 
option is a put.  We want this long description to work for all options 
(puts, calls, collars, etc.) and for each of those the calculation of the 
Cash Settlement Amount is different.  That is the reason that we originally 
put in the generic language that the Cash Settlement Amount is "the greater 
of zero or the amount calculated as set forth on the Website", such that the 
actual calculation mechanism for the Cash Settlement Amount will be set forth 
in each specific product.  Therefore, I would suggest we change it back to 
the original wording.
On the second change, I know that the wording that was removed is important 
to our traders.  If the description is silent on holiday pricing (which will 
be the case if we make the suggested change), I am not sure as to what the 
default is.  We need to make sure that the default where the pricing for 
holidays is not specified is exactly the same as the wording removed, 
otherwise the wording removed needs to be put back in.  I am also not clear 
on why we would remove the wording in the first place and create any 
uncertainty as to holiday pricing.
Thanks
Greg
Greg,
Attached please find the language for the Option products.  I need final 
approval from you. Changes were suggested by Mark Taylor.
Thansk,
Melba
napcameback.com
If they can figure out a way to do it, more power to them - but there are 
only just so many characters available in the short description line 
Greg Johnston
03/12/2001 02:18 PM
Mark, you are right on the second point.  I think we are probably okay 
there.  I understand from our option traders that they intend to set the 
products themselves up on EOL to address the different calculations in the 
products themselves rather than coming up with different long descriptions 
for each.  Does that make any sense or should we be setting up separate long 
descriptions for each of the types of options they want to offer?
Greg:
It looks like Melba sent you an example of a put.  There is nowhere else on 
the website to explain the different calculations so they use the identical 
Long Description except for that one clause to differentiate between puts and 
calls.  So far there have not been any collars, straddles, etc. offered.
On the second change, it looked to me like the preceding sentence already 
covers the treatment of holidays 
...at the end of such day (normally being 4:05 p.m. (MPT)) on EnronOnline (or 
for Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays, at the end of the day on the 
preceding business day 
which makes the deleted language redundant.
Greg Johnston
03/12/2001 11:30 AM
Melba, I have reviewed the proposed changes and I do not believe that they 
should be made.  The change to the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount 
to specify it is the Strike Price minus the Index doesn't work unless the 
option is a put.  We want this long description to work for all options 
(puts, calls, collars, etc.) and for each of those the calculation of the 
Cash Settlement Amount is different.  That is the reason that we originally 
put in the generic language that the Cash Settlement Amount is "the greater 
of zero or the amount calculated as set forth on the Website", such that the 
actual calculation mechanism for the Cash Settlement Amount will be set forth 
in each specific product.  Therefore, I would suggest we change it back to 
the original wording.
On the second change, I know that the wording that was removed is important 
to our traders.  If the description is silent on holiday pricing (which will 
be the case if we make the suggested change), I am not sure as to what the 
default is.  We need to make sure that the default where the pricing for 
holidays is not specified is exactly the same as the wording removed, 
otherwise the wording removed needs to be put back in.  I am also not clear 
on why we would remove the wording in the first place and create any 
uncertainty as to holiday pricing.
Thanks
Greg
Greg,
Attached please find the language for the Option products.  I need final 
approval from you. Changes were suggested by Mark Taylor.
Thansk,
Melba
Bjorn Hagelmann/ENRON@Xgate
03/12/2001 01:25 PM
Mark:
After our last discussion from Friday I thought I would outline the next 
Steps as I see them:
? Establish a corporate entity as a sub of Enron Corp. to conduct business 
under.
? Develop a consulting contract (Sample sent to you by Cassandra Schultz)
? Develop a confidentiality agreement from sample provided.
? Price Professional Liability Insurance based on contract provided.
? Hold off customers until said items are in place.
Bj"rn Hagelmann
Director
Rac - Market Risk Management
E-Mail: bjorn.hagelmann@
Office:  + 1 713 345 7984
Mobil:   + 1 713 302 5279
I wish I could - unfortunately I will be out of town on vacation next week Thanks for asking!
Alan Aronowitz
03/12/2001 06:25 PM
FYI. I have not committed to doing this yet. You had previously mentioned 
that you wanted to visit with Paul. If you have not already done so, this 
might be a good time to do so. Are you open to a meeting?
Alan
ppantano@mwe.com
03/12/2001 05:26 PM
Dear Alan:
I will be in Houston on March 20 and 21.  Would you have time for an 
early
dinner or late afternoon meeting on Tuesday the 20th?  Please let me know.
, Paul
Paul J. Pantano, Jr.
McDermott, Will & Emery
600 13th Street, N.W.
Washington, DC 20005
Ph:    (202) 756-8026
Fax:  (202) 756-8087
Email:  ppantano@mwe.com
***This message is a PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL communication.  If you are 
not
the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, or use it, and do not 
disclose
it to others 
This message is a PRIVATE communication.   If you are not the intended
recipient, please do not read, copy, or use it, and do not disclose it to
others.  Please notify the sender of the delivery error by replying to this
message, and then delete it from your system.  Thank you.
For more information on McDERMOTT, WILL & EMERY please visit our website at:
I'm not sure if Carol's request ever made it to you - she is asking for a 
flat panel monitor - approved.
Carol St Clair
03/13/2001 09:12 AM
Holly:
Could you please check into the status of this request?  Thanks.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Carol St Clair
01/11/2001 08:31 AM
Holly:
I'm not sure if this request has been processed b y Taffy, but could you 
please check with her about this?  Thanks.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Carol St Clair
01/08/2001 10:53 AM
Mark:
Taffy indicated that I needed to end you an e-mail requesting the new type of 
computer.  Could you please order one for me?  Thanks.
Carol St. Clair
EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@
Thanks for your note - here is the form.  I think we should be able to find 
someone internally so let's at least try that first.
I have canceled my earlier plans so I have a lot of flexibility now.  If my 
preference enters into the equation, I would say 2 or 6 August would be 
perfect (I could tack a holiday on to one end or the other) but I recognize 
that may be too late.
Tracy Foy
07/01/99 05:17 AM
Justin has informed me that your preference would be 22/23 July.  Is 26th 
July a possibility for you??
Thanks.
.
Tracy Foy - 44 171 970 7374
Mary - here are the confirms I mentioned.
Mike - can you send us a red-lined version from the original Annex A form?
Michael A Robison
03/13/2001 03:35 PM
Mark:
Per our discussion.
Thanks,
Mike
EB3847
(713) 853-6667 DID
(713) 646-4842 FAX
Michael A Robison
03/13/2001 12:03 PM
Mike:
Please find attached slightly revised Swap Agreements which are redlined for 
your review.  Sorry for the confusion. 
Thanks,
Mike
EB3847
(713) 853-6667 DID
(713) 646-4842 FAX
Let's look at the internal candidates first.
Molly Magee/ENRON@Xgate
03/13/2001 03:42 PM
Thanks, Mark.  We will post it right away.  Do you want it posted internally 
only for a week or so, or do you just want to consider the internal 
candidates first?
Molly
Thanks for your note - here is the form.  I think we should be able to find 
someone internally so let's at least try that first.
It's OK to open AIG Energy Trading Inc. for US financial gas & power.
I'll be out the 26th but in the 27th - the afternoon would probably be better 
for me since it will be my first day back after vacation.
Sami Arap@
03/14/2001 08:45 AM
Mark and Brent;
I will be in Houston on March 26 and 27 (returning to Brazil on the 28th If you think it would be appropriate to discuss any of the EOL-Brazilissues, 
please let me know if you will be available in any of these days.
Rgds,
Sami
OK
Lisa Lees
03/13/2001 03:39 PM
The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product types US 
Residual Fuel Oil 1% Fin Spd and US Residual Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd.  Credit 
(Tom Moran) has approved copying the profiles for the new product types from 
the following:
US Oil LSFO Fin Swap
Please respond by 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 14.
Thank you.  Lisa
Chris Walker
03/13/2001 10:46 AM
Your review and approval of the following 2 product types in the EOL 
Datamanager is needed (for directions on approval , please see steps for 
approval at the bottom of this e-mail)
Trader:  Sarah Mulholland
US Residual Fuel Oil 1% Fin Spd
US Residual Fuel Oil 3% Fin Spd
STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
click the  START button 
select  PROGRAMS
select  TEST APPLICATIONS
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD 
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button  
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved")
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up 
TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"
Thought you might be interested in this message that went out to all Enron=20
employees.
=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
=09Sent by: Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
=0903/13/2001 04:17 PM
=09=09=20
California=01,s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several=20
months.  Unfortunately, this debate has generated more heat than light.  We=20
want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis. =20
Please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation=20
and our position on California energy issues.
What happened in California
The source of California=01,s current problem is as straightforward as supply=20
and demand.  California=01,s economy grew 29 percent since 1998.  This increased=20
the demand for electricity by 24 percent.  At the same time, regulatory=20
restrictions prevented new generation from getting built in the state.  So=20
demand grew but regulations prevented supplies from being added.  The result,=20
predictably, is a shortage.  This summer, peak capacity will be about 10=20
percent shy of peak demand, leading to further blackouts in the state.
In addition to the supply and demand imbalance, there are two other related=20
factors that led to the current crisis.  First, the state=01,s regulations=20
forced all sales and purchases into the spot market.  The spot market for=20
power is extraordinarily volatile.  The way firms behave in a free market=20
when faced with such volatility is to construct a portfolio of purchases long=20
term, medium term and short term, to reduce exposure to this volatility.  In=20
California, state regulation prevented this strategy.  This would be the=20
equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the=20
most volatile interest rate environment imaginable.  Everything was fine=20
while the power surplus persisted, but when shortages ensued, every megawatt=20
was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price.
Second, retail markets were not deregulated.  Regulated retail rates remained=20
in effect, and stranded cost recovery charges were structured to keep=20
competition out.  This meant that utilities were forced to pay high wholesale=20
prices in the spot market but were only able to recover costs at the=20
regulated retail rate.  They are now nearly bankrupt.
In short, California=01,s problems were caused by regulation, not deregulation. =20
Regulations prevented competitors from entering the market, prevented new=20
generation from being built, and prevented prudent hedging against volatile=20
spot prices.
At the time California was developing its restructuring plan, Enron warned=20
the state=01,s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives, which,=20
if adopted, would have averted the current crisis.
Enron=01,s Role
Many political leaders in the state have elected to fix blame rather than fix=20
the problem.  Power sellers, including Enron, have been vilified by the=20
politicians and the media.  Here are the facts:
? Other than a small amount of wind power, Enron is not a generator in the=20
state of California.  Every megawatt we sold in California we bought in the=20
same market available to other California purchasers.  Because we are a=20
market maker, not a generator, we are not biased toward high prices.  We are=20
interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products=20
for our customers.
? As a seller to end-use markets in the state, we provided protection from=20
the problems the states=01, utilities, and their customers, now face.  We=20
protected, and still protect, our customers from price volatility.
You may have read that EES recently elected to have the utilities supply=20
power directly to its customers in California instead of procuring power on=20
the open market.  Early reports mischaracterized this as a =01&turnback=018 of our=20
customers to the utilities.  Here are the facts:
? As a result of a variety of factors existing in the current California=20
market, it made more sense for EES to source power for its customers directly=20
from the utilities.  This decision reduced EES=01,s market price risk by=20
allowing EES to access lower utility rates.
? EES did not terminate any customer contracts, and our customers continue to=20
receive the financial benefits of their contract prices.
? EES is continuing to work with its California customers to provide them=20
with other energy-related products and services, including assistance in=20
reducing the demand for power, particularly at peak times.
Enron is currently proposing solutions to help California work out of its=20
crisis; Enron continues to sign up customers in the state; and Enron=20
continues to actively manage its risks and capture opportunities in Western=20
power markets.  Enron=01,s primary business is managing risk for our customers=20
with solutions customized to meet their needs.  There has never been more=20
demand for our products and services.
The Solution
The solution to California=01,s crisis is also straightforward.  In summary, the=20
state must increase supply, reduce demand, reduce reliance on the spot market=20
and shore up the financial stability of the state=01,s utilities.
Increasing Supply
California=01,s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing=20
short of Byzantine.  Enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less=20
than a year.  In California, it often takes 5 to 7 years.  California simply=20
must streamline this process.  Ironically, while many of the regulations=20
generators must overcome are aimed at improving environmental quality, the=20
regulations are preventing new clean technology from coming online and=20
displacing current plants, which emit 40 times as much NOx.  California can=20
have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new=20
facilities.
Reducing Demand
Customers in California today have no incentive to reduce or shift demand. =20
They pay the same rate no matter what the market price is.  An open retail=20
market would trigger demand responses, which would balance supply and demand=20
at lower prices than today.  California should fully open its retail market.
Reducing Reliance on the Spot Market
In a truly deregulated market, customers would protect themselves from=20
volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer=20
term, fixed-price basis.  The state has instead left procurement in the hands=20
of the utilities, which it has forced to buy exclusively in the spot market. =20
Opening the market at the retail level will give customers control over their=20
price risk.
Restoring the Financial Integrity of the State=01,s Institutions
The utilities in California are not paying their bills.  This has led to=20
greater uncertainty in the market, higher costs, and reduced flexibility to=20
arrive at lasting solutions.  California must permit its utilities to recover=20
their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and=20
distribution assets necessary to get power from where it is to where it is=20
needed.
Just as important as doing these things, the state must avoid policies that,=20
while politically attractive, do not fix the problem or even make matters=20
worse.  Price caps have been proposed.  They don=01,t work; have never worked;=20
and they will not work here.  Price caps succeed only in creating shortages,=20
which then have to be allocated among competing users.  Imagine how=20
ineffectively the government would be in determining, for example, whether it=20
is better to make its limited power supplies available to the Imperial Valley=20
or Silicon Valley.  Price caps are a surefire way to make the current=20
shortage worse.
The state has also proposed to take over generation and transmission in=20
California.  There is no reason to believe, and every reason to doubt, that=20
the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in,=20
constructing, operating and maintaining assets.  This will also result in=20
California tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power=20
generation -- which the private sector can do -- instead of education, roads=20
and other public goods -- which the private sector cannot do.
As you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the=20
crisis from the media, it=01,s important for you to know this:  We at Enron will=20
continue to serve our customers and we will continue to propose real=20
solutions to the state. 
That works for me - Brent & I are both on 38 - my office is 3892.
Sami Arap@
03/14/2001 10:57 AM
Can we meet around 3:30pm on Tuesday, the 27th ?  Please let me know your 
office location.
Rgds,
Sami
I am available after 3 P.M. on the 27th.
Sami Arap
03/14/2001 09:16 AM
Let me know what time in the afternoon works out well for you and I will pay 
you guys a quick visit.
I'll be out the 26th but in the 27th - the afternoon would probably be better 
for me since it will be my first day back after vacation.
Sami Arap@
03/14/2001 08:45 AM
Mark and Brent;
I will be in Houston on March 26 and 27 (returning to Brazil on the 28th If you think it would be appropriate to discuss any of the EOL-Brazilissues, 
please let me know if you will be available in any of these days.
Rgds,
Sami
Mark Taylor
03/13/2001 03:31 PM
Thanks for your note - here is the form.  I think we should be able to find 
someone internally so let's at least try that first.
Sorry for the delay - the general rule is that we will pay for a reasonable 
usage plan (huge numbers of minutes don't count as reasonable) but the phone 
itself is your own.
Keegan Farrell@
03/05/2001 09:01 AM
Good Morning!
Mark,
I am in the process of obtaining a cellular phone for Cheryl Nelson.  I have 
heard mixed information as to whether the company pays for the actual phone, 
or just the service.  Would you mind clarifying what your procedure for the 
reimbursement of the cel phones.  At this point, I am believing that the 
company will only pay for the service, not the phone itself.  Thanks for your 
attention.  Keegan, 5-3317
Janice R Moore
03/14/2001 04:31 PM
Tracy
Just wanted to let you know that I"ll be working on the physical power side 
and Sara Shackleton will be working on the ISDA side of this deal, so when 
you get the info ready, you can send it to us directly.  Thanks.
,
Janice
EB3811
I don't think we should take this at face value -  company the size of Sunoco 
should be able to use an ISDA.
Rod, Marie, and Debra:
We would appreciate your assistance in setting up a master swap and master 
physical with Sunoco.  They would like to use an industrial form instead of 
the ISDA.  The contacts at Sunoco are Robin Brown at 215-977-3759 and Maria 
Sanone.
I would appreciate it if you would put this as a high priority since the 
holiday weekend is coming up.  Please call me at X 35638 if you have any 
questions. 
Thanks,
Nicole
Tracy Ngo
03/14/2001 04:26 PM
I'm waiting on Merrill to verify the transactions.  I will advise.  Thanks I'm already working with Joe Hunter in financial confirms and Rhonda Denton 
re. the physical power transactions.
Thanks,
Tracy
Janice R Moore
03/14/2001 02:31 PM
Tracy
Just wanted to let you know that I"ll be working on the physical power side 
and Sara Shackleton will be working on the ISDA side of this deal, so when 
you get the info ready, you can send it to us directly.  Thanks.
,
Janice
EB3811
William S Bradford/ENRON@Xgate
03/14/2001 06:14 PM
Although we are still waiting on information from Merrill Lynch, Cliff Baxter 
has asked that we make every effort to meet Merrill's deadline (tomorrow) for 
relationship reasons 
Thanks for the effort.
Bill
I'm waiting on Merrill to verify the transactions.  I will advise.  Thanks I'm already working with Joe Hunter in financial confirms and Rhonda Denton 
re. the physical power transactions.
Thanks,
Tracy
Janice R Moore
03/14/2001 02:31 PM
Tracy
Just wanted to let you know that I"ll be working on the physical power side 
and Sara Shackleton will be working on the ISDA side of this deal, so when 
you get the info ready, you can send it to us directly.  Thanks.
,
Janice
EB3811
I guess it looks OK to me.  I'm surprised that they will have the ability to 
identify their own company as a counterparty.  Don't we limit the companies 
they can designate to those already signed up to trade on EnronOnline 
David Forster@
03/15/2001 08:19 AM
Mark,
There is a new message to add to the set you previously reviewed, covering 
the case where a broker tries to transact when identifying their own company 
as the counterparty:
Failure Reason: Cannot Complete Transaction to Broker Company
Text Body: The requested Transaction has not completed as the Counterparty 
identified for the transaction attempt is your own company.  For further 
information or to request a change in status, please contact us.
I have passed this text along for incorporation (we have very tight timelines 
as we are hoping to go live tomorrow night).
If you have any significant concerns about the above, let me know so we can 
change it.
Thanks,
Dave
FYI
=09exchangeinfo@nymex.com
=0903/14/2001 11:59 AM
=09=09=20
Notice No. 01-91
March 14, 2001
TO:
All New York Mercantile Exchange Members
FROM:
Neal Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Exchange Selects GlobalView Software Inc. c for enymexsm Customer Interface=20
Infrastructure
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., and GlobalView Software Inc., a=20
provider of software solutions and integrated information for the commodities=20
markets, announced today that GlobalView Software will develop the=20
infrastructure for the enymexsm customer interface.
enymexsm is the Exchange=01,s e-commerce venture that is intended to become the=20
premier global exchange for trading and clearing a wide range of standardized=20
physical commodity contracts, with an initial focus in the energy market.
As the key element of their infrastructure solution, GlobalView Software is=20
providing MarketViewc, their new web-enabled product which provides an=20
overall framework for market information integration, delivery, and display. =20
MarketView will host the enymexsm trading and administration functions and=20
will interface with and complement the Kiodex Trade EngineTM, the trade=20
matching engine for the system.
The Exchange and GlobalView Software have further agreed to co-market=20
GlobalView Software=01,s software tools and data services as enhancements to a=20
basic set of tools that will be available to enymexsm participants.  These=20
products will provide extensive analytical functionality as well as access to=20
a broad array of commodities market information to support enymexsm customers=20
in their trading decisions.
enymexsm, which will be launched in the second quarter of 2001, will provide=20
a neutral internet-based trading and clearing platform for energy and metals=20
products that were previously limited to over-the-counter markets where=20
participants are exposed to counterparty credit risk.  The Exchange plans to=20
use its proven clearing infrastructure to introduce complete counterparty=20
risk management, and create net margining with traditional Exchange futures=20
markets by calculating a consolidated clearing position.
GlobalView Software Inc., based in Chicago, Illinois, with offices in=20
Houston, New York, London, and Singapore, is the industry leader in providing=20
fully integrated real-time and historical commodities market information=20
using the internet and PC-based systems.    GlobalView Software Inc.=01,s=20
products and services focus on helping customers optimize their use of=20
information by integrating that information into their enterprise-wide=20
solutions.  In addition to its signature desktop/network product,=20
GlobalViewc, and its internet-based product, EnergyView=01v, GlobalView Software=20
Inc. offers internet, intranet and portal solutions, data redistribution=20
services, customized software development, and integration services, as well=20
as extensive customer support and maintenance programs. For more information,=20
visit www.gvsi.com.
__________________________________________________
Marcus 
I understand you are the new physical power online lawyer - lucky you Here's one that the EOL people are anxious to get covered.  I'd be happy to 
sit down and go over exactly what all this means and you'll probably want to 
talk to Tana a bit as well.
Mark
Kevin Meredith@
03/15/2001 09:30 AM
Mark,
Please take a look at this and advise me as to how I could move this forward 
for a Monday release.
Kevin
SHARI STACK@ECT
03/13/2001 06:04 PM
Kevin- I apologize for not getting back with you on this. I don't know if you 
know but I have resigned from Enron and have only a few days left. I am 
swamped with a lot of other work and I have asked my boss, Elizabeth Sager, 
to appoint a new atty to handle EOL matters (until Leslie Hansen returns).
She can be reached on x36349.
Thanks,
Shari Stack
Kevin Meredith@
03/09/2001 10:52 AM
Please review the following attachment containing the proposed long 
description for the Physical Power Spread requested by Sean Crandall.  Sean 
has reviewed and approved the language for use on his product.  I will be 
setting this product up for testing once I receive word back from you.
Thank you.
Kevin
Shari Stack has resigned but Marcus Nettelton has been appointed to take over 
from the physical power side.  I'll sit down with him today and get him up to 
speed.
Andy Zipper/ENRON@Xgate
03/15/2001 09:02 AM
Do you know anything about this ? Do you think we will be in shape to lanuch 
these on Monday ?
We should have the first one out Monday if we can get legal to sign off. 
Apparently the person handling long descriptions for physical products quit 
and we have no replacement to look at the descriptions.
Savita
Where are we on this ?
I think the "sm" is their attempt to designate "enymex" as a service mark.
=09Andy Zipper/ENRON@Xgate
=0903/15/2001 08:53 AM
=09=09=20
what exactly is an "enymexsm 
FYI
Notice No. 01-91
March 14, 2001
TO:
All New York Mercantile Exchange Members
FROM:
Neal Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Exchange Selects GlobalView Software Inc. c for enymexsm Customer Interface=20
Infrastructure
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., and GlobalView Software Inc., a=20
provider of software solutions and integrated information for the commodities=20
markets, announced today that GlobalView Software will develop the=20
infrastructure for the enymexsm customer interface.
enymexsm is the Exchange=01,s e-commerce venture that is intended to become the=20
premier global exchange for trading and clearing a wide range of standardized=20
physical commodity contracts, with an initial focus in the energy market.
As the key element of their infrastructure solution, GlobalView Software is=20
providing MarketViewc, their new web-enabled product which provides an=20
overall framework for market information integration, delivery, and display. =20
MarketView will host the enymexsm trading and administration functions and=20
will interface with and complement the Kiodex Trade EngineTM, the trade=20
matching engine for the system.
The Exchange and GlobalView Software have further agreed to co-market=20
GlobalView Software=01,s software tools and data services as enhancements to a=20
basic set of tools that will be available to enymexsm participants.  These=20
products will provide extensive analytical functionality as well as access to=20
a broad array of commodities market information to support enymexsm customers=20
in their trading decisions.
enymexsm, which will be launched in the second quarter of 2001, will provide=20
a neutral internet-based trading and clearing platform for energy and metals=20
products that were previously limited to over-the-counter markets where=20
participants are exposed to counterparty credit risk.  The Exchange plans to=20
use its proven clearing infrastructure to introduce complete counterparty=20
risk management, and create net margining with traditional Exchange futures=20
markets by calculating a consolidated clearing position.
GlobalView Software Inc., based in Chicago, Illinois, with offices in=20
Houston, New York, London, and Singapore, is the industry leader in providing=20
fully integrated real-time and historical commodities market information=20
using the internet and PC-based systems.    GlobalView Software Inc.=01,s=20
products and services focus on helping customers optimize their use of=20
information by integrating that information into their enterprise-wide=20
solutions.  In addition to its signature desktop/network product,=20
GlobalViewc, and its internet-based product, EnergyView=01v, GlobalView Software=20
Inc. offers internet, intranet and portal solutions, data redistribution=20
services, customized software development, and integration services, as well=20
as extensive customer support and maintenance programs. For more information,=20
visit www.gvsi.com.
__________________________________________________
Jim will fill in when Tom isn't here - I'll figure out a way to get him the 
key, etc.
The next step is for Chad to contact the Credit Group in RAC.  They will do 
the credit analysis and send a  credit worksheet to the Swap Group paralegals 
who will prepare the first draft, run it by a lawyer and get it ready for the 
customer.
John Viverito@
03/15/2001 11:21 AM
Mark-
As you can see from Chad's e-mail below, Irving Oil is interested in entering 
into an ISDA with us.  Please let us know, who will be assigned to prepare 
the documentation.
Thanks,
John
John Viverito
Phone (713) 345-7814
Fax       (713) 646-3490
e-mail John.Viverito@
Chad South
03/15/2001 10:42 AM
Per our conversation we have agreed to enter into an ISDA with Irving Oil We suggested that Enron originate the documents to expedite the process What should be my next step for this?  Thanks.
Chad South
31730
I tend to agree with you, but Nora Dobin is the lawyer who knows the most 
about the DealBench system - you should probably check with her.
Chris Gaffney
03/15/2001 01:37 PM
Certain of my commercial folks have asked if they are able to access 
Dealbench which requires a point and click acceptance of the site access 
agreement.  As dealbench is an Enron site I think it is okay for us to agree 
and access the site; however, I wanted to know if you know of anything 
unusual about the site or access thereto.
CJG
I have the feeling that Koch finally decided to consolidate their financial 
trading with us into Koch Energy Trading.  They recently did a trade with our 
coal desk between ECT and Koch Carbon Inc.  Do we have a contact in legal (or 
elsewhere) at Koch we should call to see if they are willing to use Koch 
Energy Trading?
Looks good to me.
Susan Flynn
07/01/99 03:21 PM
Mark - I would like to take Monday, August 30, 1999 through Friday, 
September 3, 1999 as vacation.  Please let me know if this meets with your 
approval.   Thank you. 
=09Mark Taylor
=0903/15/2001 08:51 AM
=09=09=20
FYI
=09exchangeinfo@nymex.com
=0903/14/2001 11:59 AM
=09=09=20
Notice No. 01-91
March 14, 2001
TO:
All New York Mercantile Exchange Members
FROM:
Neal Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Exchange Selects GlobalView Software Inc. c for enymexsm Customer Interface=20
Infrastructure
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., and GlobalView Software Inc., a=20
provider of software solutions and integrated information for the commodities=20
markets, announced today that GlobalView Software will develop the=20
infrastructure for the enymexsm customer interface.
enymexsm is the Exchange=01,s e-commerce venture that is intended to become the=20
premier global exchange for trading and clearing a wide range of standardized=20
physical commodity contracts, with an initial focus in the energy market.
As the key element of their infrastructure solution, GlobalView Software is=20
providing MarketViewc, their new web-enabled product which provides an=20
overall framework for market information integration, delivery, and display. =20
MarketView will host the enymexsm trading and administration functions and=20
will interface with and complement the Kiodex Trade EngineTM, the trade=20
matching engine for the system.
The Exchange and GlobalView Software have further agreed to co-market=20
GlobalView Software=01,s software tools and data services as enhancements to a=20
basic set of tools that will be available to enymexsm participants.  These=20
products will provide extensive analytical functionality as well as access to=20
a broad array of commodities market information to support enymexsm customers=20
in their trading decisions.
enymexsm, which will be launched in the second quarter of 2001, will provide=20
a neutral internet-based trading and clearing platform for energy and metals=20
products that were previously limited to over-the-counter markets where=20
participants are exposed to counterparty credit risk.  The Exchange plans to=20
use its proven clearing infrastructure to introduce complete counterparty=20
risk management, and create net margining with traditional Exchange futures=20
markets by calculating a consolidated clearing position.
GlobalView Software Inc., based in Chicago, Illinois, with offices in=20
Houston, New York, London, and Singapore, is the industry leader in providing=20
fully integrated real-time and historical commodities market information=20
using the internet and PC-based systems.    GlobalView Software Inc.=01,s=20
products and services focus on helping customers optimize their use of=20
information by integrating that information into their enterprise-wide=20
solutions.  In addition to its signature desktop/network product,=20
GlobalViewc, and its internet-based product, EnergyView=01v, GlobalView Software=20
Inc. offers internet, intranet and portal solutions, data redistribution=20
services, customized software development, and integration services, as well=20
as extensive customer support and maintenance programs. For more information,=20
visit www.gvsi.com.
__________________________________________________
I suggest you work through Matthew Dawson in the London legal department They should be able to help you.
Angeline Poon
03/16/2001 12:22 AM
Hi Mark
I would be grateful if you could please let us know which paralegal has been 
assigned to assist in the matter 
We have just signed an ISDA Master Agreement with Caltex Trading Pte Ltd and 
Many thanks
Angie
Matthias Lee
11/22/2000 10:47 AM
Hi Mark
Please let me know which paralegal has been assigned to assist in this 
matter. Thanks.
Matt
I have passed your request to Mark Taylor to assign to another paralegal.  I 
no longer handle the day to day swap work, I am working on Online 
predominately now.  By copy of this email, I will ask Mark to let you know 
what paralegal he has assigned this to.
Angeline Poon
11/15/2000 03:25 AM
Hi Tana -
We are trying to put in place an ISDA Master Agreement between Enron 
I have prepared the following documents but not sure if they are most up to 
date:
1. Certificate of Assistant Secretary
2. Certificate of Secretary
3. Unanimous Consent of Directors (this is incomplete cos I am not sure of 
the part starting from RESOLVED 
Is there any other documents that I have missed out?  Would appreciate your 
help and guidance whether I have done the above correctly.  If there is 
anything incorrect, please guide me accordingly.
Many thanks
Angie
I will be on vacation from Monday the 19th through Monday the 26th (returning 
to the office on Tuesday the 27th).  My cell phone and pager will not work 
either at sea or in the countries I will be visiting.  I can be reached via 
Maritime Communications Network at (877)225-7447 - you will need to give my 
name and the name of the ship - Celebration.  Since the rates are around $10 
per minute, I don't plan to check my voicemail as often as usual but will 
call in when in port.
I don't know anything about the Daishowa transaction but have to wonder why 
this information could be relevant to much of anything not directly related 
to EnronOnline.  To the extent we can't avoid disclosing it, I would think 
that the traders in Calgary will know how many of them trade using the 
system.  If that doesn't work I would try Savita Puthigai (x31787) or David 
Forster (x31861) on the EnronOnline team.
Peter Keohane
03/16/2001 11:36 AM
Chris, I think Mark is the person to ask, or Mark can refer you to the right 
commercial person.  I assume Investment Canada wants to know how many traders 
in Canada trade on EOL?  I also assume that this might in fact be a 
confidential matter that should not be disclosed and which should be 
irreleveant to an ICA application for the Daishowa transaction.  In any 
event, why is del Vecchio not dealing with this?
I have been asked to confirm this as it will form part of the Daishowa 
acquition Investment Canada Act filing.  I am advised that the filing will be 
confidential so I do not think it should be an issue.  Do you take any issue 
with this?  And if not, do you know who would know the answer?
CJG
"Alan Diner"  	03/16/2001 10:55 AM
Approximately ____ employees of Enron Canada Corp. work as traders under the 
EnronOnline internet-based trading platform in the natural gas and 
electricity sectors.
David 
I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but thought I ought to send it on 
to you.  I will be out of the office (vacation) until the 27th and didn't 
want to lose the entire week.
Mark
ps - I lost all of my voice mails the other day and I think there was one 
from you regarding a possible conflict - my understanding is that we're just 
assigning a bunch of transactions over from one party to another and in that 
case I tend to think there's no problem.
Carlos Alatorre@
03/13/2001 07:04 PM
Mark,
Please find attached a first Draft of a suggested outline for the Amendment 
to the ETA for having 3rd Party Pipelines posting prices on EnronOnline. 
Please let me know your comments and how you want to proceed.
Thanks
Carlos
I have not yet done the performance reviews for several people in the group They are due by the 28th.  Please schedule 45 min. for me with each of Sara, 
Mary, Brent, Carol and Bob Bruce on Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday morning.
I'll certainly take them if nobody else does.
Janette Elbertson
03/28/2001 05:10 PM
Mark Haedicke has four tickets to the Rockets Vs. Phoenix game.  The tickets 
will be given away on a first-come, first-served basis.  Please reply by 
e-mail.
Janette Elbertson
"Gillian N. Lash"  	03/30/2001 09:22 AM
We understand that you will be attending the ISDA Annual Meeting next
week, as will be Mark Sisitsky, Ed Nalbantian, Glenn Arden and Kent
Killelea of Jones Day.  On behalf of the entire firm, we would like to
invite you to stop by for a drink at our Washington office at 51 Louisiana
Avenue, N.W., on Wednesday, April 4 between 6:00-7:30 p.m.
We are located with a few blocks of the Library of Congress, so feel
free to stop by for a few minutes on your way to the reception there.
Weather permitting, the party will be held on our roofdeck.  The
receptionists will be able to direct you.
For those of you staying at the OMNI Shoreham, we will also leave
invitations for you at the hotel.  If you have any questions, please call
Kent Killelea at Jones Day's Washington office at (202) 879-3448.
We   all on April 4!
information that may be confidential, be protected by the attorney-client
or other applicable privileges, or constitute non-public information.  It
is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If you are
not an intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender by
replying to this message and then delete it from your system.  Use,
dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this message by unintended
recipients is not authorized and may be unlawful.
"Gillian N. Lash"  	03/30/2001 10:02 AM
An attempt was made to extend the cocktail party invitation to Jeffrey
Skilling but his message was returned undeliverable.  Apparently, we do not
have his current e-mail address.
We would appreciate it if you would let him know about our party.
Thank you!
information that may be confidential, be protected by the attorney-client
or other applicable privileges, or constitute non-public information.  It
is intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If you are
not an intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender by
replying to this message and then delete it from your system.  Use,
dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this message by unintended
recipients is not authorized and may be unlawful.
I hadn't heard from you in a while - just wondered how you were.
Any chance you're attending again this year?  It would be nice to catch up.
Kevin Meredith@
04/02/2001 10:42 AM
Mark,
I have attached two word documents for your review, both of which contain the 
two long descriptions.  The document with filename TAS Descriptions most 
likely will be two new product types.  The other document (Nymex-GC Spreads) 
shows the long descriptions for the existing product type US HeatOil2 Fin 
Spread and US UNL Fin Spread.  We will create a new index for each of these 
product types that will be the Nymex vs Gulf Coast prices for the commodity Savita has reviewed each of these documents and her only concern is how we 
capture the "Trade Date" for the TAS products.  These products have been 
requested by Larry Gagliardi, Phil Clifford, and John Wilson.  Please let me 
know your thoughts.
Thank you.
Kevin
I highlighted the items I am concerned about (hard copy in your tray please check and make sure they make sense for us to pay.
Holly Keiser@_DEVELOPMENT
04/02/2001 05:35 PM
fyi 
Holly Keiser
Enron Americas
Legal Department - EB 3887
713-345-7893 (ph)
713-646-3490 (fx)
Holly.Keiser@
Vivian Nguyen/ENRON@Xgate
04/02/2001 05:34 PM
Holly,
Please let me know of any reclasses by the deadline date.
Thank you,
Vivian
5-3995
Sounds like a great idea.  a couple of questions:
Can we convert the draft into cash and still maintain our security interest If not, can we get the bank to somehow guarantee that the funds will be there 
- in the US that would require either certification by the bank of the 
customer's draft or the issuance of an actual bank or cashier's check.
Peter Keohane
04/02/2001 07:02 PM
Greg Johnston may have a solution to the limitation on Canadian cash 
collateral.  Without getting into detail, a security interest in an 
"instrument" can be perfected by possession under the Personal Property 
Security Act, and an "instrument" includes a bank draft.  If counterparties 
were to provide bank drafts on the same terms as they provide LCs we could 
rely on perfection by possession.  Is this something we should investigate 
further?  Peter.
Yes - Thanks!
Thanks for the message back - I'll see you Friday!
How does this process usually start?
Jeffrey T Hodge
04/10/2001 01:42 PM
Mark:
I think this falls in your area.
Jeff
John Swafford/ENRON@Xgate
04/06/2001 01:08 PM
Jeff:   As we discussed, ENA Upstream Company, LLC will be trading wellhead 
gas and will need to hedge its risks with Risk Management Trading ("RMT Accordingly, ENA Upstream needs to enter into a Master Swap Agreement with 
RMT.   This ENA Upstream/RMT Master Swap Agreement will have term and 
conditions similar to the current ENA/RMT Master Swap Agreement.   Would you 
please have someone in your group draft the ENA Upstream/RMT Master Swap 
Agreement.   ENA Upstream has begun trading and needs to be this agreement in 
place as soon as conveniently possible.   Please let me know if you have 
questions or need additional information.   Thanks, John 
I think it's a nice idea.
Mary Cook
04/10/2001 10:25 AM
Can we send Stephanie, Susan and Tana each some flowers on Friday (Panus will 
be back) as a thank you for the extra work they are doing (and will do) in 
Samantha's absence?  I think it would be a moral booster and a good way to 
say thanks.  If yes, can Holly coordinate?
Thanks.
Holly, please touch base with me if Mark approves before you arrange the 
flowers.
Cordially,
Mary Cook
Lance Schuler-Legal
04/11/2001 01:17 PM
W. Lance Schuler
Darlene C Forsyth/ENRON@Xgate
04/11/2001 08:23 AM
David Barbour, Andrews & Kurth, with the assistance of Enron representatives 
from Global Finance Commercial, Legal, Accounting, and Tax, will make a 
presentation on the Hawaii 125/140 Structure on Monday, April 30th, from 
11:30 - 1:00, in EB 30C1.
Please feel free to extend an invitation to whomever in your Group who may 
benefit from this presentation.
Please RSVP to Leslie Linares at x 57730 or by email, by Thursday, April 27, 
as lunch will be served.
Thanks, 
Darlene
Chris -
Looks OK to me.
Chris Walker
04/11/2001 01:49 PM
Mark,
Pete Keavey has requested a new internal only product for EnronOnline.  The 
only difference from the current NYMEX products will be that it is internal 
only.  Please see the current description:
US Gas Swap ENA  Nymex                   May01           USD/MM
Thanks,
CW
3-7533
Sorry about that Vance - I just missed it.  I don't see any problems here 
either.
Vance Meyer@
04/12/2001 04:29 PM
Hey Mark 
I sent this note on March 23 while you were out of the office.  Robert Jones 
is fine with this opportunity and I just want to double check that you're ok 
also 
Thanks
Vance Meyer
Gentlemen 
The background on this message from Greg relates to his potential involvement 
in an advisory board for Internet Week magazine.  Essentially, this means 
that Greg would attend a couple of meetings per year and participate in a 
handful of telephone conversations all aimed at helping the editors at 
InternetWeek calibrate themselves in terms of what's important and what's not 
in the technology world.  Here are the advantages I see:
Greg gets to work with several high-level CTO's and technology CEO's who also 
participate on the board.  This is good exposure for our plans to provide IT 
services as a business.
Good exposure in terms of IT recruiting.  The more high-profile places we 
are, the better.
Good media relations and the potential for us to track editorial thought in 
the technology world.
Philippe had originally planned to do it, but I think we're concluding that 
it's a perfect place for Greg to be as part of his efforts to put new 
origination activities in motion 
From my PR perch, I see no conflicts but Greg is right to suggest that we run 
it by you first.  Ok with you?
Vance Meyer
Director, Media Relations
Vance Meyer, Enron Corp.
(713) 345 4459
Greg Piper/ENRON@Xgate
03/23/2001 08:26 AM
I am fine with it.  Talk to Robert Jones in HR and Mark Taylor in legal to 
make sure we understand my committment and that it doesn't conflict with any 
Enron policy, etc. before you do it.
Thanks.
GP
Greg 
If you have talked with Philippe and are comfortable with the Internet Week 
advisory board opportunity, I'd like to send them your bio and lock it in.  I 
have a copy of your bio from Kal.
Let me know, and we'll push the button.
Thanks
Vance
Vance Meyer, Enron Corp.
(713) 345 4459
Erica 
I have no legal objections to the presentation.  I do have to wonder if it is 
wise from a commercial perspective to so heavily emphasize the importance of 
the success of EnronOnline to the company's business on the platform itself.
Mark
Mark Greenberg@
04/11/2001 05:06 PM
Mark -
Do you want me to look at this or should you 
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
Erica Bess
04/10/2001 11:03 AM
Mark,
I have attached new audio and new slides of Jeff Skilling's Enron Overview 
presentation to be reviewed by Legal before being posted on the EnronOnline 
site.  We would like to post this new presentation as soon as possible 
because the existing one is rather dated (it was done last September).
<--- This is a Windows Media Player file  
The existing presentation (if you'd like to see it for comparison) is at 
- click on Presentations Enron Overview in the left-hand navigation.
This is Skilling's "standard" presentation, so there is nothing in it which 
has not already been presented publicly before.
Please let me know if these files have your approval for the EnronOnline 
site, or contact me if you have any questions or comments.
Thanks,
Erica Bess Duncan
x3-5159
Here's a draft of the bullet points you requested:
I found this on a sailing magazine web page:
An acquaintance who is a professor of literature at Stanford brought Patrick 
O'Brian to my attention, claiming him to be the finest living author writing 
in the English language. Being an avid reader who had consumed about 
everything including, of course, all of Forster's Hornblower books, I had my 
doubts. But after an increasingly mesmerizing reading of all of the sixteen 
O'Brian Aubrey/Maturin novels then in print with ever mounting captivation 
and awe, I wholeheartedly concurred. After a second reading of the entire 
series which revealed to me previously undiscovered depths and glories I felt 
compelled to pay down the debt I owed this author for the wonderful, 
life-enriching experience he had given me. Since O'Brian obviously loved the 
sea, it occurred to me to write offering him a fortnight's cruse aboard my 
Perini ketch, the 154 foot Andromeda la Dea, for himself and his friends 
without any interfering presence from myself. 
I asked Danielle Steel if she thought O'Brian would be offended by receiving 
such a letter and her interesting reply was, "I get about 20,000 letters per 
year from readers and I have yet to receive a single one offering to do 
anything for me - he will be delighted even if age and circumstances prevent 
him from accepting." So I wrote via his publisher, having literally no idea 
where in the world he lived, and after some forwarding delay I received his 
handwritten reply, in his fine and precise penmanship, saying "I accept your 
kind offer with perhaps obscene haste."
As Mr. O'Brian was to give a lecture tour of the United States in early 1995 
that included San Francisco, I invited him to dinner the week of his visit 
and I first saw him in person when I attended his lecture in Herbst Hall. His 
host was the poet laureate of America (Robert Haas). I was both charmed and 
alarmed when introduced to O'Brian's lightening quick wit and rather acerbic 
manner. 
The following evening he and his wife, Mary, came to my house in Belvedere 
for a 'literary' dinner with admirers and one or two other authors. Mr. 
O'Brian was utterly charming, if perhaps a little aloof. He took tremendous 
interest in an Admiralty Board (dockyard) model I have of an English First 
Rater of 1702. He understood everything about that ship and greatly augmented 
my own knowledge. After the other guests departed, we settled into a series 
of brandies by the fire and I discovered: 1) his capacity for serious 
drinking greatly exceeded my own; 2) his reserve only eased very slightly in 
the presence of this unknown American (me) and; 3) his knowledge of the 
practical aspects of sailing seemed, amazingly, almost nil.
After a half liter of cognac had vanished (and we were still calling each 
other Mr. O'Brian and Mr. Perkins), I produced a chart of the Mediterranean 
and we began to discuss the agenda for his cruise. 
I had learned that the O'Brians' home was in Collioure, a village on the 
Mediterranean coast of France just north of the Spanish border, in Basque 
country. The harbor of Port Vendres lies nearby, where Andromeda could pick 
all of them up. O'Brian then suggested a cruise circumnavigating Sicily, a 
stop in Greece, dropping by Beirut and winding up with a comprehensive tour 
of the Balearic islands. I was stunned! How, I wondered, could this old salt 
possibly comprehend a tour of over 3,000 nautical miles with numerous port 
calls, in only 14 days in a yacht capable of only about 12 knots? 
As I began to explain the physical limitations of time and space he added a 
desire to drop the hook in Naples, Capri and Tangiers as well. While I could 
not reconcile this plan with reality, I assumed it was the wine in control 
and then I was both startled and pleased when he added at the evening's end 
that he had a major non-negotiable condition to accepting my offer; namely 
that I personally would join him, Mary and their guests aboard my yacht. 
?
In May 1995, as the departure date appoached, I had a rough time getting 
Andromeda to the tiny and picturesque Port Vendres in time to pick them up. 
Every time I have been in the Gulf of Lions, I have been pasted and this was 
one of the worst. Andromeda broke her inner forestay and lost all 
telecommunication as well, but after a real dusting we made it and O'Brian 
and Mary showed me around the village and offered a lunch at their modest and 
charming home. He took tremendous pride in his wine made from his own grapes, 
pressed and fermented in barrels in his cellar. I was fascinated by his 
office, where the books were written. It was lined floor to ceiling with 
reference works on an array of subjects (botany, geography, zoology, 
medicine, etc.) in several languages, but not a single volume dated later 
than 1820. He was literally immersed in the period of his work. 
The following morning we were joined by his close friend, the scholar (and 
foremost authority on Peeps) Richard Ollard, his publisher Stuart Proffit and 
his agent Vivien Green. We finalized our itinerary with the decision to visit 
all the Balearic islands and O'Brian, somewhat wistfully, asked if an 
additional stop in Istanbul would not be possible? Told it was not, he 
boarded radiating the impression that I was something of an Indian giver, 
short-changing him on his yachting holiday.
Underway to Menorca beneath a sunny sky with a twenty knot following wind, 
the sailing was marvelous and O'Brian was delighted. I introduced him to the 
helm, but he seemed to have no feeling for the wind and the course, and 
frequently I had to intervene to prevent a full standing gybe. I began to 
suspect that his autobiographical references to his months at sea as a youth 
were fanciful. He had no idea of the limitations of even a big yacht like 
Andromeda in terms of the handling and actual distance we could cover in a 
day. However, he and Mary adapted quickly to the yacht with no trace of 
seasickness. Mary, quiet, kind, interesting and interested, was wonderful to 
have aboard. However, she was very frail. They were both nearly 80 and I 
constantly feared she would take a tumble with the ship's motion, but 
thankfully this never occurred. 
Before dinner O'Brian asked me if I was familiar with an American drink 
called the martini and he tested my composition of two such killers with 
relish. All the conversations at the table were spirited and he was the 
center of the talk and controlled its direction totally. I found the level of 
sophistication and erudition of these people to be greater than any I had 
ever experienced, and when they turned to literary or historical contexts I 
was left far behind. My MIT engineer's degree had, alas, not prepared me for 
cultivated discourse at such a level. It was literally exhausting, but a 
marvel to follow. 
The weather continued to be fine and the next morning we were off Menorca. 
O'Brian suggested that we sail (sail, not motor) into the long narrow channel 
leading to the port of Mahon, the location of the first meeting between 
Aubrey and Maturin. This was pretty tricky for a boat of Andromeda's size, 
but I carried it off, happily, without mishap. We had an interesting 
afternoon ashore with O'Brian showing us about the old city with intense 
enthusiasm while also demonstrating his fluency in Catalan, the local tongue. 
That evening, while at dinner back aboard the yacht, he suggested for the 
first time that I call him Patrick and he would use Tom for me.
And so our cruise continued, with Patrick showing keen interest in 
everything; we fished with some success; we sailed every day; we visited the 
port of Ciudadela on Menorca and we sailed past the majestic Cape Formentor 
on the northeast tip of Mallorca where Patrick was entranced by the thousands 
of sea birds. Ornithology was his true passion as it was for his character 
Stephen Maturin, who is clearly modeled on Patrick's physique and personality.
?
One evening there was an extremely heated discussion around the table which 
led to hurt feelings requiring overnight to heal. It started with Patrick 
asking me if I had heard of a place, Indiana, and a school, the University of 
Indiana and did I think the school financially responsible? The University's 
English department had purchased (and not yet paid for) two or three of 
Patrick's manuscripts and had a professor offering a course on O'Brian which 
Patrick found intensely offensive. Patrick then mentioned that he was 
destroying all of his diaries, his journals and all of his correspondence so 
that no trace of his existence would remain save his novels. 
Richard Ollard was aghast, and Ms. Green was very upset with this quite 
startling revelation. Ollard said that it was a crime against the future and 
reminded Patrick that he himself had relied heavily on Pablo Picasso's 
letters when he had written a well-received biography of the artist. 
Patrick heatedly countered that Picasso had trusted him, but that he, 
Patrick, could not rely upon the goodwill of "some post-doctoral American 
fool." So the tension-filled discussion continued. The analogy of an artist 
framing his painting was raised; it was then complete and should not require 
either the support nor deserve the distraction of knowing the artist's frame 
of mind at the time of creation. 
Now, after Patrick's death, we understand some of his thinking. He was his 
own construct, born Patrick Russ, English not Irish, not university educated, 
not a sailor, a father who abandoned his family, and altogether a piece of 
his own fiction. But, that night aboard Andromeda, only Mary knew the truth 
and understood his deep motives.
The following day the unpleasantness passed with more superb sailing in fine 
Mediterranean weather. While under full sail with the huge MPS drawing in 
light wind, with our centerboard keel raised and guided by - as it turned out 
- an inaccurate Spanish chart, we decided to sail between the coast and a 
small island, and we ran firmly aground in shallow water. In the Med one 
can't simply wait for a higher tide, so we emptied all our fresh water tanks 
and tried to back off. No luck. I blew out the water in our centerboard trunk 
with compressed air, over ten tons. Still no luck. Finally, we tied a long 
hawser to a rock astern and, using our anchor windlass to bar-tight tension, 
we slowly worked our way off waggling to and fro with our bow thruster. 
Patrick was delighted with all these nautical operations. He nearly believed, 
I thought, that we had arranged the event for his entertainment. 
One morning at breakfast, after our friendship had become more firmly 
established, Patrick said, "Tom, I wish to ask you an embarrassing question 
which will reveal my utter and total ignorance of all things in this modern 
world. What is software?" My answer, "The piano is the hardware and the sheet 
music is the software," satisfied him and upon reflection, myself as well.
Every afternoon between two and five, Patrick retired to my on-board office 
to work on his novel The Yellow Admiral, then in progress. He borrowed the 
yacht's charts of France, particularly the area around Brest, to incorporate 
detail of the blockade of Brest which is featured in that book. Very much to 
Mary's surprise he showed me each day's progress. She said that he had never 
shared his work with anyone before completion. Later, Patrick sent me the 
original manuscript for this volume which I still keep aboard and which I 
treasure.
Thus we cruised for ten days arriving in Palma where the demands of business 
required that all of Patrick's guests and I depart. He and Mary continued on 
to Ibiza with the yacht's crew for three further days, mostly to study that 
island's renowned bird colonies. Then they sailed, uneventfully, back to Port 
Vendres.
My friendship with Patrick continued until his death in January of this year. 
We corresponded. He and Mary stayed in my home. They were aboard my schooner 
Mariette. We met at his club, Brooks, in London. He was a genius and his 
books remain a towering, towering achievement. I miss him greatly.
- tom perkins
belvedere 
This story was reprinted from the August 2000 issue of Latitude 38. To order 
a copy (complete with photos in living black & white), use the subscription 
order form, and specify the 8/00 issue, or just drop us a note with a check 
for $7 to Latitude 38, Attn: Back Issues, 15 Locust Ave., Mill Valley, CA 
94941. 
Please note: After a couple of years, the actual issue will no longer be 
available, but we will still be able to make photocopies of it.
,2000, 2001 Latitude 38 Publishing Co., Inc.
Bill -
If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me 
like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the 
confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the 
power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in 
Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on 
it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's 
concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system 
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer 
has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is 
that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer 
until they are correctly completed.
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to 
transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application 
they are understandably upset and are now complaining.  I would appreciate it 
if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with 
changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.
Mark
Tana Jones
04/16/2001 03:11 PM
Samuel Schott
03/28/2001 01:09 PM
FYI 
Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty 
System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as 
such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link
to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.
Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change 
documentation from the Counterparty
in order to change this name.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890 (GCP)
Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?
Hello,
Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent 
and child for our downstream systems.
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the 
Tradename / Division name or Parent Name  - - not both simultaneously.
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This defeats the 
purpose of using a Tradename.
Best Rgds.
Samuel
Tana,
Please review the process below:
With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see 
Thanks,
Stephanie 
Sam & Stephanie,
Re:  Cargill Ferrous International
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890
ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this?
Robert B Cass
04/16/2001 04:52 PM
Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m See the steps for approval below.
US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy
Website Short Description of Product Type:  US HR StlPlt Phy
Product Type:
Reference Period:
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) 
to the Termination Date (or end date). The Effective Date (or start date) is 
01 Oct 2001. The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.
Product Additional Information (example):
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 
72 inches. 
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro 
Area.  F.O.B. refers to the following terms: Seller is responsible for 
freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, 
Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.  The 
Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline 
(5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option). Each calendar month 
during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.  Enron will 
guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept 
supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.  Payment shall be made, 
against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms 
and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later 
than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to 
Buyer.
Currency:
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.
Unit of Measure:
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 
lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.
STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
click the  START button 
select  PROGRAMS
select  TEST APPLICATIONS
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD 
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button  
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved")
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up 
TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"
Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!
Bill D Hare
04/16/2001 05:51 PM
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, 
"a division of Cargill Incorporated".   We will meet in the near future to 
discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global 
Counterparty.
Bill 
Bill -
If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me 
like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the 
confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the 
power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in 
Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on 
it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's 
concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system 
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer 
has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is 
that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer 
until they are correctly completed.
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to 
transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application 
they are understandably upset and are now complaining.  I would appreciate it 
if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with 
changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.
Mark
Tana Jones
04/16/2001 03:11 PM
Samuel Schott
03/28/2001 01:09 PM
FYI 
Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty 
System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as 
such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link
to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.
Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change 
documentation from the Counterparty
in order to change this name.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890 (GCP)
Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?
Hello,
Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent 
and child for our downstream systems.
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the 
Tradename / Division name or Parent Name  - - not both simultaneously.
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This defeats the 
purpose of using a Tradename.
Best Rgds.
Samuel
Tana,
Please review the process below:
With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see 
Thanks,
Stephanie 
Sam & Stephanie,
Re:  Cargill Ferrous International
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890
ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
Doc -
I'll be in town through Sunday morning.  Any chance we can get together for 
dinner Saturday eve.?
Mark
Thanks Doc - sounds like fun - see you Saturday!
Paul -
Sorry for the delay.  I see no problems with this in the current format There might be an issue if the description of the product included the word 
COMEX or any other trademark of the exchange.  I'm not too concerned about 
the presence of "COMEX" in the long description since presumably that will 
not appear on Reuters.
Mark T.
Paul Goddard@
04/18/2001 05:51 AM
Mark and Mark - still haven't heard anything on this .   Could one of you get 
back to me today if possible?   Need to know  "Go / No Go" re: Comex products 
as soon as possible 
Many thanks,
Paul
x32310
Paul Goddard
10/04/2001 10:15
Hi Mark - I see Mark Greenberg is away until tomorrow , so would you be able 
to help us out with this one? Just need to make sure we're okay to feed our 
physical metals prices to Reuters.   Specifically, can you confirm we don't 
have any agreements in place with NYMEX and/or COMEX which would restrict us 
from doing so (specifically the same live bids/offers posted on 
EnronOnline)?  The only reference to 'COMEX' in these products is in the long 
description (see below 
Thanks,
Paul
x32310
Paul Goddard
09/04/2001 13:46
Hi Mark - Justin suggested I contact you to see if there would be any issues 
with us feeding our live EOL COMEX physical metals quotes to Reuters (as part 
of our new deal with them to feed them various live bids/offers for various 
markets).  Our sense is that this is fine, but we want to be sure 
Example Products (both Short and Long Description would be viewable on the 
customer's Reuters terminal):
Product Short Description    Product ID
US Cu Phy Hi-Grd Whse  May 01  36916
US Cu Phy Hi-Grd Whse  Jul01  45368
Sample Long Description (references to COMEX) 
Q1:  Do we have any restrictions on us that would preclude us from doing 
feeding these 'COMEX' quotes to Reuters? (e.g. legal agreement with NYMEX COMEX in place We are hopeful that no such restrictions exist but want to make sure before 
proceeding further 
Q2:  Are you aware of any other restrictions that would restrict us from 
feeding quotes for any of our other physical metals products to Reuters (Unfortunately, we cannot post our financial LME quotes to Reuters as this 
would violate LME rules, hence our desire to at least feed our Physical 
quotes).
Sorry for the short notice but could you get back to me today on this?  We 
are trying to finalize today the list of metals products which we can include 
in the feed Many thanks, 
Paul Goddard
EnronOnline
x32310
Paul Goddard
06/04/2001 18:12
Just spoke with David Lilley and he is onside for us to post the 2 physical 
US Cu products listed below (36916 and 45368), and if possible, the following 
other Asian (Shanghai and Singapore) products as well:
41457
41465
41467
41469
41459
444513
He is also keen to add European copper soon , but needs to work on tightening 
the spreads on these products first so would like to hold off just now.
Imelda/Julie - can you look at mapping these if there are no other issues? 
One possible issue is that the long description for the 2 US Cu's may still 
contain the reference to 'COMEX' .  Apparently legal had concerns with this so they were planning to change this to 'CX' or similar 
Thanks,
Paul
x32310
David Lilley
06/04/2001 16:09
I would very much like to have these product prices published on Reuters, 
please call me on x32093 to discuss.
There are other physical products which I will show you if you would like to 
come to my desk.
Rgds
Paul Goddard
06/04/2001 14:27
Hi David - wanted to check with you to see if you would be okay with us 
feeding live bids/offers to Reuters for the COMEX products shown below Originally, when I met with Joe Gold some weeks ago, we had intended to feed 
many of our LME prices to Reuters, but due to the LME member rules 
restricting us, we were precluded from doing so 
As such, we are hoping that we could at least feed the live quotes we have in 
place for the 2 physical COMEX products (and , if possible , the financial 
COMEX lookalike).  As part of our deal with Reuters, both we and Reuters are 
very keen to feed some quotes for metals products. Also, if there are any 
other non-LME restricted physical products you know of, we may be interested 
in feeding these as well.
Could we have a quick chat about this before the end of today 
Many thanks,
Paul
(Manager, EnronOnline)
x32310
Product Description     Product ID
US Cu Fin  COMEX Lookalike Jan01  31177
US Cu Phy Hi-Grd Whse  May 01  36916
US Cu Phy Hi-Grd Whse  Jul01  45368
I'm not sure if this document was one of the ones we sent to you earlier but 
it may be useful to have  around.
"Davis, Deborah K."  	04/05/2001 03:52 PM
Good Afternoon,
The spring Monmouth College Board of Trustees meeting is just around the
corner and we are in the process of scheduling meals and reserving hotel
rooms.  The meeting packets are on their way to you by mail today, but
thought I would try electronic mail instead of the standard return card for
inquiring about your room reservations and dinner selections.
If you are planning to attend the meeting please let me know by return email
or by phone (309) 457-2127, and answer the following:
Hotel rooms are on hold for April 19 and 20.  Do you need a room reserved at
the Hawthorn Inn for the 19th and/or the 20th of April,  and for how many
people?  (If you have responded to the Development Office for the 19th, I
have received that information.)
Menu selections for Friday's dinner are:
1. Herb Crusted Dijon Lamb
2. Roasted Duck Breast
3. Mushroom Ravioli with Roasted Pepper Coulis (no cheese or cream in/on
this selection)
Please select Option 1,2 or 3.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Thanks,
Deborah
Deborah Davis
Secretary to the Trustees
Monmouth College
PS:  Here are the schedules of Friday and Saturday events for your review.
Board of Trustees Schedule of Events - April 20, 2001
Friday Events
9:00 AM  New Trustee Orientation
President's Office
Wallace Hall
12:00 PM  Executive Committee Luncheon
Private Dining Room
Marketing for the Future
Stockdale Center
Review George Dehne Visit
1:30 PM  Nominations Committee
President's Office
Academic Affairs Committee Rare Book
Room, Library
Finance and Business Affairs Committee
Tartan Room
2:00 PM  Buildings & Grounds Committee
Business Office Conf. Rm.
Poling Hall
3:00 PM  Opening Reception
Hewes Library
Board of Trustees and Guests
Second Floor Lobby
3:30 PM  Opening Plenary Session
Hewes Library
"Information Literacy:
Second Floor Lobby
The Liberal Arts Under Construction"
With MC Faculty and Staff members
4:30 PM  Library Renovation Review
Rick Sayre, Monmouth College Librarian
5:15 PM  Tour of the new Bowers Residence Hall
(Catch the bus-Hewes Library Parking Lot)
6:15 PM  Reception
Holt House
402 E. 1st Avenue
7:15 PM  Dinner
Whiteman/McMillan
Highlander Room
Stockdale Center
Dr. Jim DeYoung and Dr. Perry
White
and Students
Selections from the spring musical
production
"The Pirates of Penzance"
Board of Trustees Schedule of Events - April 21, 2001
Saturday Events
8:15   Morning Meditation
Tartan Room
Rev. Kathleen Fannin, Chaplain
Stockdale Center
Rev. Cam McConnell, Trustee
Matt Carl, Senior
8:30   Breakfast
Scotland Yard
Stockdale Center
9:00   Board of Trustees Plenary Session
Whiteman/McMillan Highlander Room
Stockdale Center
12:00    Lunch
Scotland Yard
(Boxed Lunches also Available)
That's probably OK - just a little further into the gray.  The main concern 
is that we not be "marketing" the product with reference to the exchange - in 
our view using the exchange in the name of the product would be a problem but 
references to the exchange may be acceptable in the product description - an 
example of what would not work would be describing the product as a "COMEX 
lookalike" or something similar 
Paul Goddard@
04/19/2001 09:08 AM
Thanks Mark - my understanding however is that the long description with the 
reference to COMEX will be viewable by Reuters users so does this change your 
view or would we still be okay, given that the reference to COMEX is quite 
benign (i.e. we have similar references in our long descriptions for IPE, 
Platts etc 
Bill -
Sorry for the delay -- I was out of town and believe it or not Enron doesn't 
have a local access number to its computer system in Monmouth, IL so I just 
got your message this morning.
Don't worry about sailing skills.  Among the rest of us we have that pretty 
well covered.  We may be a bit rusty but I'll bet we can keep the boat moving 
in the right general direction and not hit anything hard enough to do any 
serious damage.  We're going to an area that is one of the easiest places in 
the world to sail around for a few days.  Navigation is easy (you can always 
see where you're going), the waters are protected (no big waves) and the wind 
consistent and not too strong (so the boat will move but not be hard to 
handle).  The skills you mentioned (sitting, drinking & socializing) are in 
fact the critical skills for a trip like this.  We sure don't want anyone on 
board who is going to fall down on the job in any of those areas!
If you want a sneak preview, try The Moorings website -- www.moorings.com Under "Destinations" we're going to the British Virgin Islands.  Under 
"Charter Fleet" we'll be on a Moorings 463.
Since you have your tickets, please send me your flight arrival information I need to pass that along to The Moorings so they will pick you up at the 
airport.  About the only other items left to deal with are ordering our food 
and drinks.  Amanda has abdicated any responsibility there so Linda & I will 
take care of most of that.  Any particular beverage requests?  Beer, wine, 
liquor, sodas, juices, mixers 
And finally, just a bit if extra info:
1.  Your cell phones will not work in the BVI.  We will have a local cell 
phone on the boat but won't know the number until we get there.  If you need 
to leave a contact number with someone, give them the Moorings' number in 
Tortola (284)494-2332.  They'll try and reach us either by phone or radio if 
a call comes in.
2.  A lot of places will take credit cards but we'll need a little cash for 
renting moorings for the night (much easier than anchoring - Amanda can 
explain), meals out, departure taxes, incidentals and whatever but there 
aren't going to be lots of ATM's everywhere so you should bring what you 
think you'll need.  US Dollars are the currency.
3.  You will need your passport but there are no visa requirements.
4.  Use soft-sided luggage (easier to stow  on the boat) and try to carry 
everything on -- if they lose a checked bag it's hard to get it later 
That's about all I can think of right now.  Feel free to ask any other 
questions.  I'm starting to get excited now too.  It's hard to believe it's 
less than 3 weeks away 
Mark
"McGovern, William"  	04/20/2001 09:55 AM
Linda -- FYI.  Haven't heard back from Mark yet.  I can only assume he is
hesitant to confirm in writing that he knows how to sail.
Bill
P.S. Thanks for Fed Ex'ing the tie.  I was wondering where that was.
Please arrange.
Alison Keogh@_DEVELOPMENT
04/23/2001 02:35 AM
Hi Mark,
I am putting some meetings together for David when he is in Houston next 
week.  Would you be available to meet with him either  Mon Apr 30 pm, Tue 1 
May btw 9 - 11am or btw 2 - 5pm.
Thank you and 
Alison Keogh
Legal Assistant
Enron Australia Pty Ltd
Ph: 612 9229 2316
Fx: 612 9229 2350
I don't think I knew we were making a mid-week drop at the airport.  We need 
to remember that as we plan where we'll be 
"McGovern, William"  	04/25/2001 08:49 AM
Mark 
Amanda and I have the following flight plans:
Friday May 11
Leave Washington  AA Flight 771 7:00 a.m.
Arrive San Juan 10:41 a.m.
Leave San Juan AA Flight 5682 1:04 p.m.
Arrive Tortola Beef Island 1:47 p.m.
Our departures are as follows:
Bill -- Tuesday May 15
2:32 p.m. AA Flight 5541 from Tortola to San Juan
Amanda -- Thursday May 17
2:32 p.m. AA Flight 5541 from Tortola to San Juan
No, the ETA says that if you have a master agreement in place it governs 
trades in the relevant commodities.  In fact, we used that language to 
mollify the people who were afraid we were going to stop sending confirms 
when they first signed up for EnronOnline.  To the extent we want to 
eliminate confirms for counterparties with masters, we will need their 
agreement 
From a technical legal perspective we could probably eliminate the confirms 
for GTC-governed  transactions without asking the customer first.  Whether or 
not that is a good idea from a customer relations/marketing/PR view I will 
leave to others.  Since some customers seem to want this pretty badly, you 
might consider offering to do away with the paper for customers who sign up 
for your new data transfer arrangement before making it generally 
available 
Andy Zipper/ENRON@Xgate
04/25/2001 08:41 AM
Question:
Does the ETA trump any language in an existing ISDA regarding the signed 
confirm being the governing doc for a trade ?
Leslie Reeves and I met today with Mark Taylor and Mark Haedicke to discuss 
the eliminination of confirmations for transacations executed on 
EnronOnline.  Mark Taylor has been supportive of the elimination of 
confirmations, and in the meeting today Mark Haedicke agreed.  This 
elimination of confirmations will have to be reviewed on a counterparty by 
counterparty basis, and for each counterparty, commodity by commodity 
Next steps:  Document EOL process and records that can evidence the execution 
of a transaction (ease of availability, type of   record available, retention 
schedule for records, etc. (Sheri Thomas?)
Create a priortized list of counterparties to be approached for 
elimination of confirmations - large number of    transactions, those that 
have asked for paper-relief, etc. (Leslie Reeves/Kim Theriot)
Set up meeting with Andy Zipper, Jay Webb, Tom Gros, Mark Taylor, 
Jeff Hodge (Legal-Physical Gas), Elizabeth   Saeger (Legal-Power), and Leslie 
Reeves to review game plan for elimination of confirmations and impact on ConfirmLogic (my assistant will set up meeting) 
Bill,
Thanks for the info.
Just so you know, The Moorings provides airport transfers so there will be 
somebody with a "Moorings" sign waiting right after you get through customs 
who will get you into a van or bus to the base.  It's a little harder to get 
to Tortola from Houston so I leave at 6:10 in the morning but don't get there 
until a few hours after you guys (on AA5684 which gets there at 5:21).
It turns out I also need everyone's birthday and address.  Mind sending 
yours along?
Mark
Yes, silly me.  But just so there's some hope that Bill makes his flight 
back, we should plan on being in the general vicinity of Tortola on the day 
of his flight.
It turns out I need everybody's birthday and address.  I assume you're still 
at 200 W 86th but don't know your birthday.
"Linda Hayman"  	04/25/2001 03:50 PM
Plans.  You were thinking there would be planning involved?  Silly you.
>>  I don't think I knew we were making a mid-week drop at the airport.  We
need to remember that as we plan where we'll be.
"McGovern,
Mark 
Amanda and I have the following flight plans:
Friday May 11
Leave Washington  AA Flight 771 7:00 a.m.
Arrive San Juan 10:41 a.m.
Leave San Juan AA Flight 5682 1:04 p.m.
Arrive Tortola Beef Island 1:47 p.m.
Our departures are as follows:
Bill -- Tuesday May 15
2:32 p.m. AA Flight 5541 from Tortola to San Juan
Amanda -- Thursday May 17
2:32 p.m. AA Flight 5541 from Tortola to San Juan
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
I'm pretty sure this is going in across the board for US deals.  If you guys 
want to, I have no objection.  We came up with some language to insert into 
the first paragraph of the confirm indicating that it is subject to the GTC 
and incorporating it by reference.  Bob Bowen has the final version of the 
language (I think it varied slightly between various commodities).
Just as a 'heads up' we are also starting down the road of doing away with 
confirmations altogether for certain US EnronOnline transactions.  Maybe we 
should chat about that and I can give you all the details.  It's going to be 
a lengthy and painful process.
Greg Johnston
04/25/2001 09:51 AM
Mark, I wanted to get your thoughts on whether ECC can implement this online 
GTC policy for its financial and physical transaction completed through EOL I would suspect that, if ENA has passed on this, it should be okay for ECC to 
follow suit.  Are you implementing this policy just on the financial 
transactions or across the board?
Let me know.
Thanks
Greg
Dianne Seib
04/23/2001 01:42 PM
Peter and Greg,
Attached below is more information on the subject of Online GTC's.  This will 
affect the financial transactions we confirm as ENA as we are currently using 
ENA's templates for these transactions.  Can we implement this change for our 
ECC financial transactions as well as for physical transactions?
Let me know.
Dianne
Bob Bowen
04/23/2001 12:53 PM
Good News!  We finally received approval of the language to be used for 
EnronOnline transactions 
subject to General Terms & Conditions so that we do not have to attached the 
GTC's to every 
confirmation sent.  Again, the language attached is for particular products, 
so please check with your 
respective legal groups to get their approval.
I would like to start this process next Monday, April 30, 2001.  Can everyone 
meet that deadline?  If 
this does not affect you, please reply so.
Attached is the final language (don't let the file name fool you):
Some interesting articles in this one.
04/25/2001 02:59 AM
Please respond to Mckinsey_Quarterly_NewsLetter
The McKinsey Quarterly Newsletter
April 2001
Valuing dot-coms after the fall
The Internet roller coaster may rank as the market's most dramatic
upheaval over the past 20 years, but it certainly hasn't been the only
one. Remember biotech? Real estate? Leveraged buyouts? What about Japan
Incorporated? Sooner or later, investment values always revert to a
fundamental level based on cash flows. Get used to it.
Mobile portals mobilize for scale
As investors have cooled to new ventures, survival is now at the top of
the agenda for mobile portals. Whether a portal stays alive will depend on
its ability to offer accessibility, awareness, and the right services. The
rest of the struggle---rapid expansion to ensure long-term survival and,
eventually, global dominion---will come down to guts and determination.
The innovative organization
The idea that new businesses prosper best when separated from their
corporate parents has now become conventional wisdom. Although new
ventures do need space to develop, strict separation can prevent them from
obtaining invaluable resources and rob their parents of the vitality they
can generate. The solution? A balance of partitioning and integration.
Programmers abroad: A primer on offshore software development
More and more companies are going offshore to develop and maintain their
software. The reason is simple: this approach saves time and money.
Without discipline in managing offshore relationships, however, a company
not only can squander the cost and time savings it had hoped to gain but
also may face late deliveries, escalating costs, mismatches between
expectations and deliverables, and even outright failure.
+++++++++++++++++Also on the site this month 
The alchemy of LBOs
Late edition: Another chance for newspapers on the Web
Unlocking the value in Big Pharma
Magazines' home companion
A performance index for B2B marketplaces---a mckinseyquarterly.com
exclusive
SHARE THE WEALTH!
If you know colleagues who'd be interested in The McKinsey Quarterly,
please forward this e-mail message to them!
To unsubscribe, click the link below. Or, if your e-mail program does not
support hyperlinks, copy and paste the address into your browser.
I'm not sure if you guys have seen this before or not.  Lousie seems to think 
that you are preparing the U.S. version of this.
I am not quite sure the context of this - if I were to issue a password to 
someone (because I was going to give them readonly access) they would not 
have to sign anything - the requiremetn is for a document to appear on the 
screen though when they login - a read only ETA.  how doe these fit together?
Justin,
I attach a revised Read Only Agreement. I understand that you will circulate
this to the appropriate people. You will see that I have already copied it
to Louise and Elena.
Kind 
Andrew
- 80s202!.DOC
Thanks for the credit card number - I'm sure it will come in handy some day I was actually planning to pay for the Moorings portion of this as a 
graduation present.  Is that OK?
I need your birthday and address to finalize the info for the Moorings Finals going OK?
Ken 
I have a question about the interpretation of this paragraph of the 
EnronOnline Legal & Privacy Statement.  Maybe we can talk about it when we 
talk about the clearing issue.
14. In the course of your use of this website, you may provide, or Enron may 
otherwise obtain, information about you or your business activities. By using 
this website, you expressly consent to Enron (1) using this information to 
assess the function and performance of this website, to assess the needs of 
its customers, to market Enron's products and services and for the other 
purposes set out in this paragraph 14, and (2) transferring this data to 
Enron subsidiaries throughout the world for the purposes specified in (1) 
above. Any information which you provide or which Enron otherwise obtains 
will be used solely by Enron and will not be sold or made available to third 
parties, with the exception of the third parties providing data processing or 
similar services to Enron, or in connection with Enron's provision or 
marketing of products and services to you. 
Thanks for the info.  And I sure hear your --  especially re: crim pro!  On 
the evidence front, I did the same thing you did -- took it for bar purposes 
-- but I never cease to be amazed at how often it comes up in my 
non-litigator's practice.  So don't despair, it may yet be helpful.\
I'm really looking forward to sailing too.  Just two weeks!
Mark
Attached is a brief outline of the requirements for electronic trading 
facilities for transactions in exempt commodities.  Exempt commodities are 
all commodities other than financial commodities (e.g. interest rates, 
currencies, securities) and agricultural commodities.
I'm afraid I already have plans but thanks for the invite.
We have reservations with Eric, the golf pro, on Friday afternoon at 3:00 He thinks 4 or 5 holes will takes us 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  We don't have to play 
just holes 1 through 5 but can pick and choose -- based to some extent on 
where other people are playing.
Saturday afternoon you have a massage appointment at the club at 2:00 with a 
manicure/pedicure to follow at 3:00.  My massage is at 2:00.  Amanda decided 
not to participate since she will need to get ready for the party.  She is 
going to try and get lunch reservations for us all at Boar's Head for 11:45.
Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve. so no golf and I had assumed he 
would be with Amanda on Saturday.
We may miss out on tea.  Any idea what the hours are?  We won't be done with 
golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00.  You won't be finished with your nails 
until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday (and then there's the law school bbq and 
Amanda's do).  I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon.
Using your numbers:
1.  No.  We won't do that until we think we have to.
2.  Not entirely, they have to meet certain more restrictive tests depending 
on how they are organized (i.e. how sophisticated are the investors).  A fund 
group like Fidelity that allows my Mom to invest has to have $1,000,000,000 
in assets.  A true hedge fund that limits its investors to those meeting 
certain sophistication requirements only needs $100,000,000 in total assets.
3. Yes
4. Only if we become "regulated."  Currently we still maintain that we are a 
one-to-many site and are not yet subject to these rules. 
David Forster/ENRON@Xgate
04/27/2001 05:18 PM
OK - so based on this document:
1) Are we registered with the CFTC?
2) Are we prohibited from transacting with hedge funds ("investment company 3) Are the "exemption conditions" with which the facility must comply just 
the conditions listed in the document?
4) Could you clarify: Do the conditions described in the document apply to us 
now, or only if we become "regulated"?
As per our conversation, I understand that FX is subject to even less 
stringent requirements than our current commodities are. 
Thanks,
Dave
Attached is a brief outline of the requirements for electronic trading 
facilities for transactions in exempt commodities.  Exempt commodities are 
all commodities other than financial commodities (e.g. interest rates, 
currencies, securities) and agricultural commodities.
very clever
I had the pre-review meeting on my calendar for the 16th (10:00) and the 
final meeting for the 30th (1:30).  Has one of them changed?
To the OGC's:
The Final Legal Business Unit Review Mtg. is scheduled on Friday, July 23, 
1999 at 9:00 - 12:00 p.m..  Scott Sefton and Michael Brown will be connected 
via telephone conference.  If you are not able to attend, please let me know 
at your earliest convenience.  Location TBA.
sts
The pro understands there are only three of us 'golfing.'  Since we needed 
something for Fri. afternoon and you and Amanda seemed interested in the golf 
I went ahead and made the reservation that way.
The manicure was Amanda's idea.  Never having had one, I just assumed they 
dried them for you.  Would you rather have a facial?  I didn't ask about the 
morning.
"Linda Hayman"  	04/30/2001 08:54 AM
Do you still want to do golf without Bill?  I think I'd like to do it - the 
pro will probably be happy to lose a body.
I think I will call and cancel the manicure/pedicure.  I think it is too 
tight for me to hurry back to get ready with wet nalis.  You don't happen to 
remember if they had any morning appointments?  I'll call.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve. so no golf and I had assumed he
would be with Amanda on Saturday.
We may miss out on tea.  Any idea what the hours are?  We won't be done
with golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00.  You won't be finished with your
nails until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday (and then there's the law school bbq
and Amanda's do).  I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
- Linda Hayman.vcf
Sorry to hear you're having computer problems.  I haven't gotten a virus yet 
but I have had 2 hard drives crash and burn on me -- one at home and one at 
the office -- you definitely loose everything when that happens!  My fairly 
new work computer (the little one you saw at Christmas) started making 
strange noises a couple of weeks ago so I called in the tech support guys They agreed that is sounded odd so they took everything off of my hard drive, 
replaced it with a new one and then put all of my stuff back in the new one Took them a day or so but the weird noises are gone so I feel better.
I'm off to San Antonio this week for a couple of days and then leave for 
sailing on the 11th, returning on the 21st.  The last few days (18 - 21) I'll 
be staying at a place called Keswick Hall in Virginia.  I may be able to send 
that number before I leave.
Love,
Mark
I thoroughly agree about tea -- if you can reschedule your manicure the 
timing would be perfect.  And you're right about Sunday afternoon too -- I'm 
sure by then we'll be ready for a rest.  Do we have plans for Sunday eve Do we care?
"Linda Hayman"  	04/30/2001 10:04 AM
I love manicures but maybe tea would be more fun - If I cancel or move the 
manicure maybe we could have a sip in the lounge before we head off to the 
BBQ - I don't think we have to be the first ones at the BBQ.  Also, maybe tea 
will fit in on Sunday too.  It will probably be a good point in the day to 
sit down and to relax.  I'll call to see if they can reschedule the maicure.
Did the pro happen to mention anything about dress codes on the course.  Most 
courses require a shirt with a collar (a polo  - not a t shirt) and one or 
two courses in the world require golf shoes - most are fine with sneakers.
I hope you like golf.  I took a lesson at the Doral ( the partner's retreat 
was there this year) and they have a golf school there. It was a great little 
school.   I'd like to go back down for a weekend to the golf school. I don't 
think that I will ever be good at it.  But there are clearly some tricks to 
the game ( it is like sailing - all degrees and very scientific) that you can 
pick up at a golf school and its enough I think to go out with other 
beginners.   If you like golf maybe you will want to go the weekend golf 
school too ( on your way back from south america maybe).  Every resort I ever 
go to has a golf course - I feel like I am always paying an extra $50 per 
night for the golf - but never use it.  I'd like to take a few lessons so I 
can play when I am on vacation.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
The pro understands there are only three of us 'golfing.'  Since we needed
something for Fri. afternoon and you and Amanda seemed interested in the
golf I went ahead and made the reservation that way.
The manicure was Amanda's idea.  Never having had one, I just assumed they
dried them for you.  Would you rather have a facial?  I didn't ask about
the morning.
"Linda
04/30/2001
08:54 AM
Do you still want to do golf without Bill?  I think I'd like to do it - the
pro will probably be happy to lose a body.
I think I will call and cancel the manicure/pedicure.  I think it is too
tight for me to hurry back to get ready with wet nalis.  You don't happen
to remember if they had any morning appointments?  I'll call.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve. so no golf and I had assumed he
would be with Amanda on Saturday.
We may miss out on tea.  Any idea what the hours are?  We won't be done
with golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00.  You won't be finished with your
nails until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday (and then there's the law school bbq
and Amanda's do).  I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
(See attached file: Linda Hayman.vcf)
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
- Linda Hayman.vcf
I think we're committed to Keswick - haven't we paid for Sun. night there 
already?
"Linda Hayman"  	04/30/2001 10:49 AM
I think you would love Inn at Little Washington - I don't know why but I just 
think you would.  Maybe we can get a reservation - it is on the way back to 
DC but presumably Bill will be heading that way anyway.  Alternatively - it 
might be nice to hole up at the Keswick.  What do you think?
I thoroughly agree about tea -- if you can reschedule your manicure the
timing would be perfect.  And you're right about Sunday afternoon too I'm sure by then we'll be ready for a rest.  Do we have plans for Sunday
eve.?  Do we care?
"Linda
04/30/2001
10:04 AM
I love manicures but maybe tea would be more fun - If I cancel or move the
manicure maybe we could have a sip in the lounge before we head off to the
BBQ - I don't think we have to be the first ones at the BBQ.  Also, maybe
tea will fit in on Sunday too.  It will probably be a good point in the day
to sit down and to relax.  I'll call to see if they can reschedule the
maicure.
Did the pro happen to mention anything about dress codes on the course.
Most courses require a shirt with a collar (a polo  - not a t shirt) and
one or two courses in the world require golf shoes - most are fine with
sneakers.
I hope you like golf.  I took a lesson at the Doral ( the partner's retreat
was there this year) and they have a golf school there. It was a great
little school.   I'd like to go back down for a weekend to the golf school.
I don't think that I will ever be good at it.  But there are clearly some
tricks to the game ( it is like sailing - all degrees and very scientific)
that you can pick up at a golf school and its enough I think to go out with
other beginners.   If you like golf maybe you will want to go the weekend
golf school too ( on your way back from south america maybe).  Every resort
I ever go to has a golf course - I feel like I am always paying an extra
$50 per night for the golf - but never use it.  I'd like to take a few
lessons so I can play when I am on vacation.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
The pro understands there are only three of us 'golfing.'  Since we needed
something for Fri. afternoon and you and Amanda seemed interested in the
golf I went ahead and made the reservation that way.
The manicure was Amanda's idea.  Never having had one, I just assumed they
dried them for you.  Would you rather have a facial?  I didn't ask about
the morning.
"Linda
04/30/2001
08:54 AM
Do you still want to do golf without Bill?  I think I'd like to do it - the
pro will probably be happy to lose a body.
I think I will call and cancel the manicure/pedicure.  I think it is too
tight for me to hurry back to get ready with wet nalis.  You don't happen
to remember if they had any morning appointments?  I'll call.
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve. so no golf and I had assumed he
would be with Amanda on Saturday.
We may miss out on tea.  Any idea what the hours are?  We won't be done
with golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00.  You won't be finished with your
nails until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday (and then there's the law school bbq
and Amanda's do).  I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
(See attached file: Linda Hayman.vcf)
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
(See attached file: Linda Hayman.vcf)
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
"William Eke"  	04/30/2001 01:42 PM
Please respond to william_eke
Dear Sir,
I am Mr. William (Bill) Eke, Bank Manager of Orient Bank of Nigeria, Lagos
Branch.  I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.
On June 6, 1997, an American Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian
National Petroleum Corporation, Mr. Barry Kelly made a numbered time (Fixed)
Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$75,000,000.00 (Seventy Five
Million Dollars) in my branch.  On maturity, I sent a routine notification
to
his forwarding address but got no reply.  After a month, we sent a reminder
and
finally we discovered from his contract employers, the Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Barry Kelly died from an automobile accident.
On
further investigation, I found out that he died without making a Will, and
all
attempts by the American Embassy to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Barry Kelly
did
not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, including
his
Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank.  This sum of total US$75,000,000.00 is
still
sitting in my Bank as dormant account.  No one will ever come forward to
claim
it, and according to Nigerian Law after 5 years, the money will revert to
the
ownership of the Nigeria Government if the account owner is certified dead
and
nobody comes forward to claim it.
This is the situation, and my proposal is that I am looking for an American
who
will stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Barry Kelly.  A bank account abroad
will
then facilitate the transfer of this money to the beneficiary/next of kin.
This
is simple all you have to do is to immediately send me the details of a bank
account anywhere in the world for me to arrange the proper money transfer
paperwork.  The money will then be paid into this account for us to share in
the
ratio 70% for me; 30% for you.
There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be
done
by me using my position and connection in the Banks in Nigeria.  We shall
employ
the services of an attorney to draft the Will and obtain all necessary
documents
and letters of administration in your favour for the transfer.  This
transaction
is guaranteed.
If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email
address
below.  Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require
your
assistance to invest my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via my email: billeke0@lycos.com
Thank you and 
Mr. William (Bill) Eke.
Get 250 color business cards for FREE!
Bill:
I am sending you by FedEx tonight a copy of the most recent edition of the 
cruising guide to the Virgin Islands.  It's not required reading but I 
thought you might find it interesting to see a bit about where we will be 
sailing.  Please be sure to bring it along with you since we will need it if 
we try and go to any spots we haven't been to before and since it will have 
the most up to date information on navigation, restaurants, bars, etc. (you 
will see little hand-drawn charts of the most popular anchorages - these are 
surprisingly useful).
There's a lot of information in there.  If you want to focus on just a few, 
the places we are (in my humble and easily overridden opinion) most likely to 
visit are:
Road Town - that's where we will pick up the boat so we're pretty certain to 
be there
The Bight on Norman Island - deserted island but a floating bar/restaurant, 
good snorkeling nearby
Jost Van Dyke - we have always liked Sydney's Peace & Love in Little Harbor 
and Foxy's in Great Harbor
Sandy Cay - the classic deserted island, very small - probably just a lunch 
or quick swim stop
Cane Garden Bay - a little tricky  getting in but well worth it - the 
quintessential Caribbean beach (swath of white sand, palm trees, steel bands, 
etc.)
Trellis Bay - closest anchorage to the airport and where there used to be a 
restaurant called The Last Resort
Cooper Island - nice quiet resort on the island with a good outdoor dining 
option
The Baths - wouldn't be a trip to the BVI without a stop here
Bitter End Yacht Club - probably about as far as we'd want to go
There are some great beaches and secluded anchorages over on St. John but it 
is in the US Virgins which means clearing the boat out of immigration and 
customs in the BVI, then clearing into the US at Cruz Bay on St. John and 
then back into the BVI when we go back over there.  Kind of a lot of trouble, 
particularly since the anchorage in Cruz Bay is so crowded it's impossible to 
find a good place to leave the boat while we go to clear in.  We've done it 
before but my view is that with limited time it just isn't worth it.  Of 
course, we started this with the assumption that my view isn't necessarily 
controlling here and I know that Linda particularly likes the restaurant at 
Caneel Bay (fancy resort) on St. John.  So stay tuned.
We will need to be sure we are anchored somewhere near Tortola (which 
probably just means not at the Bitter End or on St. John) the night before 
your flight so we can make sure you get to the airport.  One alternative is 
to stay at Trellis Bay - or right across at Marina Cay - that night and just 
dinghy you over to the dock - it's a 5 min. walk to the airport.  Or we can 
drop you anywhere else there's a phone since there are taxis that can be 
called and the island just isn't that big - I don't think it could take more 
than an hour by car to get from any one spot on the island to any other!
I put the Moorings luggage tags in with the cruising guide.  They aren't that 
important unless you check bags.  Please be sure to use them if you check 
anything since that will make it much more likely that they will catch up 
with us some day.  I'm not sure, but it may also make it just a tad easier to 
get through BVI customs when they see those familiar tags.
Here are some BVI links if you have time to do a little surfing:
Call or e-mail with any questions.
Mark
(713)853-7459 (work)
Sheila Tweed
04/25/2001 04:21 PM
Attached is an org chart that shows the Energy Assets Services Legal 
Department.
Unfortunately I already have plans.  But thanks for the invite!
Eddy Daniels@
05/01/2001 02:00 PM
A few of us North America types from Lance Schuler's group have plans with 
John Novak, Sami Arap, and other colleagues from the Enron South America team 
for dinner on Weds. night. We would be honored if you would join us.  We are 
dining at :
La Fogata
2427 Vance Jackson Rd.
San Antonio, Texas
(210) 340-1337
La Fogata is approx. ten minutes from the hotel by cab.   Please just let me 
know if you can attend by 10 am tomorrow so that I can expand our reservation 
appropriately.  I   tomorrow.
Edmund D. Daniels
Senior Counsel
Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow, I 
think we should defer the group meeting.  I will be out of town on the 16th, 
so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a 
substitute.
Swiss Atel Starts Electricity Derivative Trading Co
07/08/1999 
Dow Jones International News 
ZURICH (Dow Jones)--Aare-Tessin AG (Z.AAR), the Swiss power company known as 
Atel, said
Thursday that it has set up a company for derivatives trading. 
Atel said it's launching the new company, derivAtel, amid the deregulation 
of Europe's electricity
markets.
"In this manner the market position of Atel will be strengthened," Atel said 
in a press release. 
The company will offer derivatives to hedge volatile electricity prices. 
Atel said it received permission for derivative trading from the Federal 
Banking Commission on July
1. 
(END) Dow Jones Newswires 08-07-99 
1322GMT
I'll be there!
Tana Jones
05/01/2001 05:16 PM
We will need to catch a cab to get to La Fogata which is located at 2427 
Vance Jackson Road in San Antonio.  Our dinner reservations are for 7:00 pm, 
so I suggest we all meet in the hotel lobby at 6:30 and catch group cabs 
together.  Dress is casual.  The phone number for the restaurant is 
210-340-1337, in case you get lost in a wild cab ride or something similar 
(this will have special meaning to certain swap group members!).  If you 
haven't RSVP'd back to me, please do so, so I can get an accurate head count 
for tomorrow.
See you in San Antonio.
=09Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling@
=09Sent by: Office of the Chairman@
=0905/02/2001 09:30 AM
=09=09
Cliff is a unique talent.  His creativity, intelligence, sense of humor, and=20
straightforward manner have been assets to the company throughout his=20
career.  He will be missed.
Cliff joined Enron in 1991 and was a key member of the team that built Enron=01,
s wholesale business.  Before becoming Vice Chairman of Enron, Cliff served=20
in a variety of positions in Enron=01,s wholesale businesses, culminating in his=20
We have asked Cliff, and he has agreed, to continue in a consulting role for=20
the company while concluding negotiations on a number of key asset=20
dispositions.
Please join us in thanking Cliff for his service to the company and in=20
wishing him the very best.
An extra $200 is just a drop in this bucket.   St. Regis sounds good to me.
"Linda Hayman"  	05/02/2001 03:04 PM
I am happy to stay at the St Regis at this price but I am also happy to get a 
cheap room near the airport.  The price has gone up quite a bit since the 
last time I stayed there.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
Date: Wed, 02 May 2001 12:31:13 -0400
Mark ? the cost of the room at St. Regis (Thursday, 5/17/01) for one night is 
$286.14 (14.5% tax).  I have booked two separate rooms under Linda's name Let me know if there is anything else I can do.
?--Andrea
You always make me laugh.
Why don't you just pay for you.  You've been footing the bill for Amanda her friends all these years; it's your turn to take a break!
By the way, I don't remember pointing out that she is spoiled - thinking it 
often enough, but not pointing it out.  Of course we both know how my tongue 
loosens and my memory locks up in direct proportion to the volume of alcohol 
consumed 
"Linda Hayman"  	05/03/2001 05:51 PM
speaking of this bucket.  I think it is lovely that you are giving Amanda a 
graduation gift but -  trust me -  should would rather have another pair of 
earrings than have a free seat for me on the boat.  I didn't even know you 
when I graduated so it is much too late to give me a graduation present Won't you let me pay half ( the half of the boat that Bill and I are 
occupying)?  As you have pointed out amanda is too too spoiled.
Did anyone get you a yacht when you graduated?
Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637
An extra $200 is just a drop in this bucket.   St. Regis sounds good to me.
"Linda
05/02/2001
03:04 PM
I am happy to stay at the St Regis at this price but I am also happy to get
a cheap room near the airport.  The price has gone up quite a bit since the
last time I stayed there.
Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.
Date: Wed, 02 May 2001 12:31:13 -0400
Mark   the cost of the room at St. Regis (Thursday, 5/17/01) for one night
is $286.14 (14.5% tax).  I have booked two separate rooms under Linda's
name.   Let me know if there is anything else I can do.
--Andrea
- Linda Hayman.vcf
The recent amendments to the Commodity Exchange Act essentially codified the 
prior regulations on this point.  If this technique was effective in 1998 it 
should still be effective today.
Guenther Klar
05/03/2001 03:32 PM
here's the note i referred to in my email just now.
Rajen Shah
03/05/2001 17:35
I think there is a fax from Doug Harris on the reorg file with the CFTC 
rules. I will try to find it.
Rajen Shah
15/12/1998 17:53
Telecon with Douglas Harris (AA New York):
1. The "$10m total assets" requirement technically needs to be satisfied at 
all times.
2. No clear definition of total assets but his view is that total assets on a 
US GAAP basis should be satisfactory.
3. If the LLC were to issue an interest free note to an Affiliate and on 
lends the proceeds to Affiliate 2 then the receivable from Affiliate 2 would 
qualify for the $10m total assets test.
4. If the LLC were to issue an interest free note to an Affiliate and the 
proceeds are used to fund on going trading then if due to losses total assets 
were to fall below $10m then technically LLC would need to top up total 
assets for the losses incurred.
It would appear from the above that the most effective route is to fund the 
LLC by way of an interest free loan and for the LLC to on lend to affiliates.
Taffy did a great job setting all of this up so the visiting attorneys had 
places to work and use the phone and their computers.  I don't know that it 
is part of her job description -- she just saw the need and filled it.
Taffy Milligan
04/30/2001 09:43 AM
Below is a list of attorneys that are visiting the Houston office prior to 
the ENA Legal Conference.
Atty	Home Location	Ext.	Office
Justin Boyd	London	(713) 345-2520	EB3808
Rahul Saxena	London	(713) 345-2678	EB3807 
Mathew Dawson	London	(713) 345-2680	EB3812
Mark Evans	London	(713) 345-2679	EB3811A
David Minns	Australia	(713) 345-2682	EB3883 
Matt Lee	Japan	(713) 345-2681	EB3828 
Limor Nissan	New York	(713) 345-2683	EB3891
Alison Moss	Teesside	(713) 345-2722	EB3858F
I got this from Stewart today 	Stewart Rosman/ENRON@Xgate
05/07/2001 05:47 PM
Mark -
I have a legal question for you.  I was told recently that Carol St Clair was 
going to help support the West Trading desk on physical transactions.  Since 
she came from the financial legal group I was wondering if she would be able 
to help with financial transactions as well.  I feel there are synergies to 
having the same Enron lawyer represent us for both the EEI and ISDA.  A 
recent example of this could be the SMUD relationship.  Carol recently 
completed an amendment to the existing ISDA and now is looking at sending 
them a EEI.  The SMUD credit and legal personnel are the same so the process 
should be quite smooth.  I was interested in your thoughts on this.  You can 
reach me by phone (503-464-3810) or email.  Thanks.
Stewart 
FYI
=09exchangeinfo@nymex.com
=0905/07/2001 04:02 PM
=09=09=20
Notice # 01-154
May 7, 2001
TO:
All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms
FROM:
Neal L. Wolkoff, Executive Vice President
RE:
Implementation of New NYMEX Rule 9.11A (=01&Give-Up Trades=018)
DATE:
May 7, 2001
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
Please be advised that beginning on the trade date of Friday, June 1, 2001,=20
new NYMEX Rule 9.11A (=01&Give-Up Trades=018) will go into effect.
! In the absence of an applicable give-up agreement, new Rule 9.11A will=20
define the respective responsibilities/obligations to an order of executing=20
brokers, customers and Clearing Members.
! The term =01&executing broker=018 as used in Rule 9.11A refers to the registered=20
billing entity, Member Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is transmitted.
! Rule 9.11 will provide that, in the absence of an applicable give-up=20
agreement, a Clearing Member may reject a trade only if: (1) the trade=20
exceeds trading limits established by the Clearing Member for that customer=20
that have been communicated to the executing broker as provided by the rule=20
or (2) the trade is an error for which the executing broker is responsible.
! The new rule also places affirmative obligations on executing brokers to=20
confirm Clearing Member authorization for an account.  For example, prior to=20
an executing broker accepting and executing an initial order for any new=20
customer account, such executing broker must confirm with the Clearing Member=20
by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(a) the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(b) the account number;
(c) the brokerage rate;
(d) the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with=20
the executing broker for that account; and
(e) a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that=20
account.
Moreover, the executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or the=20
specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite party,=20
date, time, and any other relevant information.  The Compliance Department=20
will conduct periodic audits of such records, and falsification of such=20
information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.
If you have any questions concerning this new rule, please contact Bernard=20
Purta, Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Operations, at (212)=20
299- 2380; Thomas LaSala, Vice President, NYMEX Compliance Department, at=20
(212) 299-2897; or Arthur McCoy, Vice President, Financial Surveillance=20
Section, NYMEX Compliance Department, at (212) 299-2928,
NEW RULE 9.11A (=01&Give-Up Trades=018)
(Entire rule is new.)
Rule 9.11A Give-Up Trades
In the absence of a give-up agreement whose terms and conditions govern the=20
responsibilities/obligations of executing brokers, customers and Clearing=20
Members, the following rules shall define the respective=20
responsibilities/obligations of those parties to an order.  The =01&executing=20
broker=018, as used in this rule, is the registered billing entity, Member Firm=20
or Floor Broker to whom the order is transmitted.
(A)   Responsibilities/Obligations of Clearing Members
(1). Limits Placed by Clearing Member.   A Clearing Member may, in its=20
discretion, place trading limits on the trades it will accept for give-up for=20
a customer=01,s account from an executing broker, provided however, that the=20
executing broker receives prior written or electronic notice from the=20
Clearing Member of the trading limits on that account.  Notice must be=20
shall be retained by the Clearing Member.
(2). Trade Rejection.  A Clearing Member may reject (=01&DK=018) a trade only if: =20
(1) the trade exceeds the trading limits established under Section I(A) of=20
this rule for that customer and it has been communicated to the executing=20
broker as described in Subsection (A); or (2) the trade is an error for which=20
the executing broker is responsible.  If a Clearing Member has a basis for=20
rejecting a trade, and chooses to do so in accordance with the provisions of=20
Rule 2.21(B), it must notify the executing broker promptly.
(3). Billing.  A Clearing Member will pay all floor brokerage fees incurred=20
for all transactions executed by the executing broker for the customer and=20
subsequently accepted by the Clearing Member by means of the ATOM system. =20
Floor brokerage fees will be agreed upon in advance among the Clearing=20
Member, customer and the executing broker.
(B) Responsibilities/Obligations of Executing Brokers
(1) Customer Order Placement.  An executing broker will be responsible for
determining that all orders are placed or authorized by the customer.  Once=20
an order has been accepted, a broker or the broker=01,s clerk must:
(a) confirm the terms of the order with the customer;
(b) accurately execute the order according to its terms;
(c) confirm the execution of the order to the customer as soon as=20
practicable; and
(d) transmit such executed order to the Clearing Member as soon as=20
practicable in accordance with Exchange Rules and procedures.
2. Use of Other Persons.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the executing=20
broker is allowed to use the services of another broker in connection with=20
the broker=01,s obligations under these rules.  The executing broker remains=20
responsible to the customer and Clearing Member under these rules.
3.  Executing Broker Responsibility for Verifying Clearing Member =20
Authorization.  Prior to a broker accepting and executing an initial order=20
for any new customer account, the executing broker must confirm with the=20
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(f) the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(g) the account number;
(h) the brokerage rate;
(i) the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with=20
the executing broker for that account; and
(j) a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that=20
account.
The executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or the specifics=20
of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite party, date, time,=20
and any other relevant information.  The falsification of such information=20
shall be the basis for disciplinary action.
4. Rejection of Customer Order.  Where an executing broker has confirmed=20
Clearing Member authorization to execute orders on behalf of a customer in=20
accordance with this Rule 9.11A, the broker may, in the broker=01,s discretion,=20
reject an order that the customer transmits to the broker for execution.  The=20
broker shall promptly notify the customer and the Clearing Member(s) of any=20
such rejection.
__________________________________________________
You may already have this but I thought I'd send it along.
www.tech.prsa.org/recruit.html 
From marshallconsultants.com
SENIOR MEDIA RELATIONS PROFESSIONALS with the savvy to deal with varied and=20
sensitive issues needed for the leading organization in one of North America=01,
s top spectator sports.? Work will require heavy travel to sporting events=20
across the country =01) in some cases as many as 30 weekends per year away from=20
home base.? Salaries are open, starting at about $80K but potentially going=20
higher than that. (Contact Justin Meyer) ? Email Justin Meyer
Mark Elliott
02/23/99 10:03 AM
Mark, 
Further to my e-mail to you of last week on the above subject, I have now 
reviewed the due diligence which was undertaken by Enron Houston with local 
Indian Counsel (Crawford Bailey & Co.) on the above topic in January 1997 That due diligence reveals the following:
Prior Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") approval required to do business in 
India:  If  Enron is considered to be "doing business in India" (which it 
would, for example, if we had a branch or entity there) we shall require the 
prior consent of the  RBI under Section 29 (1) (a) Foreign Exchange 
Regulation Act 1973 ("FERA") e.g. to set up the branch or entity.  Please 
note that at the date of the opinion from Indian counsel (14th January, 
1997), Indian counsel opined that no guidelines had been set down as to any 
conditions necessary to be satisfied by a foreign company in order to obtain 
approval from the RBI to do business in India.  This needs to be revisited as 
to the requirements.
Repatriation of proceeds / Exchange Control:  Please note that in the 
approval which would need to be obtained from the RBI, such approval would 
state whether the revenues generated in India could be repatriated e.g., to 
the USA, or not.  I assume that we would require such ability to repatriate 
and so we shall have to ensure that the RBI approval covered it.  We also 
need to check if there are now any limits to such repatriation 
FX / Interest Rate dealings:
A. It would appear that if we open a desk in India for FX and Interest Rate 
Products for the Enron Group (i.e., an internal Treasury Desk) to trade with 
dealers in India then dealings would be required to be in accordance with 
either the Rules framed by the RBI or otherwise specifically approved by the 
RBI 
B. FX Products could be entered into with authorised dealers in India and 
would be subject to limitations on dealings in foreign exchange imposed by 
the FERA.  Please note that if transactions are outside the scope of the 
general rules framed by the RBI and which are not otherwise specifically 
approved by the RBI this may result in a contravention of FERA.  It is not 
clear what are the exact ramifications of  dealings in contravention of FERA; 
this needs to be investigated. 
C. What are the Rules of FERA (see A above)?  It appears that the RBI 
requires authorised dealers in India to ensure that their customers are 
actually exposed to exchange risk in respect of a genuine underlying 
transaction before entering into rate protection transactions to hedge their 
exposure to movements in currency rates or interest rates, and authorised 
dealers are required to satisfy themselves that underlying commitments are 
firm and that forward cover is not being provided for merely anticipated 
deals.   The opinion does not state how this verification is obtained by the 
dealer.   It appears, however, that there was a relaxation of the Rules 
shortly before the 1997 due diligence was undertaken whereby authorised 
dealers could offer certain derivative products in certain circumstances to 
corporates either by booking a transaction overseas or on a back-to-back 
basis without seeking the approval of the RBI.  These transactions are the 
following:
1. Interest Rate Swaps.
2. Currency Swaps.
3. Coupon Swaps.
4. Purchase of Interest Rate CAPS/Collars.
5. Forward rate agreements.
In order to take advantage of that relaxation however the authorised dealers 
are required to ensure that:
(i) The RBI has given final approval for the conclusion of the underlying 
loan transactions.
(ii) The notional principal amount of the hedge does not exceed the 
outstanding amount of the loan.
(iii) The maturity of the hedge does not exceed the remaining life to 
maturity of the underlying loan
(iv)  The Board of Directors of the corporate to have approved (a once and 
for all basis is sufficient) the relevant financial limits and the authorised 
designated officials who can conclude the hedge transactions.
Please note that the derivatives mentioned above concern the hedging of 
underlying "loan" transactions.  Hence query, e.g., whether a simple currency 
swap just to hedge exposure in one currency where there is no actual 
underlying loan has the benefit of any exemption - and if not, query how one 
obtains the prior approval of the RBI to do this.  This needs to be 
investigated.  If transactions cannot take advantage of an exemption we shall 
need to investigate how one obtains the specific approval of the RBI to a 
transaction 
Speculative transactions are void:  Please note that transactions entered 
into for purely speculative reasons would be void pursuant to Section 30 of 
the Indian Contract Act 1872.  Indian counsel opines that provided the rate 
or currency derivative transaction is entered into in respect of hedging or 
protection against an actual underlying then the transaction would be valid. 
Capacity and Authority: It appears that Enron would also have to ensure that 
the transactions were covered by its objects' clause and similarly that our 
counterparties' objects' clauses covered the products in which we wish to 
deal - there is no third party protection against entities dealing outside 
their capacity.  Furthermore, in relation to authority to enter into 
transactions, it would appear that we would need to authorise certain Enron 
officials to enter into specific transactions through Board Resolutions or 
Powers of Attorney and that we would need to check our counterparties' 
documentation in this regard 
Derivatives and Borrowings:  If we were to establish a company in India, we 
would be subject to the Companies Act 1956 in relation to limitation on the 
quantum of monies which it could borrow.   Any borrowing in excess of 
stipulated limits would be required to be sanctioned by the members in the 
company in general meeting.  Accordingly, in relation to derivatives' 
transactions incidental to the borrowing of monies in foreign currency, one 
would need to ensure that the underlying borrowing itself was sanctioned by 
the members of the company in general meeting. The power to borrow itself, 
must be exercised by a full meeting of the board of directors. 
Collateral: It would appear that charges taken over collateral provided received, for example, in relation to obligations under an ISDA Master 
Agreement where the cash charged was situated outside India, would be legal, 
valid and binding, as against the liquidator of an Indian counterparty in its 
insolvency; however, the approval of the RBI to the creation of the charge, 
pledge or mortgage would be necessary in the first instance.  The due 
diligence does not state how such approval would be gained nor does the due 
diligence consider outright transfers of collateral (e.g., under English law) 
rather than charges over the collateral nor does it deal with collateral 
situated locally in India;  these issues need to be checked. 
Choice of Law and Arbitration:  It would appear that Indian entities may 
enter into agreements (e.g., ISDA Masters) governed by New York or US law and 
it would appear that provisions for arbitration would work.
Insurance business:  Indian counsel opined that interest rate/FX derivative 
transactions would not be categorised as insurance business in India.
Income Tax:  Please note that if an Enron entity, or a branch of an Enron 
entity, was set up in India or if Enron appointed an agent there to undertake 
such business, then any income arising to the Enron entity / branch in India 
from a derivative transaction would be subject to Indian Income Tax.  Please 
note however that there are Double Taxation Agreements with USA, UK and 
Singapore with India.  However, no details of rates of taxation or further 
explanation of the mechanics of the Double Taxation Agreements are given in 
the opinion.
Gross-Up Clauses:  Contractual gross-up clauses re withholdings (e.g., the 
standard gross-up clause in the ISDA Master) would need to be approved by the 
RBI.  Indian counsel does not state how this is achieved. 
Close-out netting:  Whilst it appears that the netting concept of an ISDA 
Master Agreement would work according to Indian counsel, the existing due 
diligence is slightly ambiguous in that it states that an official liquidator 
or official assignee of an Indian entity would be able to disclaim 
unprofitable contracts which Indian counsel opines would mean the net sum 
(e.g., if our Indian counterparty owed us a balance on a close-out against 
them in their insolvency).  This needs to be revisited with Indian counsel.
Oral Contracts:  Please note that in relation to oral contracts, whilst it is 
possible to sue upon an oral contract in India, it is not possible to take 
any steps for the purpose of enforcing any judgement obtained except with the 
permission of the RBI under section 47 of FERA.  Indian counsel does not 
state how such approval this would be obtained and how long it would take to 
obtain. 
Mark, I suggest that we should have a brief discussion concerning the above 
before I take any further action on the above.
Kind  
Mark
Apart from obtaining the consent from the RBI to set up a branch or a 
subsidiary in India, and then to obtain the permission to repatriate to the 
US any proceeds of such business, there did not appear to be any other trade 
control or other laws which would inhibit Enron's ability to do business in 
India. 
As you already know, it's that time again.  Since I am leaving on vacation 
Friday morning, please use the system to input your suggested reviewers no 
later than noon tomorrow (Thursday) so that I can approve them and get the 
process started before I leave.  Sorry for the inconvenience.
Mark
Can you please see if you can get me out of this?  I have to talk to Ken 
Raisler with Brent & Julia at 2 and with tomorrow being my last day before 
vacation it will no doubt be too hectic to do an interview.
Melissa Dozier/ENRON@Xgate
05/09/2001 10:34 AM
I apologize for the title mess-up. Please find the revised schedule with the 
correct titles:
She's right - there are a couple of high class resorts that require long 
pants and a collared shirt but we can easily avoid those.  The first few 
years we went sailing down there I always took long pants and even a sport 
coat "just in case."  The sport coat NEVER got used.  I usually wear a pair 
of khakis on the plane since they are sometimes cold and have used them a 
couple of times down there over the years but for the most part it's a tres 
casual part of the world.
p.s.  Did you get the cruising guide I sent?
Approved.
Glad you got the  package.
I view chess as one of the incontrovertible pieces of evidence that the Peter 
Principle is in operation in my life.  I know how all the pieces move but I 
can't see more than one move ahead -- proving that I am basically an idiot 
and have advanced well beyond where I long ago should have maxed out 
professionally.  So if you want someone to use to provide nearly unlimited 
examples of how to make mistakes in playing (while nevertheless following the 
rules), I'm your man.
"McGovern, William"  	05/09/2001 11:25 AM
Yes I did.  It looks great.  We will use the luggage tags as you suggested
and will probably be able to do all carry on.  Although, if we do it will be
a first for Amanda.  See you on Friday.  Bill
P.S. Do you play chess?  I just got a travel set and was going to teach
Amanda.  I will also have my trusty bartenders guide so I can help out with
the "sailing."
p.s.  Did you get the cruising guide I sent?
Oops - I didn't notice that your first message this morning went to Linda Amanda also.  I guess we'd better bring a pair of long pants.
"Linda Hayman"  	05/09/2001 02:16 PM
That is because amanda picked The Crab Hole in Little Dix on our last trip I 
can guaranty you that I picking the Rock Resort this time!
rn, William"  I was thinking of not packing long pants in favor of a shorts/bathing suit
only vacation.  Do you think I will need dressier attire for a restaurant or
is it "all casual all the time" down there.  Amanda said the restaurants are
converted shacks and shorts will be fine.  I just wanted to double check.
Bill
Here is a first draft of an amendment agreement.  Please feel free to rip it 
to shreds.
Peter:
My only concerns would be:
(1) To the extent of any overlap in customers (which seems unlikely but it's 
happened here), we would want all of the transactions to be in the same 
entity for netting and setoff purposes.
(2)  It's been a while since we've done any due diligence focused on retail 
financial transactions in Canada.  We are pretty restricted in that area in 
the US.  As I remember it, the new law and subsequent regulations we 
unearthed a couple of years ago may impose similar restrictions in Canada.
(3)  If traders in the US might close one of these transactions with a 
Canadian counterparty or traders in Canada transacted with a US counterparty, 
they would not be covered by the services agreement in place between Enron 
Canada and ENA.
Let me know if I can be of any help.
Mark T.
Peter Keohane
05/09/2001 03:28 PM
Mark (and Mark) are there any concerns with Enron Direct Canada (EDC) (the 
mass markets retail affiliate, that is soon to be a subsidiary of EES) as 
opposed to Enron Canada (as wholesale affiliate of ENA) entering into 
financial transactions?  To date EDC has been entering into physical 
transactions only for gas and power under forms that have been developed 
based upon our wholesale physical contracts, Enron Direct UK's form, and 
compliance with the local regulatory requirements for retailers.  If EDC was 
to enter into financial transactions, they would tend to be papered under 
omnibus financial GTCs with EDC (as ISDAs would likely not be marketable Of course credit would need to be obtained in advance, and the transactions 
are not booked until the counterparty executes the paper.  Please let me know.
Peter.
=09Mark Greenberg@
=0904/23/2001 06:21 PM
=09=09=20
Mark -
Here is the e-mail we talked about.  The project is in relation to the=20
BankLogic module.  Please take a look at this and let me know if you think=20
Travis should be involved. =20
Thanks.
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
=09Douglas Fuehne/ENRON@Xgate
=0904/20/2001 02:45 PM
=09=09=20
Mark=20
Attached is a prelim term sheet from "Bluesox" on our potential deal with=20
them.=01; I'd like you to review it and to get the contract on this thing=20
started.=01; Of course some of the points will change, but we'd like to have at=20
least a contract structure to start out with.=01;=20
=01;
I'd like you to be the legal representative on the deal team.=01;=01; We're=20
starting our meetings next monday.
=01;
thanks mark
doug
=01;
FYI=01;- also attached is the "generic software license agreement template" I=20
contract structure out or not.=20
=01;
Doug Fuehne
e-commerce Manager
CommodityLogic
(713) 345-3992
douglas.fuehne@
=01;
All Delaware corporations are registered with the Secretary of State's office 
in Wilmington, Delaware.  Since that office is notoriously slow, if your 
counterparty is trying to get information on ECTRIC they might have better 
luck going through CT Corporation Systems, a company that is in the business 
of dealing with corporate information and issues which has access to the 
Delaware state records.  They have offices all over the place, including 
Wilmington.
Hope this is helpful.
Mark
Hello Mark:
a German counterparty asked me where in Delaware ECTRIC was incorporated. 
Obviously they want to  research the company.
Can you give me the name of the city ?
Thanks
BM
Mark Greenberg@
04/24/2001 09:00 AM
Mark -
FYI regarding the BankLogic matter.  I plan on attending to at least see 
where this is headed.  After looking at the term sheet attached to the 
earlier memo, I would be happy to be responsible for this project, but this 
may be a deal Travis is better suited for. 
If you think it is best for you to attend this afternoon, please let me know.
Mark
Senior Counsel, ENA
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3940
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
Calendar Entry:
Meeting
Begins:
Tue 04/24/2001
02:00 PM
Entry type:
Ends:
Tue 04/24/2001
03:00 PM
Chair:
Douglas Fuehne/ENRON@Xgate
Invitations already sent
Reservations already made
Rooms:
EB 2746
Time will appear free to others.
Others cannot see any details about this event.
Have Notes notify you before the event.
Categorize:
Description:
When: Tuesday, April 24, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US Canada).
Where: EB 2746
Doug Fuehne has asked you to attend a meeting to review the terms around a 
deal CommodityLogic and BankLogic are doing with a bank partner in the 
northeast US.
Mark Greenberg@
04/27/2001 04:13 PM
Doug -
Below are my initial comments to the Blue Sox information.  I have some 
additional points to make and will provide those in a separate document.  The 
document attached is based upon the latest memo you forwarded; however, it 
must be a version prior to the one you provided at the meeting as there are 
some provisions in the meeting form that are not in the attached.
Call me if you want to discuss any comments.
Mark
Senior Counsel, EWS
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3490
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
Mark Greenberg@
04/27/2001 05:36 PM
Doug -
Here are my comments.  Really only made one in relation to the E-rating Want to make sure that reliance upon this rating scale/system is at Blue Sox 
own risk.
Have a good weekend.
Mark
Senior Counsel, EWS
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3490
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
Douglas Fuehne/ENRON@Xgate
04/27/2001 04:42 PM
Mark -
I've modified the document that you sent me to reflect the latest updates 
(meeting document.)  Please review this doc.  My changes are in red;  yours 
are still in blue.  Please make any changes, and then I'll accept them and 
create the final doc 
thanks
doug
Doug Fuehne
e-commerce Manager
CommodityLogic
(713) 345-3992
douglas.fuehne@ 
Doug -
Below are my initial comments to the Blue Sox information.  I have some 
additional points to make and will provide those in a separate document.  The 
document attached is based upon the latest memo you forwarded; however, it 
must be a version prior to the one you provided at the meeting as there are 
some provisions in the meeting form that are not in the attached.
Call me if you want to discuss any comments.
Mark
Senior Counsel, EWS
Phone:     713-345-8897
Facsimile: 713-646-3490
E-Mail:      Mark.Greenberg@
I don't have copies of any of the FASB pronouncements.  I suggest you find 
one of the accountants who handles these things.  I don't know who that is so 
i would start wit Paige Grumulaitis -- she seems to know most accounting 
answers and when she doesn't, she knows who to ask.
Chris Gaffney
05/10/2001 01:36 PM
In connection with my continued efforts as co-chair of the Ontario Standard 
Bilateral contract committee I am once again going to be called upon to 
debate Ontario Power Generation as to whether the Ontario market rules allow 
for physical trading (which is our position) or is a purely financial market 
(OPG's position As part of their argument they are pointing to certain FASB rules that 
distinguish between physical and financial/derivative transactions.  Do any 
of you have a copy of or reference to such materials and/or commentary 
thereon.
My debate is to occur Monday so if you could get back to me as soon as 
possible it would be greatly appreciated.
CJG
Ken Raisler will be here on Monday, May 21 to conduct several training 
sessions for the weather and steel trading desks.  If you can work it into 
your schedule, please try and attend one or more of these sessions.  Brent 
will have further scheduling details.
Mark
Ted Bockius  	05/10/2001 05:10 PM
hilarious