The husband, looking a bit pale, said, "Yes, tootsie roll, but at the bar
 they have those hors d'oeuvres that are really delicious... I won't be
 long. I'll be right back. I promise. OK?"
 "You want hors d'oeuvres, poochi pooh?" She opened the oven and took out
 15 dishes of different hors d'oeuvres: chicken wings, pigs in a blanket,
 mushroom caps, pork strips, etc.
 "But sweet honey...at the bar...you know...there's swearing, dirty words
 and all that > "You want dirty words, cutie pie > ..."LISTEN, DICKHEAD! DRINK YOUR FUCKING BEER IN YOUR GOD-DAMN FROZEN MUG
 AND EAT YOUR MOTHERFUCKING SNACKS, BECAUSE YOU AREN'T GOING ANYWHERE!
 .....GOT IT, ASSHOLE >
dbaughm
hey dude -- what is your Yahoo messanger ID?  I'm logged on as
"marcthestewart".
yeah i saw it, that is a shame for the dawg!  I am very happy about
Clinton's grief!
Thursday January 3 9:46 AM ET
Clinton's Beloved Dog Buddy Killed by Car
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buddy, the chocolate retriever once seen
bounding
around the White House gardens with Bill Clinton, was killed by a car
near the former president's home in Chappaqua, N.Y., police said
Thursday.
A police officer said the dog was hit Wednesday afternoon but it was
not
clear whether it was being walked at the time or had wandered off the
property owned by Clinton and his wife, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton
``His dog was hit by a car ... we received a call yesterday
afternoon    said Sgt. Charles Ferry of the New Castle, N.Y., police that also
covers
suburban Chappaqua in Westchester County north of New York City.
The former president's spokeswoman Julia Payne said the Clintons
``are
deeply saddened by Buddy's death.'' In a statement issued by Payne,
the
family said, ``He was a loyal companion and brought us much joy. He
will
be truly missed    Payne said Buddy was 4-1/2 years old and was taken into the White
House
as Clinton's pet soon after he was born. Clinton left the White House
in
January 2001 after serving two four-year terms. Hillary Clinton
Hola senorita,
What's goin on with you? Just trying to get this business cranked up!  Yeah I've been busier that an one legged man in an ass kickin' contest!  The weekend was great, I'm pretty sure that I'll join the Krewe of Gambrinus, after Mardi Gras.  What have you been up to?  How was your weekend?  What's goin' on this week.  Find a night when I can cook you supper and have some beer & cider. I've got my sister's birthday party at Mom & Dad's tonight, but open the rest of the week.  Drop me a line when you have a chance.
Take care,
DB
Hey There What's going on?  How was your weekend? You busy with new company stuff about to kick off?
Angie
MSN Photos is the easiest way to share and print your photos: Click Here  
yeah i saw it, that is a shame for the dawg!  I am very happy about Clinton's grief!
Thursday January 3 9:46 AM ET
Clinton's Beloved Dog Buddy Killed by Car
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buddy, the chocolate retriever once seen bounding
around the White House gardens with Bill Clinton, was killed by a car
near the former president's home in Chappaqua, N.Y., police said
Thursday.
A police officer said the dog was hit Wednesday afternoon but it was not
clear whether it was being walked at the time or had wandered off the
property owned by Clinton and his wife, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton
``His dog was hit by a car ... we received a call yesterday afternoon said Sgt. Charles Ferry of the New Castle, N.Y., police that also covers
suburban Chappaqua in Westchester County north of New York City.
The former president's spokeswoman Julia Payne said the Clintons ``are
deeply saddened by Buddy's death.'' In a statement issued by Payne, the
family said, ``He was a loyal companion and brought us much joy. He will
be truly missed Payne said Buddy was 4-1/2 years old and was taken into the White House
as Clinton's pet soon after he was born. Clinton left the White House in
January 2001 after serving two four-year terms. Hillary Clinton
my yahoo is dbaughm, LOSER!
Yahoo! - Help
Hi, your friend likki_mudd (Lisa) has invited you (stewart@mallia.com)
to sign up for Yahoo! Messenger.
Message from likki_mudd (Lisa):
sign up.
Yahoo! Messenger is a free messaging service that allows you to
communicate instantly with friends, family, colleagues, and others
online. Use Yahoo! Messenger to stay in touch with friends, to
communicate privately in real-time, and to be notified when you receive
new Yahoo Mail!.
To get starting using Yahoo! Messenger, please follow these easy steps.
For Windows Users1. Download Yahoo! Messenger by clicking this link.
2. After installing Yahoo! Messenger, sign in with you Yahoo! ID and
password. If you do not have a Yahoo! ID and password, register for one
by going here.
3. Once you have logged into Messenger, add likki_mudd as a friend by
clicking here.
4. To send an instant message to likki_mudd, click here.
For Non-Windows Users1. Download Yahoo! Messenger by clicking this link
and choosing the appropriate version.
2. After installing Yahoo! Messenger, sign in with you Yahoo! ID and
password. If you do not have a Yahoo! ID and password, register for one
by going here.
3. Once you have logged into Messenger, add likki_mudd as a friend by
clicking the Add button ithe toolbar and typing in likki_mudd for the
Yahoo! ID.
4. To send an instant message to likki_mudd, click the Send button and
type in likki_mudd as the Yahoo! ID. Now type your messages and click
Send.
Invite more friends to sign up!
Thank you,
The Yahoo! Messenger Team
(A NOTE ABOUT THIS EMAIL: This message was sent via Yahoo!. DO NOT REPLY
to it because Yahoo! will receive the email. If you want to reply to
your friend -- the person who actually sent the mail -- compose a new
message. Thanks!)
of Service - Help 
Thanks man, that is awesome!
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year!
DB
When you guys get back into the office, check your bottom right-hand drawer.
Merry Christmas,
Mike
I hope that we are planning to contest this proposed amendment.
On October 15, 2001, the Midwest ISO filed an amendment to 
Section 17.5 of its Open Access Transmission Tariff to charge 
a fee for non-confirmed transmission service requests for 
transmission service greater than one week. Midwest ISO 
has requested an effective date December 15, 2001.
Interventions and protests are due November 5.
Let me know if you need further information.
Susan Lindberg
713.853.0596
Awesome!
Yes, I believe we will.  It is a $1000 penalty -- ridiculous.  We will oppose the concept of a penalty in general, as well as the amount, which seems very arbitrary.  We are also requesting, in a separate proceeding, a moratorium on tariff filings by MISO until the Midwest RTO process has progressed sufficiently to allow meaningful consideration of the tariff.
I am not sure who is doing the writing but we'll run a draft by you 
I hope that we are planning to contest this proposed amendment.
On October 15, 2001, the Midwest ISO filed an amendment to 
Section 17.5 of its Open Access Transmission Tariff to charge 
a fee for non-confirmed transmission service requests for 
transmission service greater than one week. Midwest ISO 
has requested an effective date December 15, 2001.
Interventions and protests are due November 5.
Let me know if you need further information.
Susan Lindberg
713.853.0596
Subject:  FW: Police Warning!