Bummer - thanks for letting me know.
Master Agreements will cover trades with that entity only.
How did we ever resolve the two signed masters situation for Elf Trading S.A. 
(ECT & ECt Int'l)?
Don't forget the first session of the Conference begins at 1:00 tomorrow 
afternoon.  Attire for the entire event is casual but since the room may be 
cool and we hope to have dinner outside, you may want a sweater or jacket.
These master agreements will work for any North American financial product 
Frank L Davis
10/27/99 03:58 PM
Mark,
The attached spreadsheet contains the counterparties with which Canadian-only 
financial masters have been identified.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Frank
x37235
Thanks for spelling it out for me.  I WILL be in NYC this weekend and, while 
I have done it before and found it to be all you describe, would enjoy going 
to the parade with you.  As I remember it, the trick to limiting the 
aggravating and full of people factor is deciding where to watch and when to 
be there.   The embarrassment factor is significantly reduced by refusing to 
participate in the actual parade oneself and not knowing any participants (or 
at least not acknowledging them as they pass).  Do you have the time and 
route?  Maybe we can grab a bite to eat somewhere nearby.
As far as getting in the mood goes, try   (I should 
know how to make that a link but I don't).
I'll definitely bring the cruising guide and a map if I can find it.  None of 
the videos I have is right on point (either the wrong size boat is involved 
or they're too advanced) but I'll bring them along anyway.  I have mixed 
feelings about bringing  Heavy Weather Sailing - I don't want to 
unnecessarily alarm anyone but we do want G to go to the doctor for the 
Transderm Scop patch!
Feel free to bring anything to get us in the mood!
The question, Mark, was did you mean you were in NYC this weekend?  G seemed
to feel something else was meant and I am not one to argue.  This weeked has
the parade in the village, which could be fun, embarrassing or just
aggravating and full of people, but I think I am going for a look-see. So if
you are around and not feeling that you have done it all in the past, then
we should meet up (provided, of course that your email meant that you were
in NYC this w/end) and we can chat some BVI.  It would be nice to see you,
in any event.
B