- Minutes of July 14 Pooling Meeting ELP1.doc
- Pooling Point Daily Average Quantities 1999 and 2000.xls
- Proposed Pooling Example.doc
- Alternate Pooling Example.doc
- Proposals Matrix.doc
Below is a summary of the discussions last week regarding the complaint 
against El Paso for oversubscribing the Socal Topock Point.
The meeting started out by summarizing the dollar impact of the Border cuts 
to Amoco and Burlington of $3 million dollars and the additional fuel costs  
of $15 million that they have incurred when the mainline fuel was reduced and 
the gathering fuel was increased.  Accordingly, producers are seeking a 
minimum of $17  million in compensation in some form or  another.
The biggest concern is that a total of 1.2 bcf/day is being nominated at the 
Socal Topock which can only deliver 540000 mmbtu/day.   Socal Gas stated that 
this problem should go away when there system becomes unbundled (referred to 
as Gatekeeper)..  The proceeding is currently pending CPUC approval and could 
be implemented as early as October 1, 2001.  When the Gatekeeper is 
implemented  , only 540000 mmbtu/day will be accepted at the Socal Topock 
border and must match up with the intra-state transport 
SoCal Gas suggested taking the 1.2 bcf/day of nominations at the Topock 
delivery point and divide it up based on the original intent of the 
capapcity-  400 to Mohave; 540 to Socal Topock;  and 180 to PGE Topock.  They 
also stated they would accept less than 540 at Topock but  needed a minimum 
of 300 to meet core needs.  However, they wanted some type of compensation if 
their volume was reduced.   They also agreed to live with the status quo 
until the Gatekeeper was implemented.  This would result in firm rights being 
established at Socal Topock based on downstream rights.
Williams owns Block 3 capacity and is willing to look at a CD reduction or a 
reduced take requirement or use of alternate points with a rate adjustment.
After much discussion,  El Paso came back with the following counter proposal:
Recommended interim solution until Socal Gatekeeper implemented.  Does not 
relate to receipt point rights.
1)  Block 1 Capacity will always be alternate to Socal Topock (198000);
2)Block II Capacity can not be sold at PGE Topock (614000)
3) Amoco and OneOk each have a contract 45000/d which can go to Topock or 
Ehrenberg.  It is recommended that they
give up their Ehrenberg right and keep Topock right and Socal will give up 
like amount at Topock as well as shift an additional  70000 mmbtu/day from 
Topock to Ehrenberg resulting in approx. 115000 being shifted  to Ehrenberg.
4) Rights fro expansion shippers would be carved up as follows:
Socal Topock   PGE/Mohave Topock
Texaco   40    135
Burlington  26    74
Aero   5    15
Borax   7    12
LADWP  0    36
SWGas   0    20
5) Socal Topock would now be divided as follows:
Expansion Shippers  78000 
Socal Gas           425000
BLK 3                               348000 (25-Amoco;20-Oneok;99-Williams;189 
El Paso Merchant;15-Wlliams)
Total 851000
540 divided by 841 would result in 37 percent cuts or 63 percent thruput.
The producers were not happy with having to live with 37 percent cuts and 
felt that any transport sold after their Sept 28 complaint should be cut off 
the top which would be El Paso merchant services Blk 3.
Separate meetings were then held amongst the Topock shippers to duscuss El 
Paso's counter -proposal 
Producer group came back and told El Paso that they want the 63 percent 
thruput increased.  Will accept CD reduction, rate design change or other 
forms of compensation.   For  the recommended volumes moved to Mohave/Pge 
Topock, they would consider a 30 percent reduction in CD demand as well as 
converting that path to a 100 volumetric rate.  In other words, if the 
producers used the delivery point, they would pay max rate.  If they did not, 
they would not pay anything.
Block 3 shippers would agree to reduce deliveries to Socal Topock if their 
deals were converted to an agreed upon load factor-maybe 70 percent.  For 
volumes shifted to non-Socal Points , they also want a 100 percent volumetric 
rate.
Bottom-line is  how much dollars is El Paso willing to pay to resolve this 
case.  Each party is requested to submit a proposal to El Paso and they will 
study  its entirety.  No follow-up meeting was scheduled.
Another topic that was also being discussed at the meeting was the perceived 
gaming on the system by the full-requirements customers-ie nominating more 
gas than they need in anticipation of cuts.  It is thought that if this could 
be controlled there may be more certainty in the san juan regarding flows El Paso recommended the following :  Limit noms on Cycle 1 from San Juan 
based on previous day's  total nom from all basins.   No limits on Cycle 
2-4.  This caused some concerns because of week-end load swings 
andfluctuatingpower-plant loads.  However, eoc's were willing to establish a 
technical committee to work on a formula if theSocal Topock point gets 
resolved.
Regarding pooling, El Paso is proposing to add 8 additional pools in the 
keystone and 3 additonal pools in the san juan and 1 additional pool in the 
bondad.  This process is in its early stages of conflict.  Most people (Duke, 
Southern, Williams, Coral)  are not on board with this.  I will keep you 
advised of development.  Please advise if you have any questions.
Jane, any chance you or Randy or Tori could go to this meeting?  Norm has 
called it for this Friday, presumably to discuss some of the points you 
raised in your discussion with him (according to the voice mail he left me It will be in El Paso, starting at 1:00 pm MT.
Unfortunately, I don't think I can make it, and I've left Norm a voice mail 
message to that effect.  However, I'm not too optimistic about it getting 
rescheduled for next week.  I'm losing 2-1/2 days going to Las Vegas for the 
settlement conference as it is, and I will have to get my Order 637 comments 
finalized by Friday afternoon in order to get them filed next Monday.  We 
have some big problems with segmentation proposals (or lack thereof) for 
Columbia and CNG, as well as some issues on several of the other pipelines 
that filed.
Below are (1) a notice and agenda for a meeting July 14 in El Paso, (2) a
list of the invitees, (3) a draft of the goals that was sent out after the
last meeting and (4) a list of the receipt points grouped into the 18
pooling areas that we will be discussing.  Thank you to everyone who has
taken the time to discuss the 18 pool alternative (orginally the 16 pool
alternative).
If you have any questions regarding arrangements in El Paso, please contact
Ms. Susan Johnson at 915-496-2239.
Have a safe trip and I will see you Friday.
Norm
Goals 20000606.doc>>  <<Pooling Point Daily Average Quantities 1999 and
2000.xls>>
- Notice and agendas July 14.doc
- Invitees july 14.doc
- Draft of Goals 20000606.doc
- Pooling Point Daily Average Quantities 1999 and 2000.xls
What am I suppose to do?  I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute 
regarding the price of crude on certain days or what?  I think this is an old 
del that Fred Lagrasta did.
Why are you sending this to me 
Since I do not track actual volume flows , you probably can contact Morgan at 
ext 36406.  She handles border flows.
When are we going to lunch in your new car?
I just received the shirts this morning.  They are perfect.  It's a pleasure 
doing business with you.
that is amazing
I don't think I do but thanks anyway.
It's not looking good to come visit you this summer.  Deb is moving into her 
new house sometime during th end of July and then she promised to take her 
nieces and nephews on vacation sometime this summer.  I think we are going to 
try for next spring or summer to come visit you if the offer is still open Sorry- I'm sure you are disappointed.  However, if something changes, we will 
let you know.
See attached letter and spread sheets relating to the June 12 ADR
Conference.
   > Advantage.xls    - Data Response of June 21.doc
- June 12 With SOH Upgrade But No EOC Advantage.xls
- June 12 Without SOH Upgrade And No EOC Advantage.xls
Us girls have talked about visiting you but just couldn't agree on a date Joe and I just got back from a vacation in Banff, Canada with Jackie and 
Dannie.  We had a wonderful time.  We did some major hiking there.  It was so 
relaxing.  We had no t.v. or phone for a week.  We're going to Montana over 
Labor Day week-end for Joe's niece's wedding.  Can't believe Joe and I are 
taking 2 vacatins this year.  Regarding logistically getting to your ranch, 
is it possible to fly into Colorado Springs or do we need to fly into 
Denver?  We would love to come visit you if we can agree on a date because I 
love to hike.
Dear Janie:
Your User ID number is ENR01 and your password is password.
Please note, your deadline is July 17, 2000.  Please read all
instructions attached to this message.
Happy Bidding!
- 2000bidltr.doc
Becky-  If Burlington and Amoco have the right to turn back east end 
transport-ENA would like to be included in that group regarding turning back 
our Havasou transport.
Sorry , I have not given you feedback earlier but I've been on vacation Randy continues to do an excellent job.  He anticipates questions and usually 
has the answers.  He is a very dedicated employee and continues to expand on 
his knowledge base.  He has helped the traders trade the permian and waha 
points on a daily basis and such commercial experience has proven to be very 
valuable regarding looking for alternatives to move gas.  The only area for 
improvement that I might suggest would be to challenge others or state his 
opinion if he has a different opinion from others rather than not say 
anything or go along with the status quo.  He tends to want to be 
nonconfrontational which is not a bad thing but this is a tough environment 
and he could get run over if he does not state his opinion.
As promised during today's meeting, attached is a file containing some data
on the quantity of gas physically flowing out of each of the receipt basins
for the period 1998 through June 8, 2000.  The data was taken from the VISA
system (note the index numbers on the spreadsheet) and is presented
graphically and as tabular values.
The flow west on the southern system is shown as the sum of west flow
through Pecos River and Waha stations less the east flow from Cornudas.
This represents the net volume flowing west from Cornudas Station into the
combined low and high pressure southern systems.  It eliminates the volumes
moved east to Waha for delivery into the Texas intrastate pipelines at Waha.
 Bill Healy
 (915) 496-2144
 healyb@epenergy.com
- Basin Receipts.xls
 As promised at the May 16 ADR session, attached is a list of business
 objectives from the meeting compiled by El Paso Natural Gas.