Dear Vince,
I am curious whether you are familiar with the attached Darden school case
on Enron... FYI.
John Martin and I would really like to try to interest you in coming to
campus sometime this fall to present a faculty seminar.  Selfishly, I would
also like to try arrange such a visit so that I can have you present to my
risk management class.  I called Shirley Crenshaw today, and she mentioned
that you were on your way back from Poland, so I hope we'll be able to talk
soon about the possibility of a visit this fall.  The best number for
reaching me is 512-751-3709.
Thanks,
Jim Garven
_________________________________________
James R. Garven, Ph.D.
Professor of Finance & Insurance
Department of Finance, Insurance and Real Estate
Hankamer School of Business
HSB 336
Baylor University
Box 98004
Waco, TX  76798
Voice (Baylor): (254) 710-6207
Voice (Austin Home): (512) 794-0337
Cellphone: (512) 751-3709
Fax: (603) 994-6680
E-mail:  James_Garven@baylor.edu
Home Page Vita Research Paper Archive _________________________________________
- Enron Corporation's Weather Derivatives.pdf 
If you are not single, I apologize.  Please forward this to 
your single friends or family members. They are likely to be 
grateful to you. 
This tool searches all major dating sites.  No need to go to 
hundreds of dating sites.  With just one search, you can have 
over 15 million singles' profiles/pictures to choose from And it is free. 
Cindy Goldberg 
P.S.  If you want to unsubscribe, reply with subject "unsubscribe"  [IMAGE]
Here's a piece I wrote for the ESAI Monthly Power Market report. I'd love
your comments if you have time to send them.
,
Ed
Edward N. Krapels, PhD
Director
ESAI Power and Gas Services
tel 781 245 2036
cell 617 899 4948
ekrapels@esaibos.com
www.esai.com
- Continental Divide.pdf 
Vince,
This makes interesting reading.
,
Sandeep.
THE ECONOMIC TIMES
Monday, July 09, 2001 Enron chairman coming today, Girish Kuber=20
The above article was also reported in the following newspaper:
THE TIMES OFINDIA
Monday, July 09, 2001 Enron chief to discuss Dabhol with Prabhu=20
The above article was also reported in the following newspapers:
BUSINESS STANDARD
Monday, July 09, 2001 MSEB should be privatised, says Godbole panel
Wade Cline, chief executive of the Indian operations of Enron Corp, said today in New Delhi that he was optimistic about working through the payment dispute with MSEB."There are a variety of options, and we are trying to work out solutions," he said after a meeting with the finance secretary."We are having good meetings with the ministry. So, we are optimistic," Cline said. He added he had briefed the finance secretary ahead of the meeting of Kenneth Lay, chairman of Enron, with finance minister Yashwant Sinha. Lay is also due to meet power minister Suresh Prabhu and other senior officials today in connection with the payment dispute between Enron's Dabhol Power Company and MSEB.
The Enron chairman Kenneth Lay, during his closely-guarded India visit, will hold talks with the Prime Minister AB Vajpayee, the Union Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha, Union Minister for Power Suresh Prabhu and some of the upcountry contacts. Mr Lay, during his short visit commencing from late Sunday night, may also hold talks with the Congress president Sonia Gandhi and various political and business leaders in New Delhi. Informed sources told The Financial Express that efforts are on to organise a meeting with the Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and his colleagues in the ministry.The Dabhol Power Company (DPC) declined to give details about Mr Lay's visit. "We don't want to comment," said its spokesman Jimmy Mogal. Mr Lay's visit deserves special significance, especially when the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) has stopped power purchase from DPC since May 29, after issuing a notice to rescind its power purchase agreement with DPC. MSEB has also got shot in the arm when the Mumbai high court dismissed a writ petition filed by the DPC challenging the jurisdiction of Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission to adjudicate upon its dispute and difference with MSEB.
Mr Lay, who alongwith DPC's former chief executive officer Rebecca Mark had convinced the necessity for survival of Dabhol project to the previous Shiv Sena-BJP government in 1996 and 1998, may have to make similar efforts again. Mr Lay in early May had made it clear that "India can illafford the very public fight the Dabhol has become. It sends a bad signal to the rest of the world as to the difficulties of investors in India, which is not what India needs right now." Mr Lay further said that "India needs a lot of foreign investment if the country expects to build up its infrastructure." However, Mr Sinha had contested Mr Lay's claim and said that "there is no need for us to think that because there is a problem with Enron, it is necessarily going to act as a dampner to foreign direct investment.Mr Lay's visit is also crucial, especially when the the Congress president Sonia Gandhi during here recent US visit has assured the American leadership that the Congress-led government in Maharashtra will make every effort to amicably resolve the Enron controversy. The former union finance minister Dr Manmohan Singh, who was accompanying the Congress president, had told the US leadership that the effort now is to find an amicable and mutually satisfactory solution based on purely economic and business considerations.
Meanwhile, DPC has relaunched an advertisement campaign entitled " why do I then write to you today?" coinciding Mr Lay's visit. However, the anti-Enron lobby is quite amused to see the ad campaign as it alleged that the DPC is misleading the people. According to a senior leader of anti-Enron movement, it clearly shows that Enron had minted money during its operation since may 1999 and it has funds to spend on ad campaign, especially when the power generation has been closed since May 29. The anti-Enron lobby is expected to press for the judicial probe against Dabhol deal at the coordination committee meeting of the constituents of the ruling Democratic Front scheduled for July 11.=20
The chief executive of Enron Corp's Indian arm said on Monday he was optimistic about working through the company's payment dispute with a local utility. "There are a variety of options facing us with the project. We are just trying to work through those," Wade Cline told reporters in the Indian capital after a meeting with the finance secretary. "We are having good meetings with the ministry, so we are optimistic," Cline said. He added he had briefed the finance secretary ahead of Enron Corp Chairman Kenneth Lay's meeting with Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha. Lay is due to meet Sinha, the power minister and senior officials in connection with the payment dispute between Enron's Dabhol Power Co and the Maharashtra State Electricity Board which has defaulted on payments of $48 million to Dabhol. Enron's project is the largest direct foreign investment in India. Its first phase of 740 MW was completed in 1998, while a second phase adding another 1,444 MW was almost complete when its contractor stopped work because of the dispute. (Reuters)
Coming down heavily on the ruling DF government for raking up old issues and pressing for reversal of the names of Sambhaji Nagar and Dharashiv to their original names, Atul alleged "the government is practising revengeful politics." Flaying the DF government for adopting a communal overtone, the resolution further stated that the state government's attitude is aimed at disturbing the social harmony of the state. The BJP's changed stand on contesting the local self-governing bodies election also figured at the meeting which passed a resolution calling for an alliance with the Shiv Sena during the zilla parishad and civic elections, deviating from its earlier stand of '100 per cent bjp', Atul said. Around 300 party workers, including BJP leaders, Gopinath Munde, Union ministers Ram Naik, Pramod Mahajan and Jaywantiben Mehta were among those who attended the meeting, presided over by the state BJP president, Pandurang Phundkar. The meeting will conclude on Sunday, Atul added. (PTI)=20
The state executive of the BJP in Maharashtra on Saturday passed a resolution favouring a judicial probe into all aspects of the controversial agreement signed between the state government and the US energy major Enron. The resolution is perceived by political analysts as a move aimed at forcing the DF government to agree to a judicial probe into the Enron issue even though the ruling DF coordinating committee had earlier deferred a decision on the question to July 11. At a closed door meeting held at Dombivali in Thane district on Saturday, the BJP state executive stated that "it had nothing to hide and is in favour of a judicial probe." The resolution also lambasted the DF government for 'playing politics' and 'trying to settle scores with the NCP chief Sharad Pawar,' according to BJP spokesman B Atul.=20
"If there is a demand for a judicial enquiry into the Enron issue, the BJP is not opposed to it," he said. The change in the BJP's stand on the Enron issue at this juncture is significant as the BJP national vice president Gopinath Munde had earlier opposed a judicial probe in the matter. Coming down heavily on the ruling DF government for raking up old issues and pressing for reversal of the names of Sambhaji Nagar and Dharashiv to their original names, Atul alleged, "the government is practising revengeful politics." Flaying the DF government for adopting a communal overtone, the resolution further stated that the state government's attitude is aimed at disturbing the social harmony of the state.=20
The BJP's changed stand on contesting the local self governing bodies election also figured at the meeting which passed a resolution calling for an alliance with the Shiv Sena during the zilla parishad and civic elections, deviating from its earlier stand of shatpratishat bha ja pa (100 per cent BJP), Atul said. Around 300 party workers, including BJP leaders, Gopinath Munde, union ministers Ram Naik, Pramod Mahajan and Jaywantiben Mehta were among those who attended the meeting, presided over by the state BJP president, Pandurang Phundkar. The meeting will conclude on Sunday, Atul added. (PTI)=20
According to the report, the interested companies would have to infuse capital investment in the distribution and generation networks with an increased rate of return at about 4.8 per cent, sources explained. The 200-plus pages report draws a detailed road map for the need to privatise MSEB, a different model from what was implemented in other states, sources added. The sources said experiences of Orissa, Haryana, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh were closely studied by the panel and then it decided to recommend this model of privatisation. "The mantra of privatisation of only distribution network has failed all over the country", official sources said. The report has emphasised on creating distribution network zones in the state's urban and rural areas respectively, bids for which could be invited for, they said. "The rural zones are very crucial for us", sources said adding, "the report recommends that these should be handed over to any private party, be it a co-operative like the Pravara Electricity or a non-governmental organisation with a clear cut subsidy payout". The committee has also worked out a subsidy model, which would intersperse with a special "transmisssion charge" levied by the state government after privatisation to the companies, official sources said. "The report suggests that the transmission company should levy a surcharge over an above the billing chargs, which would be used for recovering the cross-subsidies", the sources said. The aim to privatise only distribution and generation is to facilitate pure trade of power and avoid any kind of other interferences, mainly political, the sources added. (PTI)=20
When Enron Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Lay arrives in India today to try to renegotiate the Dabhol power project, he will find that his employees are certain the company will pull out of the venture. " Everyday the government adopts a new stance. We have been given an indication that the company will pull out," said a senior officer working with Dabhol Power Company (DPC), Enron' s Indian subsidiary. " When the company was ready to renegotiate, the state government was adamant that it wouldn't hold any discussions. Now, when they are pressing for renegotiations and a reduction in tariff, the company is not willing. Lay will meet Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee and apprise him of the state government' s changing stands," he said. The atmosphere at the Veldoor plant near Dabhol is one of gloom. Recently, several thousand workers were laid off when the plant was forced to shut down because the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) refused to purchase electricity. MSEB claimed that DPC did not fulfil conditions of the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA). " There used to be 10,000 labourers working at the plant, either on the construction of the second phase, which is 90 per cent complete, or for the first phase generating electricity. Today, the plant looks like a smashaan (cemetery). Workers keep asking each other who is the next to go. It is sad," he said.Till recently, the main gate of the plant would be thronged by daily wage workers. Today, there are hardly any. Even those having permanent jobs with DPC are not sure if their jobs are safe. Stories of how even senior officers were shown the door in an unceremonious manner are making the rounds. " The other day a very senior officer was told that he was not required any more. By the time he reached his residence provided by the company, his phone lines were cut. He had to go out and phone relatives and friends. He was asked to collect his dues the next day. On arriving at the gate, he was in for another shock. He was asked to get himself a visitor' s pass with restricted access. It was shocking," said a contractor.
Enron is going back, and going back with it are the riches it brought to Guhagar and Dabhol talukas. Most hit are traders at Shringartali (Tali), a market that is 10 km away from Veldoor, where Enron built its 2000 plus mw thermal power plant. The crash here has been more severe than the dotcom crash as business volumes have reduced by more than 1000 per cent and the real-estate market has hit rock bottom.Says Uday Deolekar, who owns a building material shop at Tali, "It used to be Diwali time while the project was on. On Sundays, the four-lane road would throb with buyers." The party was over, however, with the state Government pulling the plug on Enron. Gloom took over as workers started leaving the project site around February. There has been little business activity since then.Deolekar used to run a small shop of pan-beedi and groceries till about eight years ago when Enron came to Dabhol. Construction activity picked up in the area and Deolekar, with his brother-in-law Mohan Sansare, seized the opportunity and started supplying building material. Business flourished and the Sansares took over a plot of land to open four more shops. Sitting at one of them, Deolekar is waiting for customers today."Villagers in Tali and nearby areas wanted to refurbish their houses to accommodate paying guests coming in hordes. There was great demand for accommodation and hardly any supply. While blue-collar workers were happy with dormitory-type arrangements, white-collar officials wanted one-room, kitchen, attached bath type apartments. Many villagers started constructing lodges and boarding houses to cater to demand. Little did they realise that the party would have come to an end in any case once the construction was over," says Deolekar.
However, his brother-in-law Mohan is happy that Enron is going back. "They were quite arrogant. They may have brought money to this area, but they also brought all the vices - booze, gambling and what not. Enron will go back, cash flow will dry up but these vices will now remain with us forever," he says. He wants an Indian company to take over the plant and run it. Naseemshet, owner of Kasam Mohammed Memon shop, is one of the biggest traders in Tali. "I used to work for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). When Enron officers came here in 1994, they stayed in my guesthouses. I was pressurised by the party then to break off my ties with them, but I told myself I must keep politics out of business. I am happy I did that. See how BJP leaders are now backing the project to the hilt. I received bulk orders and business shot up. Last three years were crazy. Now we are back to square one - catering to around 6,000 buyers from nearby villages," he says.
The Memons rented out an entire building, accommodating around nine persons for Rs 21,000 a month during boom time. Now the building does not have any takers even for Rs 3,000 per month. The Memons had also started a transport business seeing the vast money involved. Dabhol Power Company (DPC) used to pay Rs 45,000 per month to hire a Tata Sumo. "Our drivers started their own business. After the crash, they have come back to us begging for Rs 2,500-a-month job. But now I can't afford them," he says. Nandu Bartakke, who owns a grocery shop in Guhagar, recalls how Rs 10 per kg rice would be termed as "expensive" by locals. "After they got jobs at DPC, however, their lifestyles changed. They wanted Surti Kolam rice, which costs Rs 24 per kg. If I said it was costly, they would tell me they couldn't digest the Rs 10 per kg rice. They forgot that they grew on that rice," he says. Most of these locals, who had suddenly become rich with their Rs 10,000-a-month jobs with DPC, are yet to get over the crash. Bartakke claims traders from Chiplun market, which is 35 km away from DPC site, reaped rich dividends. "They knew what an industry requires. They have been catering to MIDC's industrial estate at Lote Parshuram for years now. They carefully invested their money and focussed on what DPC needed. Hardly any of them ever indulged in temporary markets such as real estate or transport," he says.Agrees Shailesh Warwatkar, a shop-owner in Chiplun market. "We concentrated on chillar items such as plastic bags, ball pens and stuff like that. It was astonishing to see DPC paying Rs 5.25 for used gunny bag, otherwise priced at 60 paise in the market. DPC always wanted huge quantities in real quick time, and they paid any price that was quoted."=20
Not all have made money though. For Hari Babu of S N Instrumentation, the experience has come as a shocker. His company was awarded a sub-contract by Punj-Lloyd. Babu came in February and by April, DPC was sailing in troubled waters. Since mid-June Babu has hardly had any work. He has sent back 78 people from his team and is awaiting further instructions from his company's office in Kolkata. "We will sue them. How can they a terminate six months' contract just like that?" says a livid Babu. But he knows the futility of his anger. "We will sue Punj-Lloyd. Punj-Lloyd will slap case against Sanscra, the French company. Sanscra will start legal proceedings against Bechtel. Bechtel will file suit against DPC and DPC will go in arbitration against Maharashtra Government. It's a long and never-ending chain."=20
DPC auctioning jeeps, computers at throwaway prices=20
Dabhol Power Company (DPC) and several other companies who were involved in the setting up of Dabhol Power Project, have started auctioning four-wheelers, computers and are likely to put on sale refrigerators and air-conditioners.The buzz in the area is vehicles like Tata Sumos, Mahindra Armada, Commander and Jeeps are available at throwaway prices. "They are selling vehicles kilo ke hisaab se. I heard a jeep was available for just Rs 27,000," said Warwatkar. Indeed, there were a few vehicles put on sale at the site carrying a price tag of Rs 29,000 for 1997 Commanders. But the tag also mentioned of major breakdown of engine as known defects. Most other vehicles were available at a minimum bid price of Rs 60,000 onwards and looked in bad shape after a rough use in difficult terrain. Bodywork was required in most cases. Locals, however, believe it's still a good buy.
The goods are, however, are offered to employees first, who bid their price. Some of them have started selling these goods at higher prices to others. Naseem Memon bought a Mahindra Marshall for Rs 1.11 lakh through one of the employees who had bought it at company auction, and immediately got an offer of Rs 1.25 lakh. Memon is not selling it just now. "I will repair it and I am sure it will fetch at least Rs 1.75 lakh to Rs 2 lakh.," he says. The area is flooded with buyers from Mumbai, Karad, Satara and Pune. Shortly, computers, fridges and ACs will also be put on sale and DPC employees will have their hands full with requests from outsiders.
Thanks for the offer.
V. Kaminski
Attached please find the latest product offered by Btu and DTN (its parent company) called the DTNergy Wire, a comprehensive daily newsletter covering the spot and futures domestic crude oil, products markets and more. Spot product prices, crude oil prices, rack averages, refinery profit margins converge with technical futures charts, market commentary and breaking news to provide the reader with the tools and intelligence necessary whether you are a buyer or seller of oil crude or products.
We hope you will enjoy this complimentary issue of the DTNergy Wire, constructed by a dedicated staff with more than 60 years experience in the oil and energy markets from both an editorial and trading perspective.
To receive a free 30 day trial to the DTNergy Wire, just respond to this email, or call toll free 1-800-660-0875.
Sincerely,
Tom Waterman
Editor and Publisher
Btu/DTN
- oil070501.pdf  
Billy,
We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone.
I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying
to leave a very good company after a relatively short time.
Vince
Vince,
This person looks "scary smart", and when I see that, I always think of you.  Please let me know what you think.
Hope all is well with you,
Billy
Bobby,
Thank you for your interest in Enron.  I've copied Traci Warner who leads recruiting for our program.  Traci or someone from her team will follow up with you.
,
Billy Lemmons
Billy:
I hope all is well.  Per our discussion today, provided as an attachment are
my cover letter and resume.
Kind Bobby Demissie
_________________________________________________________________
- EnronCovL.doc   - Bobby's updated resume.doc  
Shirley,
Please, set up a phone interview.
Vince
Vince,
Good point.  Just let me know what you think.
Billy
Billy,
We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone.
I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying
to leave a very good company after a relatively short time.
Vince
Vince,
This person looks "scary smart", and when I see that, I always think of you.  Please let me know what you think.
Hope all is well with you,
Billy
Bobby,
Thank you for your interest in Enron.  I've copied Traci Warner who leads recruiting for our program.  Traci or someone from her team will follow up with you.
,
Billy Lemmons
Billy:
I hope all is well.  Per our discussion today, provided as an attachment are
my cover letter and resume.
Kind Bobby Demissie
_________________________________________________________________
- EnronCovL.doc   - Bobby's updated resume.doc  
Shirley,
Please, look into this meeting. Please, coordinate with Krishna.
Vince
Please let me know if you are available to attend a Zone EF Video Conference Meeting, Thursday, July 26, from 9:00 - 11:00 a.m. in  EB49C2/OMA7C2.
Thank you.
M. Pilar Ramirez
Enron Transportation Services
pilar.ramirez@
713-853-4706
@Jones: News and Information from the Jones School
December 17, 2001
Jones School Chosen as National GWIB Headquarters
Jones School Co-Hosts Discussion on Hispanic Vote -- December 18, 2001
Rice Alliance Hosts Informational, Networking Event for Former Enron
Employees -- December 19, 2001
Alumni Directory To Be Launched January 1, 2002
Alumni Happy Hour -- January 9, 2002
Rice Alliance, Executive Education Host "Markets in Transition" Symposium January 10, 2002
Dean's Lecture Series Welcomes Jim Day, CEO, Noble Drilling -- January 23,
2002
TXU Sponsors Partio -- January 24, 2002
All-Class Reunion -- February 28 - March 2, 2002
New Website Web Calendar Alums Invited to Participate in Recruiting Events
Dean Whitaker in Time Magazine
Class Gift Campaign: Frequently Asked Questions
Rice MBAby Rompers
Admissions Counselors
History
Campaign
In its second year, the Rice Graduate Women In Business already has reached
a milestone in its short history through its winning bid to become the next
national headquarters of the Graduate Women in Business. The Jones School's
winning bid was due primarily to the thoughtful and professionally presented
plan to increase membership says Lisa Kudchaker, President of Rice GWIB.
Watch the Jones School website for more details.
We just received announcement today of a special discussion on "The Impact
of the Hispanic Vote in the Houston Mayoral Election" at 2 p.m. on Tuesday,
December 18, Rm. 124, Herring Hall. The Jones School and the Houston
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce are sponsoring the lecture that features Rice
University professors Robert M. Stein of political science and Stephen L.
Klineberg of sociology.
rea=NEWSFULLSTORY
The Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship
(  wishes to be helpful to former Enron
employees who are contemplating launching a technology startup company or
former Enron employees seeking employment in an existing technology startup.
If you are interested in launching a start-up, or in being employed by a
start-up firm, we invite you to learn more about the Rice Alliance by
attending a special one-time informational event for former Enron employees
at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, December 19, Duncan Hall, Rice University. The
event is free and is open to the public. To assist us in planning, please
sign up via our website:   . The presentation
will last about 1 hour, including Q&A. Please forward this e-mail
announcement to interested parties.
Alumni will be able to use the Association of Rice Alumni Online
Directory -- a web-based database of alumni information -- at its scheduled
launch January 1, 2002. Students should have access to the directory once
the online career component is implemented, hopefully in the spring.
Alumni are invited to the next Alumni Happy Hour, to be held Wednesday,
January 9, 2002 at The Gingerman located at 5607 1/2 Morningside Drive in
the
Rice Village area. Look for the JGS Alumni meeting area, designated by a
blue and white Rice tabletop sign. The event, a chance to network with
fellow alumni, will be very informal. Please come after work (around 6
p.m.), bring friends and look for other JGSers! If you would like to
participate in planning these events or have additional input, please feel
free to contact either Brian Harry (MBA '99) at
brian.e.harry@us.pwcglobal.com, Mira Balakrishnan (MBA '95) at
mira_balakrishnan@standardandpoors.com or the JGS Alumni Office at
jgsalum@rice.edu
New business models and opportunities have been created by new markets, but
heightened concerns about privacy and security have arisen. The Rice
Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship and Rice University Executive
Education hosts the "Markets in Transition" symposium from 12:30 to 7 p.m.
on Thursday, January 10, 2002, at Alice Pratt Brown Hall, Rice University.
The event brings together national and local thought leaders to explore the
issue of privacy and security of economic transaction and personal records.
Speakers include Bob Beauchamp, CEO, BMC Software; Doug Erwin, CEO<
PentaSafe Security Technologies; and Terry Jones, CEO, Travelocity.com,
among others. For more information, contact alliance@rice.edu, phone
713-348-3443, or visit  
Jim Day, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Noble Drilling
Corp., will speak at the Dean's Lecture Series, Wednesday, January 23, 2002.
Day was elected CEO and President in 1984 and Chairman of the Board in 1993
for Noble Drilling, which operates a fleet of 49 deepwater offshore mobile
drilling units and manages nine platform operations for major operators in
the North Sea and the east coast of Canada.
$&FullStoryArea=NEWSFULLSTORY
Students, alumni, faculty, and staff are invited to the January 24 Partio
hosted by TXU Corp. Partios are hosted weekly as an informal networking
opportunity between company reps, students, alumni, and faculty. Contact Joy
Schaerrer, 713-348-5371, e-mail joys@rice.edu.
Alumni are invited to participate as volunteers in Rice MBA and MBA for
Executives recruiting events scheduled for the spring. Your help in talking
with and interviewing prospective applicants will be greatly appreciated.
Information Sessions, Open Houses, and MBA Forums will be held at the Jones
School and other venues during the spring. Contact Stacie Easterling,
Associate Director of Admissions, to volunteer for MBA Program recruiting
events: phone: 713-348-6154, easter@rice.edu. To volunteer for MBA for
Executives recruiting events, contact Kay Henry, Director, MBA for
Executives: phone 713-348-4731, henryk@rice.edu. To view a list of
recruiting events, click   and select
"Recruiting Events."
Mark your calendars for the third annual All Class Alumni Reunion Event,
scheduled from Thursday through Saturday, February 28 - March 2, 2002. Chuck
Watson, CEO, Dynegy, is keynote speaker for the 27th Annual Alumni Dinner
scheduled for February 28. Participants will enjoy the annual student/alumni
golf tournament, new building tours, and the annual reunion reception on
March 1. Alumni College and the Dean's Lunch will be held on March 2. For
more information, contact Deanna Sheaffer, MBA '96, Director of Alumni
Affairs, sheaffer@rice.edu.
The Jones School has a newly designed website: please take a look at
Look more than once, please, because the homepage
changes each time you visit. Like all websites, this one is -- and always
will be -- a work in progress. Our goal is to have the most useful and
attractive business school website possible, and your suggestions and
comments will be greatly appreciated. Assistant Director of Public Relations
Maileen Hamto is the webmaster and project manager with ESX. The design was
done by RandomSky Design Studio. Comments and suggestions are welcome:
contact Debra Thomas, dthomas@rice.edu, 713-348-6343.
The website includes the Jones School calendar that will feature all on- and
off-campus events hosted by the Jones School, including the academic
calendar, student club activities and meetings, social events, recruiting
trips, CPC-sponsored events, etc. The calendar will replace the schoolwide
internal Yahoo! calendar. Please add the URL
to your "favorites" or "bookmarks" folder
on your web browser.
Dean Gil Whitaker was featured in the global business edition of the October
29 issue of Time magazine where he was identified as a "World Beater: People
to Watch in International Business." Whitaker was chosen for his efforts to
diversify the school and pictured with a number of black, Hispanic and women
students.
SnID$
The Jones Graduate School Class Gift Challenge is to get all classes to make
class gifts to the Jones School in honor of the Next Century Campaign and
the 26th graduating class. The class (or classes) with the highest
participation rate will be honored with a dinner in the new building. For
more information, contact Maya Houston, houstonm@rice.edu phone
713-348-6145 
Alumni Moms and Dads may receive a free Rice MBAby baby romper for the
newest addition to their family. Send us a picture of your baby
wearing the romper for the alumni website.
D=$LC:SnID$
As the Jones School celebrates its 25th anniversary, we invite you take a
retrospective look at the last 25 years and a peek into the future of the
Jones School.
Learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school, and
view artist renderings of the new $60 million building, currently under
construction 
Billy,
We are in process of setting up a phone interview.
Vince
Vince,
Good point.  Just let me know what you think.
Billy
Billy,
We can give Bobby a call and carry out a preliminary interview over the phone.
I am always a bit suspicious when I see somebody trying
to leave a very good company after a relatively short time.
Vince
Vince,
This person looks "scary smart", and when I see that, I always think of you.  Please let me know what you think.
Hope all is well with you,
Billy
Bobby,
Thank you for your interest in Enron.  I've copied Traci Warner who leads recruiting for our program.  Traci or someone from her team will follow up with you.
,
Billy Lemmons
Billy:
I hope all is well.  Per our discussion today, provided as an attachment are
my cover letter and resume.
Kind Bobby Demissie
_________________________________________________________________
- EnronCovL.doc   - Bobby's updated resume.doc  
Shirley,
Also American Economic Association, American Finance Association,
Global Association or Risk Professionals (Garp).
Vince
Vince:
The only association that I show that you belong to is the IAFE.  Is that correct?
Let me know if there are any others.
Thanks!
Shirley
Dear All:
I am gathering information for a project in Corporate Human Resources. We are in the process of compling a list of Professional Associations that the Managing Directors are members of.  Would you please take a few minutes and respond with the name of
any association(s) that the your manager is a member of.
Thanks in advance for your prompt response and attention in this matter.
,
Jo Ann Matson
Enron Corp
jo.ann.matson@
(713) 345-7237
Eric,
I shall be in California at the end of this week.
Vince
Vince,
How would some time on Friday, July 20th work?  I'll be in Houston on that
day.
Thanks,
Eric
Eric,