As Enron reaches new highs (82), I hope you took my advice to buy it at 74 Did you?
-E
my bro says this place is nice but don't know how expensive
Matt told me he is going to draft an lsu player with the first pick - Eddie 
Kennison
i am going to take stephen davis 
alright, no more memos about bw3 sucking w/o suggesting an alternative. 
matt, you won't be there, so your input is worthless
bryan, two rows isn't conducive to big groups, so pick some place else.
BW sucks-lets go somewhere else.
Phillip M Love
08/07/2000 03:07 PM
From what I hear, you can't get rid of the first pick either.  I guess you 
will be taking Terrell Davis or Brian Griese...How about the Denver Defense 
as a number 1 pick?
by popular vote, the draft will take place at noon on 8/20 at BW-3 in rice 
village.
We are going to have the draft on 8/20.  However, we still need to decide 
where and at what time.  I would prefer to have the draft around noon.  We 
can have the draft at a bar (BW-3) or at the enron building (access to the 
internet).  Please let me know ASAP.
-Eric
it doesn't look good for austin, how is your aunt?
Shanna Husser@
08/07/2000 12:21 PM
Hector- Don't you know that the following weekend is the BIG Fantasy Football 
draft?  What were YOU thinking?
Hector Campos @ ECT                08/07/2000 12:11 PM
The weather for this weekend is not looking good. I suggest we do this the 
following weekend.
I know that Christa sent an e-mail about this a couple of weeks ago, but I 
wanted to follow up.  Does anyone have any interest in going to Austin Friday 
night and then going tubing in New Braunfels on Saturday 
Let me know. Forward this to anyone you think mught be interested.
-Eric
have you started building your model yet?
Hector Campos                08/07/2000 12:11 PM
The weather for this weekend is not looking good. I suggest we do this the 
following weekend.
I know that Christa sent an e-mail about this a couple of weeks ago, but I 
wanted to follow up.  Does anyone have any interest in going to Austin Friday 
night and then going tubing in New Braunfels on Saturday 
Let me know. Forward this to anyone you think mught be interested.
-Eric
I know that Christa sent an e-mail about this a couple of weeks ago, but I 
wanted to follow up.  Does anyone have any interest in going to Austin Friday 
night and then going tubing in New Braunfels on Saturday 
Let me know. Forward this to anyone you think mught be interested.
-Eric
Two boys are playing football near Fayetteville, AR, when one of the boys is
attacked by a rabid Rottweiler.  Thinking quickly, the other boy rips a board
off of a nearby fence, wedges it down
the dog's collar and twists, breaking the dog's neck and saving
his friend's life.
A reporter who was strolling by sees the incident and rushes over
to interview the boy.  "YOUNG RAZORBACK FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM VICIOUS ANIMAL"
he starts writing in his notebook.
"But I'm not a Razorback fan," the little hero replies.
"Sorry," says the reporter, "since you live near Fayetteville, I just assumed
you were."
The reporter begins writing again, "BRAVE ARKANSAS STATE FAN RESCUES FRIEND
FROM HORRIFIC ATTACK."
The boy replies, "I'm not an Arkansas State fan, either."
"Oh. I assumed that everyone in Arkansas was either a Razorback fan or an
Arkansas State fan.  You must be a University  of Central Arkansas fan."
The reporter starts writing again "YOUNG UCA FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM MAD DOG."
The boy said, "I'm not a UCA fan either."
"Well, if you are not for the U of A, State, or UCA, just what team DO you
root for?" the reporter asked.
"Why, I'm an LSU fan!" the child replies.
The reporter starts a new sheet in his notebook: "LITTLE ILLITERATE COONASS
KILLS BELOVED FAMILY PET."
here you go,
tell me what you think.
i spent a lot of time on this
Sent by: Beverly Stephens@
Please plan to attend a  reception and dinner for those Analysts and 
Associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant 
Mark, Dave and John
its probably going to rain so that is why the lamination
Luis Mena@
11/17/2000 08:42 AM
Nah, you pretty much got good plays.  I don't know about the diversity of 
lamination but a thinner one that folds would be appreciated 
Do you have any additions because I am going to take the plays to kinkos and 
get them laminated?
Check it out mullets 
63608/sr=8-1/ref=aps_sr_b_1_1/104-5845180-8035156
I know you had asked for some info on Texas previously.  Sorry it is so late, 
but here is a map of Tx pieplines.  The most notable (that are no on the 
current pipeline map) are Oasis, Lonestar, Valero, and HPL.
Thanks,
Eric
x3-0977
I will be happy to help 
Mike, please give me a call at 3-0977 and we can set up a time that is good 
for you to observe.
Eric
Michael Taylor is a summer intern from LSU, finance major, who has been 
working in Logistics for the Central Desk.  He will be at ENA for the next 
couple of weeks (through 8/11, I believe).  He has not had an opportunity to 
really see our business from the trading perspective or Risk perspective.  I 
had the opportunity to have lunch with Mike yesterday, and we brainstormed on 
some options to get him some exposure to these areas prior to leaving ENA THis where I need your help!
Eric - As I always do, I sang your praises to Mike, and I thought you would 
be a good person for Mike to sit with to observe your current role in the 
analyst program on the Texas Trading Desk.  Additionally, since you were in 
Risk also, I thought you could give him an insightful perspective of how the 
Risk experience has helped you to move to your current role.  If you can 
swing it, I think it would be great if Mike could sit with you one day, and 
you could explain to him your job, your thoughts behind your actions, the 
data you watch, etc.  Obviously, the intent is educational, not 
interference.  So I will leave it to the two of you to work out the best 
approach and timing.
Dave - As I mentioned to you yesterday, I sang your praises also to Mike, and 
I'm glad the two of you were able to meet.  As we discussed, Mike would like 
to have some exposure to the Risk role, so it would be nice if he could sit 
with the group when the books and position are being calced.  I will leave it 
to the two of you to coordinate the day.
Mike's current role in Logistics brings him into the office at 4:00am to 
prepare the morning report.  As I understand it, his responsibilities are 
critical up until trading.  So late morning and early afternoon might be the 
best time, but you all can work through it.  When he sits with Risk, he'll 
probably go home and them return when you all start calcing.
George - Obviously Mike's first responsibilities are to Central Logistics, 
and these other opportunities are really on his own time.  We just thought it 
would be good for him to have a Risk/Trading perspective when he is trying to 
evaluate job opportunities.  I appreciate your support in this, but please 
let me know if you have any concerns.
When Mike leaves Enron, he will be going to Seattle to participate in 
MicroSoft's co-op program for the reaminder of 2000.  Obviously, he will have 
a great company to compare us to but at the end of the day, we want to ensure 
he has a great perspective on the opportunities that Enron can offer.  I 
appreciate your time to help Mike.
 The  Lt. Gov sent this in > JR