(See attached file: danceoff.exe  - danceoff.exe
Hi!
Are we still on for dinner?
Hi!
Juniper is an Enron owned company that seeks and finds new 
wellhead production and sells it to ENA (in most cases).  The Koch Midstream 
gas  Joe nominates is on a lateral that can only be delivered into Tennessee 
Pipeline which is a East Desk Pipeline - I believe the Texas desk asked that 
we be respnsible for this volume.  I hope this helps!  Sorry it took so long 
to get  back to you!
Hi!
I gave his resume to Scott Neal.  He is going to look at it and 
pass it on to the appropriate people.  It looks like his backround includes 
more origination experience than trading 
Take care!
Ok-I know you are probably mad at me because I have not contacted you since 
I've been here.  Believe me it is not because I haven't thought of you.  I 
thought for sure I'd run into you somewhere in the building but never have Anyway I'm sending you a note to tell you to be on the look out for an 
invitation to a Nebraska Football party we are having on the 11th.  I am 
putting it in the interoffice mail this morning.  Hope you can make it 
Dana 
Thanks for the invite but we already have plans for the game.   Hope you have 
a good time and Nebraska wins!
Hi!
It's great to hear from you!  I am so happy you are back at Enron I would love to go to dinner with you and Cindy and catch up.  It's hard for 
me to go to lunch these days due to EOL.  They bring lunch in everyday and we 
generally stay in to run our products.  Just let me know when & where you two 
can meet.  Maybe we can do it soon and  celebrate the upcoming  holiday 
season!  Take care!
Andy
This will make your day!
-
This one is too cute!
- ATT19368.jpg
I think the kids would like this!
-
This one is too cute!
- ATT19368.jpg
-
This one is too cute!
- ATT19368.jpg
A Preacher wanted to raise money for his church, and being told that there 
was a fortune in Horse Racing, he decided to purchase a horse and enter him 
in the race.  However, at the local auction the going price for horses was  
so steep that he ended up buying a Donkey instead.  He figured that since he  
had it, he might as well go ahead and enter it in the races, and to his  
surprise, the Donkey came in third. 
The  next day the racing form carried this headline, "Preacher's Ass shows The Preacher was so pleased with the  Donkey that he entered it in the race 
again, and this time it won.  The next day the form said, "Preacher's Ass, 
out in front!"
The Bishop was so upset with this kind of publicity, that he ordered the 
Preacher not to enter the Donkey in another race.  The newspaper printed 
this headline; "Bishop scratches Preacher's Ass 
This was just too much for the Bishop, and he ordered the Preacher to get rid 
of the animal. The Preacher decided to give it to a Nun in a nearby convent. 
The headline next day read, "Nun has the best Ass in town 
The Bishop fainted. He informed the Nun that she would have to  
dispose of the Donkey. She finally found a Farmer who was willing to buy 
it for $10. Next day the paper said, "Nun peddles her Ass for ten bucks They buried the Bishop the next day.
Joe A Casas
10/26/2000 04:12 PM
While we wait for Unify to work.....here's a funny 
- Evilke~1.mpe
Joe A Casas
10/26/2000 04:12 PM
While we wait for Unify to work.....here's a funny 
- Evilke~1.mpe
Thought you might like to see this!
 Just  a thought to cheer you up after hauling around all those plans.