Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
That actually made me cry.
Susan
Hey Corey,
So he's back in town now...The question is what do I do about that?  Should 
I:  A) Completey ignore him and pretend like there was never anything between 
us or B) Call him out and confront him with his own cowardess.  I am 
completely torn on the issue and have actually felt physically ill over the 
situation the last two days.  Help 
Susan
Okay gang, it's time to rally the troops.  Evidently last week wasn't good 
for any of us to get together at our local watering hole (a.k.a Little 
Woodrow's)...but, I'm hoping the story is a little different this week.  Our 
own Nick Stephan is back in H-town for the week and has made a special 
request for a full-fledged "Steak Night" (that means good attendance).  Not 
that I ever need an excuse to enjoy good company, steak, beer, etc. at LW's, 
but if I did I could think of few better reasons than a visiting ex-pat Besides, given the absolutely beautiful weather we are currently enjoying, 
the picnic tables and deck are beckoning.  I'm going to set a tentative 
meeting time of 7:30 p.m. this Wednesday...get back to me at your convenience 
and let me know if we should stick with that time or not.  Hope everyone had 
a relaxing weekend and is having a good Monday (isn't that an oxymoron 
Susan
"When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading."
- Henny Youngman 
Hey,
Try lgillet@ for Lisa's email address.  Glad to hear you're in the 
new pad...in the interest of saving $$$ I will probably take you up on the 
futon offer 
Well, it's Monday and I'm assuming Ted's back in town (not that I've heard a 
peep out of him).  I'm very much at a cross-roads with the situation.  On the 
one hand, I want to be unaffected and aloof and on the other hand I don't 
want to make this that easy for him.  I think I deserve more that just being 
swept under the rug.  So, my debate becomes - Do I just let this thing go all 
together OR do I try and get some resolution 
I would love to get a call from you hear at work.  The best time for me is 
probably before 11:30 or after 12:30 Houston time 
Talk to you soon,
Susan
hey- sent out group email this morn and lisa's address came back unsendable.
i wrote 'LisaGillette@'
correct me e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Just to forewarn you two, it looks like Darren (Ted's buddy) is going to be 
in London for a few months working on a project.  When I mentioned you two 
were both over there right now he asked me for your email addresses.  No 
pressure for you guys to do anything with him, but I do like the guy and 
think when I come over we will definitely have to do something with him (and 
Nick too of course...maybe the same night, that whole "kill two birds with 
one stone concept 
Sue
Side-note:  I'm am dying of curiosity as to why Darren is going to London for 
a project and Ted is trading corn here.  Maybe I'll find out before Darren 
leaves        Who knows, maybe if you all see Darren over there you can find out 
what the heck happened with our once so promising Mr. Noble.
Do tell, Do tell.
Darren,
What's the word?  So when do you head over to London and what pray-tell will 
you be doing over there.  I'm planning on going to visit Em and Katy around 
the first weekend of October (sometime between the 4th and 10th), if you're 
going to be over there we need to all go out.  I don't remember if we ever 
talked about it or not, but I may try to do my third rotation there...the 
horror, Em and me set loose upon the unsuspecting citizens of London Anyway, I'm assuming congratulations are in order, so congrats on the new 
assignment.
Here are Katy and Emily's email addresses.  I don't have phone #'s, etc. as 
of yet but I could get them for you if you'd like.  I'll be sure to shoot off 
an email to both of them to let them know you're going to be over there.
katyhester@hotmail.com
ehillegeist@hotmail.com
Susan
PS - We will definitely be doing Steak Night next week if you have any 
interest...a guy who used to work in Ben's old group (and is now trading 
credit derivatives in London...see how I'm hooking you up with all these 
connections) will be in town and is dying to go have steak and beer Besides, it would be wrong for you to leave the country without a proper 
send-off from Little Woodrow's (Now I going to owe you a Bon Voyage beer as 
well as a birthday beer).
Darren Maloney@
09/15/2000 03:23 PM
Susan,
I will be going to London fro a few months on a project.  If possible, I 
would like
to get the information for the lovely ladies from Tomball and Cypress that 
are 
calling Britain home.  Please forward it to me when you get a chance.
--Darren
Steve and Frank, I would be very interested in your comments on the attached.
So who's up for doing something that Friday night?  I'll probably be in 
Austin Saturday for the football game, but am definitely interested in 
getting together with everyone.  Obviously this is planning WAY in advance 
for this group so we can revisit the topic when Wilson's arrival is a little 
bit closer.  Talk to y'all then.
Susan
* Darren - Please tell me you have Wilson's keys...Margaret and I would be 
eternally grateful.
Hey, evidently I'm not the only one slacking on the emails - That means you 
Em.
Quick update:  I may try to come over Oct 5 - 10 instead of the 4 - 9 so that 
I can at least spend a little time with Katy.  How will that work for y'all?
Sue
P.S. - Thought you'd like to know that I am doing well in   to the Ted 
situation.  I'm actually kind of glad he took this week long vacation...that 
whole out-of-sight, out-of-mind theory really works.
Sunday at 1:00 is good with me as well.  Just name the place.
See you guys then.
Dear Recruiting Team Members:
I am forwarding a copy of the Enron presentation to each of you for review Some of you will be asked to do presentations, many will not.  I just wanted 
to send it out to various team members in order to give you an idea of our 
marketing strategy and information on campus.  This is simply for your 
information.  When this presentation is given, it will include  dates 
tailored specifically for each campus based on the dates I have set up 
through career services.
Have a great day!
Lexi Elliott
3-4585
These horoscopes can not possibly be speaking to every Aquarian out there I'm convinced the author is someone I know...I would suggest it was my Mom, 
but 
her insight and advice would never be this good. 
Aquarius 
For September 14: You have a knack for bringing people together and
creating peace. Part of your success in waging peace is 
derived from a desire
to let go of resentment and a bulging catalog of woe. 
You're sick and tired of
feeling sick and tired, and look forward to a refreshing 
sensation of starting
anew. Seriously consider hatching deferred dreams today. 
What's stopping
you? 
So last night at Tony's John says:
I think you are going to get pregnant as a result of these margaritas.
Cynthia,
I had to adjust the NGI-Socal index price in the spreadsheet which resulted 
in a loss of $264,000.  Attached is the corrected spreadsheet.  Sorry for the 
inconvenience.
Susan
boys suck!  i think we may have a comittment-phobe on our hands- ie, when
things actually progress, panick and back out- graceful or not- too intense!
i should know, being one of them.....i know you're frustrated, confused,
angry and disappointed- but please bear in mind- this is the result of HIS
character flaws, not yours.  AND, as we've droned on and on about, we
shouldn't have to settle.  ever.  sue, you've just met mr. 90%- and isn't it
funny how that last 10% seems to mean EVERYTHING?!!!?  w/o being too abrupt,
as outside council i'd advise a serious fracturing of this 'relationship'.
he's given you no definition, very little respect, and enough mixed and
incomplete messages to keep you wondering and holding out for that perfect
sign, or comment that will make everything fall into place- NOT FAIR.
you're simply too good to tolerate that bullshit, and you'd be doing
yourself a disservice to stand for it.  i guess you kind of dictate how
people can treat you by what you're willing to put up with.  you're worth
alot more, and you're not desperate...lonely, maybe, but it's not the same.
ok- i'm getting angry just writing about this!  anyways- love my classes,
and london is really starting to grow on me.  so different and new- and
after a 30 min discussion about "those girls and guys" in texas w/ claudia,
and i'm more and more glad to be away from houston- present 'company' (+a
handful) excluded of course.  it's going to be a great adventure, and it's
nice to be reminded of how much more there is than texas, no matter how
great it is.  am looking forward to my new place (should be in this weekend)
and starting to travel.....can't wait for your visit- you'll like claudia-
she'll be a great partner in crime for going out, til you arrive, and the
circle widens, j'espere!  double check w/ kates about when she gets back
from egypt- i know she's gone over my b-day, so i hope she'll be back by the
time you get here.  plus, would be good for you to be here for her 'party'
at the texas embassy....must go to class, but hang in there, and start
thinking global...cheerio e
Hey Scott,
Hope you had a good time at the game this weekend, despite the heat.  I just 
wanted to see if you were still interested in trying to grab lunch this 
week.  If you do, just let me know what day and time work best for you.
Thanks, 
Susan
You crack me up...I absolutely loved the trading analogy (at times your 
insight is frighteningly dead on 
Don't worry about me though.  I will be patient and remain optimistic, 
despite let downs.  And, in no way, shape or form will I settle and end up 
with some dush.  You would have been proud of me though, for the first time I 
was really able to let down a lot of those walls and be a little more 
vulnerable 
I'm thrilled things are going so well with Shannon.  I think your attitude 
about the whole situation is extremely healthy and mature (it amazing what 
happens when you care more about the other person than yourself 
Talk to you soon,
Susan
* Be sure and let me know next time you're coming to Houston.  We'll go grab 
a drink and have a good talk.
Thanks for the email.  Your candid comments make me wish I was over there 
right now sitting in a pub with you and Katy drinking a pint.  I am in full 
agreement that guys suck and have discovered through this situation an area 
in which 23 does not differ from 31...cowardess (As my Dad so eloquently put 
it, "He's just chicken-shit").  So, the plan of attack for the time being is 
none.  I am not going to do anything (that means no emails, no phone calls, 
no nothing).  Of course it's a lot easier to say that knowing he's in an 
entirely different state vs. two floors down from me, so next week will be 
the true test.  You will be happy to know, however, that I do have a good 
support system in Monique.  She is a firm advocate of the "drop him and make 
him work should he happen to come crawling back" school.  You know what 
really kills me though is the thought that, yet again, I will ultimately be 
disappointed by someone I truly expected more out of (I keep thinking about 
all the times I said "I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop." - well, 
it dropped) .  Anyway, I've have decided to throw myself into work, books, 
exercise, etc. in a effort to distract my mind from other things - it's kind 
of working 
I'm really glad you are in enjoying things so much right now.  You have to 
email me back with more details regarding the new pad, like will there be 
enough room for me to crash there when I come to visit (if not, I'm sure Nick 
would put me up - scarey).  Also, I sent Katy an email about coming to visit 
so hopefully we can get everything squared away soon.  FYI:  The Longhorns 
beat Louisiana Lafayette 52-10 last Saturday (the game was fun, but extremely 
HOT!!!), it was a real nail biter Talk to you soon,
Sue
*** Don't worry about me thinking any of this is in any way due to a 
shortcoming on my part.  I don't.  Rather, I am convinced he wasn't expecting 
the full package when we first went out and as soon as he realized that I 
was, he freaked.  I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coincidence 
that the last time we went out I let down one of the last walls I was holding 
up as far as trusting him and it was right after that that he started acting 
aloof. (Things that make you go hmmm.)
Here's what I propose to send to the parties on the 14th.  Take a look, and 
think about whether it would be wise to do more selling in the first 
paragraph.  I propose that we get on the agenda for the March 1 meeting so 
that we have some time to approach individual parties first 
With your permission, I will forward this to Mr. Dasovich also.
Hey Katy,
Sorry no correspondence in a while.  I wish it was a case of no news is good 
news, but if you've spoken with Em recently you know that is not so.  Anyway, 
I wanted to touch base with you regarding my visit to London.  I of course 
want to try and time it when both you and Em are in town.  So...I was 
thinking of flying out on Oct 4 and returning Oct 9, that way I would have a 
weekend over there with y'all.  I know you're planning a trip to Egypt around 
then so just get back to me and let me know if you'll actually be in London 
any of those days.  Hope all is well with you.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Hey Darren,
Thanks for the prompt response.  Sorry you won't be able to make it, but I 
will definitely keep you posted regarding any future group outings 
(especially since I still owe you a beer).  Glad you liked the quote, it does 
provide a good chuckle 
If I'd have known you were going to be in London this week I would have 
forewarned Katy and Emily as they're both over there now as well - I assume 
you're there for work though and therefore a tad busy.  Anyway, hope you're 
having a good time and not working too hard 
Susan
Darren Maloney@
09/12/2000 10:37 AM
Susan,
Hope you are well.  Unfortunately I will not be able to participate I will not return from London until Friday (maybe Thursday night Keep me posted for the weeks ahead.  Love the quote--and I 
agree whole-heartedly.
--Darren
...okay, maybe it's not THAT good but it's cooked and the beer is plentiful.
Hey everyone,
Just wanted to test the waters and see what kind of interest there was in 
doing Steak Night tomorrow night at Little Woodrows.  I feel like it's been a 
while since we really rallied the troops and I know I have personally missed 
the interaction.  It's also been a while since we've attempted to solve the 
worlds problems over cold Shiner and I think the world may be the worse for 
it.  So, get back to me and let me know if anyone's up for an evening of 
eating, drinking and most definitely being merry.  If it looks like 'a go I'll shoot everyone a follow-up email complete with ETA.
The one and only,
sscott5
"If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace 
for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting 
started 
...try not to get the juice in your eyes, it really stings
Well, I'm sure you've already heard through Mom...but I think things may be 
kaput with Ted.  I say "think" because he hasn't said anything one way or the 
other, it's just a vibe I have.  So I don't think you guys are going to have 
a chance to meet him while your in Houston.  Oh well, it was definitely fun 
while things were going well so I suppose I should focus on that.  I just 
want to know why guys can be such, as dad would say, chicken shits (excuse my 
language but the description fits).
But enough about me...So how are things with you guys.  I hope all is well 
and that you're taking full advantage of all the 'culture' surrounding you We went to the first football game of the season Saturday (against Louisiana 
Lafayette).  Texas won 52-10, and you wouldn't know if from the score but the 
1st quarter was a little bit scarey (0-10).  Simms started the game but only 
played about 2 series before they yanked him and put Applewhite in to put 
some points on the board.  Simms did come back in the second half and through 
a touch-down pass.  The family's good and we're all excited to see you guys 
in the near future.
Write back soon,
Susan
******** Humor is the best medicine 
So I'm thinking of taking the T-shirt Ted gave me from Beaver Creek and 
writing this on the back of it 
I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy T-shirt.
Dont'cha love it?
I was wondering if you had fallen off the face of the earth 
It is definitely good to hear from you, I was just thinking about you today 
and wondering what you're up to.  Things in Houston are pretty good.  I went 
to San Diego over Labor Day weekend to visit a friend of mine there and just 
went to Austin this past weekend for the first UT football game (I know 
you're not a big fan but they are very fun).  As for work, all is well.  I'm 
actually going to meet with the development manager for the analyst program 
to discuss what my options are after this second rotation is up.  Of course 
my goal is to do a rotation in London for a year and then get promoted to the 
Associate program (so basically I'm going to ask this lady tomorrow what I 
need to do to ensure that outcome).  Honestly, I think my odds are pretty 
good 
Glad to hear everything with you is going so well, not that I'm surprised Congrats on the new responsibilites they must be keeping you pretty busy up 
there (any trips scheduled to Houston in the near future 
As for my social life...if you would of asked me a week or two ago I would 
have said fantastic, incredible, etc.  Now, I just don't know.  For the life 
of me I am never going to be able to figure out your gender.  But as they 
say, "Hope springs eternal" and I intend to remain an optimist despite many 
road blocks.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
Wilson Kriegel@EES
09/11/2000 03:23 PM
So what is going on I have not heard from you in a while and i'm  wondering how my favorite Enron 
"girl" trader is doing, and how the summer has been.
I know a lot has happen, i was hopping that you would bring me up to date 
with what is going on with you and work, and your social life. (Yes guys 
I'm great....great summer. my best friend from france spend 2 1/2 month with 
me, (well stayed at my sisters place) and that was a lot of fun.
Work is great, though very strssful and demanding...very nerve recking..but i 
love and i'm making my marks where i can, and when i can. You know me.
I'm now Manager of Internet Marketing and Manager of Alliances...that's my 
new job also 
NewPower is doing great and you will hear a lot about us in the near 
future...Were live, so that's really cool.
Life is great, socialy i'm pleased and i love NY.
Big summer, like a little rock super star...and i've just started working out 
again this past week end, after a 3 month brake.
So just rolling along What's new
hope your well.
Best
wilson
Hope your move into the new apartment went well.  I'm sure you are going  to 
have so much fun living there, especially since you really will have a 
roommate now.
Thought I'd give you a little bit of an update regarding Ted 
So I didn't get back to the office until Wednesday last week because I was in 
Austin Tuesday for that recruiting trip.  When I got in I of course 
immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have any messages at 
any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  Come Thursday afternoon, still 
no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he calls.  He asks me about 
San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips were great.  We discuss 
UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get riled up.  He informs me 
that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard me corn) for Enron While he is very excited about trading I get the impression he feels a little 
overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how much trading will limit his 
vacation time.  He said that he and Darren (the guy he works with) had been 
meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the week 
had pretty much just been one long meeting.  It is around this time that he 
brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a trader you work 
when the markets are open and you're only off when they're closed.  As a 
result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. "I'm leaving 
tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure I heard him 
correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 days) AND at 
no point does he ask to get together before he leaves.  So, that was 
Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group and, 
to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when he's 
leaving (5:00 p.m.), he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week 
in an attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.
Anyway, I was not able to get him out for a drink to find out what's going on 
and now I just have to wait.  Any thoughts?
Talk to you soon,
Susan
******** Humor is the best medicine 
So I'm thinking of taking that T-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the 
back of it 
I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.
Dont'cha love it?
I'm in.
Next week, Tony's, girls outing.
An incident with a love
partner throws you for a
loop, causing a bit of
deja-vu. Dwelling on the
past is wrong, wrong,
wrong so don't! Time to
concentrate on the bounty
of the present, tender
crab.
Cynthia,
All of the deals below have been rebooked except for the one in red.  For 
some reason I can't find the counterparty in the system.  You may want to 
check and see if it has been set up yet, if it has let me know the proper 
name (I may be looking for the wrong counterparty) and I will rebook it as 
well.
Thanks,
Susan
09/11/2000 12:12 PM
Cynthia Gin
Cynthia Gin
Cynthia Gin
09/11/2000 12:12 PM
09/11/2000 12:12 PM
Hi Susan:
Can you set up the counterparties for the 
following missing deals 
NW8878 legs 5-8
NW8903 legs 5-6
NW9742 legs 3-4
NW9790 legs 1-2, 4
NX1037 legs 1-2
NX3659 legs 1-4
NX3790 legs 1-4
I don't know what you're schedule is and I
know that you're probably really busy.  But,
let me know when you would be able to 
set these up.  These are the leftover deals
from that original list that I submitted to you.
Thanks for all your help!  I am pulling across
all the new ones that you set up for me last week.
I really appreciate it!
Hey Em,
First things first, I got the personality test...very interesting.  I took it 
twice.  The first time I was a Mastermind (like Katy) and the second I was a 
Mentor (like Matt)  I think I only changed two answers between the first and 
second test.  Anyway, definitely a fun little intro to a rather boring Monday 
morning.
I was trying to remember where we left on in the saga of Ted Noble.  I guess 
the last time I had emailed you Ted had to spend the night at Darren's 
apartment because he'd left his keys in his locker at the Met.  Well, if 
you'll remember at the end of the email he said he'd talk to me later, which 
is extremely relevant considering he was supposed to tell me whether we could 
go get a drink that night or not.  I knew he had his presentation that day so 
I figured he'd call later that afternoon to tell me yeah or neah...I received 
no call, no email, no nothing.  Of course, always wanting to give others the 
benefit of the doubt I figured the presentation must have taken longer than 
expected and afterward he'd decided to just go to Austin and pick up his 
friend from the airport.  If that were the case, knowing Ted, I thought he 
must have just forgotten that he'd told me he'd call.  WRONG!!!!  Friday at 
work I had to go down to his floor (for legitimate reasons I swear) and he 
was there, the jerk.  He didn't see me though nor did he try communicate with 
me at all that day 
Flash forward to the next week.  I didn't get back to the office until 
Wednesday because I was in Austin Tuesday for a recruiting trip.  When I got 
in I of course immediately checked my email...nothing.  I also didn't have 
any messages at any of the 3 phones I can be reached through.  So it's now 
Thursday afternoon, still no interaction...I am pissed.  About 2:00 p.m. he 
calls.  He asks me about San Diego and I ask him about Austin...both trips 
were great.  We discuss UCLA and UT football for  a while...I of course get 
riled up.  He informs me that he is going to be trading corn (yes, you heard 
me corn) for Enron.  While he is very excited about trading I get the 
impression he feels a little overwhelmed and he is a very concerned about how 
much trading will limit his vacation time.  He said that he and Darren had 
been meeting with consultants all week to get up to speed and therefore the 
week had pretty much just been one long string of meetings.  It is around 
this point that he brings up the vacation thing and how, to his dismay, as a 
trader you work when the markets are open and you're only off when they're 
closed.  As a result, he's decided to get in his long visit home ASAP, i.e. 
"I'm leaving tomorrow (Friday) to go to California for a week."  I make sure 
I heard him correctly and yes he said leaving, tomorrow and  1 whole week (7 
days) AND at no point did he ask to get together before he left.  So, that 
was Thursday.  I'm down on his floor again on Friday to talk to my old group 
and, to my dismay, run in to him.  We exchange pleasantries, I ask him when 
he's leaving, he informs me he is going to sleep for the entire week in an 
attempt to catch-up, I tell him to have fun and that's that.
So here we are, or rather here I am in Houston...alone.  Any thoughts?
On a brighter note, tell Katy I think I'm going to try and come Oct 4 - Oct 9 
so that I can see both of you.  Also, I understand your dilemma regarding 
Claudia, but I definitely don't think you should look a gift horse in the 
mouth (if you know what I mean).  That first month after Katy leaves is going 
to be awkward so it's best to have someone there even if only to act as a 
crutch until you find your footing.  I'm sure Monique can testify to a little 
extra weight dealing with me since you and Matt both took off.  And speaking 
of Matt, no I haven't heard a thing from the turn-coat.  I need to shoot him 
an email and see how things are shaping up for him.  I'm willing to bet 
though that moving to Austin hasn't solved all of his problems...just 
transplanted to a prettier location.
Get back to me with anything...I'm desperate for positive energy.  Oh, and 
I'm going to try to meet with that Director friend of mine this week to talk 
about swinging a rotation in London (he has 75 employees over there that work 
for him right now), and I'm going to set up a meeting with the lady in charge 
of my rotations within the analyst program to make sure I'm doing everything 
I can to get over there and still get promoted.
Talk to you soon,
Susan
******** Humor is the best medicine 
So I'm thinking of taking that t-shirt Ted gave me and writing this on the 
back of it 
I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy t-shirt.
Dont'cha love it?
The reservation charge reduction applicable to TW's failure to deliver gas 
under certain circumstances does NOT apply to either force majeure events or 
periods of unscheduled maintenance less than 10 days in any calendar 
quarter.  Unscheduled maintenance is defined as unanticipated or unplanned 
maintenance on the pipeline system required to be performed to ensure that 
gas continues to flow in months other than Dec., Jan., Feb., July and Aug 
Assuming we could even classify the proposed activity as "maintenance," I'm 
not sure we could get away with saying it was unanticipated or unplanned, as 
the Gallup expansion has been in the works for some time.  I am also not 
completely comfortable calling this "force majeure" because part of the 
tariff definition is that the event was not within the control of either 
party; however, since the definition does include "binding order of any court 
or governmental authority," we could possibly say this is force majeure if 
we're reducing the pressure in order to comply with a DOT pipeline safety 
rule.  (In that event, our notice on the EBB would be a force majeure 
notice.)  If not, we can argue that since this is not "maintenance," but 
simply being done to construct the expansion in a safe and prudent manner, 
the shippers' rights are not triggered under the reservation charge reduction 
provisions.  In that case, damages (if any) would have to be pursued under 
ordinary contract law 
I realize that this is not a very satisfactory answer; however, the outage is 
going to be relatively short, and no shipper in recent memory has availed 
itself of the reservation charge reduction.  I recommend we give shippers 
reasonable notice of the pressure reduction so that they can make alternate 
plans -- this will reduce the likelihood that they will feel revengeful.
Please call (x30596) or e-mail if you have further questions.
Cheryl,
The deal was done with one of the California Power Books.  We use the 
ECC/RISKMANTRA to book any deal with an Enron subsidiary...not just Canadian 
deals.  So, I don't think this deal has anything to do with the Canada 
office.  Let me know if you need more information.
Susan
Hi Susan
I am trying to verify the liquidations for financial close and noted that 
TAGG deal NK4420.1 entered by yourself
shows ECC (Enron Canada Corp) as the counterparty.
Here in Canada, we do not to deals at NGI-PGE/CG and I do not believe that 
the book PWR-NG-LTCA is a Canadian
book.  A review of the audit trial indicates that the counterparty used to be 
EPMI.  Is it possible it was changed by
mistake to ECC.
Can you please look into this deal first thing Monday morning as we need to 
book the liquidations Monday am for
financial close and let me know what you think about this deal.
Thanks for your help.
Cheryl
Aquarius - Horoscope
Friday, September 8, 2000
by Astronet.com
Powerful forces are at work to 
challenge you on a new level of association.
Travel may be part of the new game 
plan. Investigate the possibility of a move
to a new locale. You might consider a 
home away from home as well. This is
the time to express a latent talent or 
learn a new technique in relation to
investments. You may have to work out 
some conflicts in a relationship,
however. Don't let hurt feelings 
prevent you from making a new start. 
Gwen,
Dolores Muzzy gave me your name as a contact for information regarding the 
redesigned Analyst/Associate programs.  I am currently half-way through my 
second rotation with the Analyst program and was hoping to get a better idea 
of the different opportunities available to me upon completion of my current 
rotation.  Although six months seems like a fair amount of time to plan my 
next move, I know how quickly it will pass and do not want to find myself 
uncertain as to what action to take to insure that I am heading in the right 
direction to meet my current goals.  I would appreciate the opportunity to 
meet with you and discuss the aforementioned topics at your earliest 
convenience.  If there is another individual you feel would be a better 
contact for me at this point I would be happy to meet with them as well. 
Thank you,
Susan Scott
I think we have a winner.
Main Entry: cir?cu?i?tous
Pronunciation: (")s&r-'ky_-&-t&s
Function: adjective
Etymology: perhaps from Medieval Latin circuitosus, from 
Latin
circuitus
Date: 1664
1 : having a circular or winding course <a circuitous 
route>
2 : not being forthright or direct in language or action
- cir?cu?i?tous?ly adverb
- cir?cu?i?tous?ness noun 
Also, you gotta love this quote:
Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no
learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. 
-Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
Truer words have never been spoken.
Shorty
Dolores,
I was wondering who my best resource would be to talk to about the changes to 
the analyst program and how they affect me.  Specifically, I wanted to get 
some more information on the Third-Year Analyst Rotation and its requirements 
(as I am currently half-way through my second rotation), as well as the 
different tracks available within the program.  If you could direct to the 
proper individual(s) I would really appreciate it 
Thanks,
Susan Scott
Thanks again for thinking of me.  Lunch next week sounds good.  Any day of 
the week is fine with me as long as we get started around 11:30.  Just let me 
know what day is best for you.
Susan
I will let you know when I have extra tickets.  Right now it looks like I 
have some tickets for all games except atm.
How about lunch next week?  Let me know.
Scott
Lesli,
Deals are rebooked.
Susan
Here are the names for these new CP's
nw3262  Fersinsa Gist Brocades
nw6273  Deacero SA de CV
Thanks
Lesli
Scott,
Thanks for offering up your extra tickets to the game this weekend.  As it 
turns out, I don't think I'll be needing them - My sister has extra tickets 
next to she and my brother-in-law.  Hope you have a great time and maybe I'll 
see you at the game (although given the crowd I'm not going to count on it).
Susan
- - Looks like Saturday's going to be a balmy 90...better bring a sweater.
Here you go Cynthia 
Susan
Parties represented at an informal meeting after the February 7, 2000 
prehearing conference discussed circulating redlined versions of the CAC 
settlement proposal as a point of departure for further settlement 
conferences.  Transwestern Pipeline Company submits the following comments in 
lieu of a redlined document.
Transwestern fully supports the CAC's proposal of a path-defined receipt 
point structure that would define primary and secondary rights at receipt 
points on the SoCalGas system. Not only does the proposal satisfy the 
Commission's requirement that Hector Road be established as a formal receipt 
point, it is also consistent with open and non-discriminatory access and use 
of the SoCalGas system, and will help provide a reasonable degree of 
certainty so that all market participants can more effectively plan gas 
transportation.  CAC's proposed receipt point principles ensure that no 
upstream transportation provider will unduly be denied access to SoCal's 
system.
Transwestern believes that the parties may still need to address certain 
details regarding implementation of the receipt point proposal that have not 
been fully described in the CAC document.  To this end, Transwestern proposes 
that implementation of the receipt point proposal be included on the agenda 
for the upcoming all-party settlement discussions.  Transwestern looks 
forward to a constructive discussion of the proposal and is confident that 
the parties will be able to agree on a plan for implementation.
Susan Scott
Senior Counsel
Transwestern Pipeline Company
(713) 853-0596
sscott3@
Em,
I cannot believe you ran into Ben Affleck!!!  I'm sure it's just the first of 
many celebrity sightings you will have in Jolly Old England.  I had an 
absolutely incredible time in San Diego with Julie.  We went to the beach 
(where I was able to lay-out and not sweat!), shopped a ton, attended the 
symphony and got messages.  All in all it was an extremely relaxing weekend Yesterday, I was in Austin for a recruiting trip and got to see Corey's new 
house in Hyde Park - very cute 
So I got back to work today, Wednesday, and still no word from Mr. Noble Just to refresh, the last time I heard from him (email) was Thursday 
morning.  You'd be proud of me though as I have refrained from any form of 
contact and plan to continue that route only deviating if/when it becomes 
necessary for me to have a formal close to things.  I'm still hoping that 
will not be the case but am fully prepared for the possibility that my brief 
encounter with dating may be over for a while.
Sue
First things first 
Yes, I am still alive...Things with Wonder Boy suck (and for the time being I 
think we should refrain from calling him Wonder Boy)...I'll be leaving for 
Austin Friday night (1st football game of the season), but will be back 
Sunday and definitely want to get together while you're in town.
Hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic holiday weekend.  Mine 
was incredible!!! I visited a friend of mine in San Diego and had the best 
time just hanging out, shopping, hitting the beach and attending the symphony 
(on the water no less).  It was definitely a good trip for my psyche as Ted 
has been less than impressive going on almost two weeks now.  I'm certainly 
not pleased about the situation, but at no point have I lost site of what a 
catch I am (and if he's not bright enough to see or appreciate that fact then 
I don't think he's bright enough for me).
Talk to you soon,
Susan  
Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no
learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph
Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
Hey there. Are you still alive? What is up? How are things with you and 
Wonder Boy?
I think I will be in Houston Friday through Tuesday (maybe more days 
depending on how matters turn around). Will you be around?
Drop a note when you get a chance.
TC
I haven't sent a quote in quite some time, but this one really spoke to me.
Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no
learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph
Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
ok, i'm still forgetting people, so assure 'the others' i'm not snubbing
them intentionally, i'm just brain dead.  haven't gotten a chance to email
often b/c little access to the library, but will as soon as my computer
arrives, and you'll get more 'intimate' (pg-13!) messages when time permits,
until then.....hope all went well over the holiday weekend- no holiday here!
school has started, and so far so good- very interntional class- but
strangely enough, one girl from san antonio who also wants to study art law-
and she wanted to escape " a bunch of incestual girls and guys who will
never leave home and never make new friends- just want to shop, get married,
and have babies" (not you ardie, don't be offended!)  i liked her instantly.
still no permanent home.....will keep you posted.....but- bit of adventure
sunday- this stuff NEVER happens to me, so it made my month.
anyways....wandering by myself in chelsea on sunday and stopped to look in a
store window....wasn't paying attention when i turned around and brushed
against someone's shoulder- well- not just someone- BEN AFFLECK!  and with
gweneth paltrow (she looked like shit w/ long orange stringy hair and a kind
of whiney, hungry look on her face- he of course looked precious, but was a
little shorter than i'd expected- about 6'2)  i can't speak. and the road is
totally empty except us, so i just say excuse me, he says no problem, and
then just wander off, then turn to stare after them.  thought about chasing
them down, but realized how lame i already looked, plus, was in gym shorts
and pony tail and ratty sweatshirt, and knew ben COULDN'T realize i was "the
one" in that state....so, i ran to the nearest phone and called my mom.
well, that's about it- again. will write/call when get a spare sec.  miss
ya'll- write soon!
e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no
learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit. -Ralph
Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)
I think Ted needs to read this.
No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives
anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power
until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused,
dedicated, disciplined. -Harry Emerson Fosdick
Susan M Scott
08/31/2000 07:56 PM
Susan M Scott
08/31/2000 07:52 PM
Susan M Scott
08/31/2000 07:52 PM
Sometimes I really worry about you 
I know it's not kind to laugh at the misfortune of others, but I must say I 
was rolling when I read your email.  It's a good thing I didn't send the 
other card I was debating over last night which alluded to the possibility of 
you and Darren spending too much time together (not as funny in light of your 
shack last night).  So how did you explain your attire this morning to your 
MD? 
Hope the presentation was a rousing success.
Shorty
Ted Noble
08/31/2000 10:09 AM
Hey,
Thanks for the card.  I got a good chuckle out of it.  You will appreciate 
this story.  I go to leave last night around 12:00 but somehow I don't have 
my keys.  Well, they were in my locker at the Met, which of course is closed 
at this point.  So, I stay at Darren and sleep on his couch.  Well, I try to 
sleep but his fire alarm keeps beeping ever 1-2 minutes and is really 
annoying.  So, being a guy, I take the alarm completely out of the wall with 
my leatherman tool.  Finally go to sleep and arrive in my same clothes and 
baseball hat at work around 7:30 to pick up my keys and head home and 
shower/change.  Of course this cannot go perfectly, so I run into my MD on 
the way to the Met parking lot. Smooth.  I finally arrive back at work around 
9:00 and miss the group's morning weather briefing.  I find this whole thing 
pretty funny and it is all due to my keen organizational skills.  I'll talk 
to you later.
Ted
See the attached (one shows redlining, the other does not) and let me know if 
you have further questions.
Christine Stokes
12/20/99 10:24 AM
Here is the Duke contract.
Jeff, this morning I spoke with Reliant's regulatory counsel, who called me 
after talking with Lee Hart, and who seemed eager to look into drafting a 
filing.  I would be happy to talk with Leonard Foster or June Suwara at 
Sempra about doing the same, but somehow think Sempra might be a tougher 
customer (don't know why I would think that...).  My suggestion is that we 
work through Ms. Katz initially.  Anticipating that we might encounter some 
inertia at Sempra's regulatory dept. -- and to give you an outline to work 
from when talking to Stefanie -- I put together the attached rough draft of a 
motion to intervene and motion to expedite to be filed by Sempra 
Feel free to send the attached to Stefanie.  However, please do so with the 
caveat that you are sending it for discussion purposes only, not as legal 
advice to Sempra from ET&S's legal department, and the content of this 
pleading should ultimately be up to Sempra's legal/regulatory staff.
Reliant's counsel said he'd be sending me a draft of his pleading...if I 
don't hear from him within a reasonable time I'll call to follow up.
Deal is rebooked
Susan
+
Please rebook to Grupo Calidra SA de CV.
Thanks
Lesli
i admit to being a little put-off by his 'tone'- if that's the correct word.
you write a long, jovial, bantering note, and his response is cold and
blunt....it sounds like mr noble's project has zapped out all of his
personality......and we thought one of his better features was his
well-roundedness.....!  again , i think this is one of those subtle and
shaky things you can't really 'call' someone on, and it's best to leave the
ball in his court.  of course, if he comes around when he's less
'distracted', i would tread carefully, and w/ some aloofness- no reason you
should have to 'jump' when he says to! gauge how he acts post-holiday- there
will be no project excuse, and then you can see how much validity this
theory holds.  am completely disoriented right now- sleeping pattern is off,
have raging PMS, and am a little homesick, as i knew i'd be at first.  both
mom and dad  succeeded in slipping horribly weepy cards into my purse before
take-off (which was a weepy mess in itself).  of course, i found them on the
plane and made an absolute scene sniveling and crying big fat baby tears.
verrry attractive!  am going to be really glad actually when school starts
so that i can begin to get acclaimated and don't feel like such a fish out
of water.  need to finalize when you're thinking about coming over.....i
know it's sometimein oct- and kates said she has to leave on the 12th for a
wedding thing.  as i said, jeremy's wedding is the weekend of the 14th, and
i know that was a week you discussed coming.  i don't have tickets, but if
it's physically poss for me to find a good ticket home, i prob. will have
to- gogo started crying when i said i prob. couldn't come, and i promised
i'd try.  but then again, i don't want to mess up the vacation plans you've
been setting up for a long time.  hopefully we can find a 'mutually
beneficial' time for the visit- let me know what you're thinking, and we'll
work from there!  am writing from the computers at katy's school, and don't
know how long i am allowed to, so will try to check back asap!  hope all is
well- miss ya'll!
e
Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
All legs of the deal have been rebooked.
Susan
Please rebook to Kimex SA de CV.
Thanks
Lesli
Em,
Glad to hear that you arrived safely in your new home.  I'm sure you'll be 
adjusting to the time change for a few days, but hopefully this time you 
won't get sick.  Say, "Hi" to Katy for me and tell her I will email her soon 
to try and figure when is the best time to come visit 
Now on to the business at hand.  Thought I'd let you see the last email 
exchange between Mr. Noble and myself.  Start from the bottom with my email 
and then read his response.  I would love to hear your insight on it all.
Here's my thought at this point.  I think Ted is an EXTREMELY linear person, 
in that his focus can not be split between too many different things at 
once.  To that end, I believe this project, to which he has dedicated many 
hours, has literally harnessed all of his attention.  Realizing this, I'm not 
sure exactly how I feel about it - - - Any thoughts?
Sue
Ted Noble
08/30/2000 04:10 PM
Hey Shorty,
I am glad to hear that today is going a little better.  We are getting a tad 
busy.  I hope the beers were good last night, and I thought about a couple of 
cold ones as Darren and I were getting finished around 1:30 this morning.  A 
drink sounds good but I may be leaving for Austin tomorrow night after work 
to pick up my friend Mark at the Austin airport (I'll find out later tonight) 
and if that is the case then we'll get one next week.  I think the story 
below is funny.  I'll talk to you later when I get a better sense of what is 
going on.
Ted
 >A little girl was playing in the garden when she spotted two spiders
mating.
 > "Daddy, what are those two spiders doing?" she asked.
 > "They're mating," her father replied.
 > "What do you call the spider on top, Daddy?" she asked.
 > "That's a daddy longlegs." her father answered.
 > "So, the other one is a mommy longlegs?" the little girl asked.
 > "No," her father replied. "Both of them are daddy longlegs."
 > The little girl thought for a moment, then took her foot and stamped
them
 >flat.
 > "Well, we're not having THAT sort of shit in our garden."