Grant,
I agree. We shall give him an offer of a job in Houston (on the terms
we discussed with)  plus an option to stay in
London, if he does not like Houston.  His choice. I think we extended a very 
generous offer to him
and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to Enron.
Vince 
Vince:
I got the following note from UK HR after had a call from them earlier 
today.  I told them that the deal you and I communicated to Anjam was firm 
and not negotiable (with the exception of the issues regarding the flat 
rental).  Apparently, Anjam is trying to play hard ball.  What's your 
commitment to Anjam?  Should we explore a package deal? My vote is no.
Grant.
Tara Rozen
08/09/2000 12:17 PM
Grant
Unfortunately, we were unsuccessful in our attempt to convince Anjam that he 
should transfer on a local US package. The difficulty is not so much the 
compensation and benefits, it seems more to do with the actual job and 
long-term prospects. He will only, therefore, commit to 12 months and only on 
assignment terms. 
We explained to Anjam the rationales for transferring locally, ie not just 
cost but equitability among his peers. He is convinced that his skills and 
Enron knowledge are valueable enough to warrant an assignment rather than a 
local deal. Also, he was apparently told by Vince that it was impossible for 
you to find a local hire for this role as you were not paying the market 
rate. 
Would you like to move further with this? If so, we can put together costs 
for you for a 12 month assignment and see what you think. I am out tomorrow 
but back in on Friday and could do it for you then.
Let us know!
Tara
Melanie Doyle
08/08/2000 13:07
Tara,
Can we discuss tomorrrow 
Thanks
Mel
Enron Europe
Dear Vince & Grant,
Thanks very much for the offer to go to Houston as a Manager to work with 
Tanya Tamarchenko on VAR and credit risk within the Houston Research Group, 
as we discussed on the phone yesterday.  I felt that it would be useful to 
bring Melanie Doyle, my HR rep, into the equation.  I met Melanie this 
morning to discuss the issues with respect to taking up the offer in 
Houston.  I explained that the interest for this opportunity is mutual, mine 
from a career progression perspective and Houston Research's to fill an 
urgent need.  Melanie, having had experience with these transfers before, has 
kindly agreed to help out from an HR perspective, probably involving some of 
the London/Houston team that are usually responsible for these situations.  I 
expect that you may receive a call from either Melanie or a foreign 
assignment representative in the near future.
I would like to re-iterate my interest in the opportunity, but would like to 
make a counter-proposal for the form of the contract; I would like to make 
the suggestion that we make this opportunity a one-year assignment working 
with Tanya, and then re-evaluate the situation at the end of the year in 
terms a new role for me in Houston thereafter, subject to mutual agreement The alternative situation of resigning from Enron Europe and re-joining Enron 
Corp is too dramatic and requires me to "burn bridges" and my return to Enron 
Europe would be difficult.  Also, I would lose the valuable support 
structures available to me in London.  The amount of any fixed costs 
(flights, modest cargo, a few months of mortgage carrying cost) are entirely 
reasonable, not excessive given my single status and not so great that they 
justify making the contract a three year (local) one.
I would expect that on the basis of almost 3 1/2 years solid experience value-added at Enron Europe, the value of several million pounds I have 
identified & justified to external auditors for Enron Europe this year and an 
"Excellent" rating (my fourth making my 3 1/2 yr average rating also 
"Excellent"), I could reasonably be expected to justify a fair deal (i.e. my 
existing Enron Europe salary & benefits package plus a reasonable one-off 
allowance to cover unavoidable additional personal expenses).
& thanks again for the opportunity,
Anjam
x35383
I think you buy a SAS Manual, not a Manuel 
Vince Kmainski
Enron IT Purchasing
08/09/2000 02:12 PM
Please respond to Enron IT Purchasing
Sent by: Messaging Agent
This is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using IT 
Central. 
Request Number:   ECTH-4N2QJB
Order For:               Amitava Dhar
We need to order the latest version of the "SAS" Manuel.
Enron IT Purchasing
Aram Sogomonian
Phone: (503) 813 5754 (w)
5608 (w) 
(503) 701 6692 (c)
(503) 675 1658 (h)
kweenmarys@aol.com
Vince
Here's the Powerpoint version of the presentation I sent earlier.
,
Leslie Abreo
Andrew Kalotay Associates, Inc.
61 Broadway, Ste 2205
New York NY 10006
Phone: (212) 482 0900
Fax: (212) 482 0529
email: leslie.abreo@kalotay.com
Visit AKA's website at  
- FAS133_Effectiveness_Testing.ppt
Blake,
I forwarded the Azure presentation to Greg Whalley recommending
that he takes a look at it.
Vince
Greg,
Blake Johnson sent me this proposal (I think some of his friends are
the founders of this group). It looks like a good project for Brad Romine
to evaluate it.
Vince
Blake Johnson  Please respond to blakej@stanford.edu
Vince,
Here are the overview Powerpoint slides for the investment and strategic
relationship management firm, Azure Capital, I mentioned in my voice
mail.  The transactions they completed in their past lives at CSFB and
already in the new firm, as well as their advisory board are probably
the strongest evidence of their capabilities.
Hope all is well.
Blake
- Azure Slides.ppt
Jo Corbitt @ ENRON
08/08/2000 03:14 PM
Please be advised that Mr. Rick Buy will NOT attend the
Bi-Weekly Meeting with Research on Tuesday, August 22.
Thank you.
Jo Corbitt @ ENRON
08/08/2000 03:14 PM
Please be advised that Mr. Rick Buy will NOT attend the
Bi-Weekly Meeting with Research on Tuesday, August 22.
Thank you.
John,
It's very interesting.
Thanks.
Vince
,
JHHerbert
- ts.pdf
David Warwick  Dear Vince
Please may I reintroduce myself. We met last year at the Sydney EPRM
conference which my company KWI sponsored. I chaired the session at which
you spoke.
As you may remember, my company, KWI are one of the world's leading provider
of systems (kW3000) and consultancy for energy, trading and risk management.
We have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world's leading
energy companies (not Enron unfortunately):
North America
- TVA
- Ontario Power
- Cinergy
- Bonneville Power
Europe
- Enel
- ATEL
- Electrabel
- EDF
Nordic
- Vattenfall
- Fortum
- Sydkraft
- Statkraft
- Birka Energi
- Norsk Hydro
Each year we stage a "KWI Users Forum" - a 2-day event attended by leading
trading and risk staff from our clients. Last year there were about 100
delegates. The agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk
management for the energy sector.
The agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from
industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around
using our software.
This years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful Spanish city of
Barcelona and runs from the evening of Sunday September 9th to Tuesday
September 11th. The main conference dinner is on the Monday evening and is
always a memorable event. This year it is in a leading Barcelona restaurant
preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre-dinner drinks.
I would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address, the
highlight of the conference.
The subject could be:
* a general energy risk related topic
* a general insight into the secret of Enron's continued success in
the energy markets
* your thoughts on the future development on energy markets (and other
commodity related - bandwidth etc.) worldwide
Obviously, we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation,
food and drink.
What's in it for you ? Many of our users are some the energy sectors leading
risk thinkers and I'm sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging
views.
Please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation.
David Warwick - Marketing Dierctor and Co-founder
Dear Vince
I will be happy to meet with you. Please let me know when you will be here.
I will check among our students who may be interested. I have a Ph.D.
student that is very good but he is still in the pipeline.
Shmuel.
Shmuel S. Oren, Professor
Dept. of Industrial Engineering
and Operations Research
4117 Etcheverry Hall
University of California
Berkeley, CA 94720-1777
e-mail: oren@ieor.berkeley.edu
phone: (510) 642-1836 or 5484
Fax:      (510) 642-1403
 Shmuel,