Amy,
Could you remove Jan Kennedy from your email list (City of Mesa) and add clifford_cauthen@ci.mesa.az.us Thanks,
Kim
J.,  what is the status of this?  Mark Russell called again this morning for status.  I think he talked to Bill.  Please let me know 
thanks,
Kim
Kim:  I have never received credit from Jay.  Sara
Jay,  Can you send a credit worksheet to Sara for an ISDA for Salt River Project 
Sara, I am attaching the SRP documents 
Let me know if you guys need anything else.  What do you think the timing is on getting a credit worksheet together and a review of their docs?
Thanks,
Kim
Kim:
Legal and credit have never responded on this one since there was no activity.  We will have to do a comparison of the CP form.  We also need credit since nothing has happened since 1999.
Can you resend the email version which Salt River sent to you?
Jay and/or Tracy:  Who will prepare credit?
Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
Enron Wholesale Services
1400 Smith Street, EB3801a
Houston, TX  77002
Ph:  (713) 853-5620
Fax: (713) 646-3490
Sara,
Mark Russell of Salt River Project sent me their ISDA documents last week.  Can we take a look at them and make the changes we would like to incorporate?  He called this morning and they are considering financial transactions with us.  Please give me a call and let me know where we stand with this when you get a chance.  If I should send it on to some one else.  Please let me know that as well.
Thanks,
Kim
I would like to begin working on an ISDA, I have attached our standard form
schedule and CSA for your review.  I think this is a good window of
opportunity.
Mark,
The best person to talk to about the ISDA is me.  I discussed an ISDA with
Tim Roberts when I was in the Salt River offices on March 23rd.  A draft
ISDA was sent to Bill Abraham on November 17, 1999.  I requested for a new
legal review on 3/28/01.  Let me know if you need a new draft and I can
send you or Tim a copy.  My number is 713-853-0685.
Thanks for your inquiry -
Kim Ward
marussel@srpnet.com on 04/05/2001 08:20:15 AM
I have been trying to get an ISDA going with Enron for several months. Who
is the best contact to call?
Kent,
Attached is a draft copy of our Master Purchase/Sale Agreement for physical
natural gas transactions.  As I mentioned before, we can enter into
transactions for less that one year out.  However, for those outside of a
year and for longer terms, we need to have a master in place.  Hopefully,
we can get this one in place so that we will be prepared when/if we get
ready to transact.
Let me know if you have any questions.  I will have our legal guys standing
by to help, too.
Thanks,
Kim Ward
(See attached file: Master_NG_draft_contract.doc)
(See attached file: Master_NG_draft_contract.doc)
- 070301.sample Paragraph13 credit annex isda.doc   - 062701.sample isda schedule.doc  
tomarrow is fine.  Talk to you then.
Kim
Kim,
Both Karla and I are out today.  When are the baseload quantities for
November 2001, due to you?  If I don't hear from you today, I will send them
to you tomorrow, Thursday 10/24.
Monica
We could meet at my house and sit on my patio.  I should stick around until 5:30 or so.  I could be home by 5:45 or 6.  Is that cool?
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your
place?
Brad
of course - where do you want to meet? and what time?
We still on for tomorrow?
What's the plan?
Brad
I am living in an awesome garden home 1 block west of Kirby between
richmond and West Alabama.  Awesome location.  You will have to see it
sometime.  I think I invited you to my housewarming party.  I will just
have to keep your name on the list for future parties.  I never have
customers in town but I have three in next week, including dinner plans
with Tucson Electric on Thursday night.  Maybe the following Thursday?  I
am usually open - let me know.
Kim
Oops.  Moved out of the Heights in April.  Built a place out here in the
stix by Conoco (I-10/Eldridge).  Really miss the food downtown and being
able to go to a game or a happy hour easily.  Where are you living these
days?  Lets grab a beer.  Whats going on next Thursday?
I thought you lived in the Heights?  Shows how much I know!  Don't know of
any specific happy hours but it seems as if there is always something going
on.  I'm not hooked into the broker market so I'm sure you hear about more
happenings than me!  Let me know when you are around and maybe we can get
some people together for a beer.
K.
Just tryin' to make a buck. I got back from a Mexico dove hunt yesterday
that was awesome!  We haven't seen alot of slowdown in the business
(thankfully) but the economy will back a little demand off the market.
Hoping the low price will continue to offset that and get prices moving up
in the next few months.
Don't get into town much since I live and work in east San Antonio.  Any
happy hours worth coming into town for?
Hey, just workin and playin.  No planned vacations!  What's new with you?
How's work?  Things here have slowed down somewhat.  Hope that's not a bad
sign for next year!  What have you been up to?  Haven't seen you about town
at all.
Hey stranger, whats going on?
  I received this email today from a very good friend of mine who has a
 lot of close friends from India.  This letter is to one of those close
 friends.  I don't know if I should pass it around but I want everyone
 I know to be aware.