FYI
Guillermo:  At this time I cannot tell you what is going to happen with your L1 visa, as I have not been instructed to give out any information regarding visas.  Until we know something more, it is a difficult question to answer.
However, in answer to your questions:
1.	You cannot transfer an L1 visa to another company, as it is Enron specific.
2.	You can stay in the US for a short time to pack up and move things.   You cannot stay indefintely, as you will be out of status.
3.	If your wife gets a working visa, then she will be able to stay legally, but I imagine you would then be her dependent.
4.	Alternatively, you can look for a job and get an HIB visa for yourself and and H4 visa for your wife (she still cannot work on an H4 visa 
Once we know more about what is going on, everyone will have a better understanding of what advice to give to visa holders.
Margaret
I would appreciate if you could tell me what is going to happen with my L1-Visa (and the L2 of my wife), if the worst case scenarios for Enron become true.
In particular:
Could Enron transfer my Visa to other US company?
How long could I stay in the US if Enron terminates my contract?
Could we stay in the country if my wife gets a legal job as a teacher?
Do I have any other alternative?
Thank you very much.
Guillermo
Please get this to Fundamentals.
Thanks,
Jim
FYI.  There's some interesting data here.
Samantha
Samantha M. Slater
Manager of State & Regional Affairs
Electric Power Supply Association
1401 New York Avenue, N.W.
11th Floor
Washington, D.C.  20005
Phone: 202-628-8200
Fax: 202-628-8260
E-mail: sslater@epsa.org
- New Coal Plants 07-30-01.ppt 
Janine 
What does this do to our current book of customers on MSG?  Will our $$ margin evaporate?  Is there some other "solution" on how to restructure the FE retail market?  What wholesale issues does FE need to change to help the EWS desk?
Jim
FirstEnergy has made a filing with regard to the shopping credit for next year.  In that filing they are claiming that they have reached 20% switching and therefore do not need to increase the percentage spread between the price we buy the MSG at and the shopping credit.  I have been working with Scott Reneicke and Nicole Schwartz and am planning to file an intervention on behalf of Enron and contest the calculation of the 20% (which includes affiliate transactions) and the argument to not increase the percentage spread and any other arguments Scott may identify. 
Given circumstances, I am assuming that since this is something I can handle, I should do so as opposed to involving outside counsel.
Unless I hear otherwise, I will proceed.
Janine
Lisa 
You should also attend.
Jim
Jim Keller will be setting up a meeting to discuss. 
EveraertN@sullcrom.com on 09/28/2001 12:23:58 PM
Please find attached a revised draft of the Request for No-Action Letter.
We have also attached a redline showing the revisions made to the previous
draft.
Sincerely,
Natalie Everaert
CFTC.rtf>>
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.
- No-Action Request - CFTC(v8).DOC 
- Redline 09-28 No-Action Request - CFTC.rtf 
Ok.  But if this case ends up in Settlement, we should have our priorities outlined before the case.
Jim
Jim.
Our margin will not evaporate.  I am trying to determine if it will take a modest hit since I do not know whether they based their assumptions on the higher or more moderate shopping credit that we could get in subsequent years.  When I have an answer to that, I will let you know.  There is no other solution to restructure the retail martket at this time since this is the result of the settlement and to date, FE has more activity than any other service territory - the issue in my mind is what percent is affiliate.  Moreover, my expectation level that the PUCO will do anything of value for the market is rather low.  Because the value proposition without the MSG is pretty poor and there is no more MSG, FE is a low priority for further action and EWS is not focusing their time there.  If it were higher on the list, the same issues of imbalance risk would apply.
Janine
Janine 
What does this do to our current book of customers on MSG?  Will our $$ margin evaporate?  Is there some other "solution" on how to restructure the FE retail market?  What wholesale issues does FE need to change to help the EWS desk?
Jim
FirstEnergy has made a filing with regard to the shopping credit for next year.  In that filing they are claiming that they have reached 20% switching and therefore do not need to increase the percentage spread between the price we buy the MSG at and the shopping credit.  I have been working with Scott Reneicke and Nicole Schwartz and am planning to file an intervention on behalf of Enron and contest the calculation of the 20% (which includes affiliate transactions) and the argument to not increase the percentage spread and any other arguments Scott may identify. 
Given circumstances, I am assuming that since this is something I can handle, I should do so as opposed to involving outside counsel.
Unless I hear otherwise, I will proceed.
Janine
Attached please find the Nov GA report.  Please call with any questions.
Jim
Mike 
I'm guessing that Sue and/or Jeff have responded.  The short answer is that there are going to be a number of legal tests before we are "completely" in the clear.
Jim
I heard that the CPUC and/or the utilities have taken the position that any amendment to a contract after 9/20, like a pricing amendment, is a new contract entered after 9/20 and therefore invalid.  Is this true?  Does this hold any water?
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Power Marketers Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
Erin Perrigo, Manager of Policy
DATE: October 31, 2001
RE: EPSA Leave-Behind on Market-Based Rate Authority
?Conference Call on Friday, November 2nd at 11:00 a.m.
(EST)
Last Friday, we held a conference call to discuss EPSA's position on possible changes to FERC's market-based rate authorization standard and the Commission's recently released staff report outlining several alternatives to the currently used hub-and-spoke method.  Please review the attached draft, which has been extensively revised based on last week's call.  We have scheduled a conference call on Friday, November 2nd at 11:00 a.m. (EST) to discuss this draft and hope to be able to go forward after that call.  To access the call, please dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA Call. If you have any questions, comments or edits before the call, please contact Julie Simon at 202-628-8200 or jsimon@epsa.org.
Attachment
- MBR leave behind draft 2.doc 
Thanks 
Let's get together (just you and I) and figure out how we can make sure our teams are working together.  I am sure that you don't want to worry about this stuff any more than I do.  How about for 15 minutes after the EES Op Comm on Monday?
Jim
Looks like we are OK.
Evan,
I copy of the Bond Extension Certification was sent to the ICC (Donnal Caton) today.  Again, this certificate was orginally sent on 5/11/01.
Have A Good Weekend!
Craig
fyi -- please assist Gloria with this request.
Thanks,
Evan
Evan, If EES Services Group has the EES Illinois bond expiring June 2002, please send a copy to the Illinois Commerce Commission for Enron's files.
Thanks,
Gloria
This is a quick recap from the Services Group perspective.  I have asked Rebecca Fite to get with Gloria and try and connect what appears to be a disconnect.
Thanks,
Evan
Evan,
Attached is a matrix that identifies our current State Licenses.  We work directly with EES Legal for license renewals and new registrations.  As Craig has indicated below, our records indicate we are current for both Licensing and Bond Requirements in Illinois at a State Level.
As EES is currently pursuing Supplier Billing Option (SBO) behind Commonwealth Edison, we will have to comply with the credit worthiness requirements outlined by Gloria, but my understanding of her email indicates we currently meet these standards and will only be required to supply funds in the event our credit rating drops further.
Please feel free to contact either of us with questions.
,
Rebecca
Craig Shields
11/08/2001 03:48 PM
Evan,
As you know, the license application function was migrated to the Service Desk in August 2001.  This activity was previously maintained by Beth Gooden.  In any case, our records show that EES is current and compliant.  EES was granted a retail license in August 1999.  To maintain the license, EES must submit an annual "Re-certification" and keep a bond current.  A Re-certification application was submitted on 1/31/01 and the  bond was extended through 6/1/02.
I hope this answers your concerns.  Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions and/or require further information.
Craig
Had a call from Tribolet.  He agrees (as does Lisa M.) that we need to rationalize our California legal support.  Can we outline our key cases?  Also, my opinion is to continue to use Mike Day but have YOU as the only "point of contact" for approval of work.  Let's talk today.  We will need to talk with Vicki.
Jim
Documents developed for NARUC by Janel, etal.
Jim
For the NARUC Conference next week  
Glenn Thomas was the chief guy in the Gov office during PECO but was relatively quiet.  He is now the Chair of the PaPUC.  He will probably just discuss how wonderful a job PA is doing.  I don't think that he'll want to pick on Calif.  If you want to talk with him prior to the meeting, I can give him a call or Steve Montovano can arrange something.
Jim
Did governor Jessie eliminate the role in Minnesota?  I believe that it's the equivalent of a state historian.  Thanks for the feedback.
Best,
Jeff
Jeff--so what is a state librarian?  Must be a west coast kind of specialty!!
With regard to Glen Thomas, I believe that he is the newly appointed chair who was previously Governor Tom Ridge's policy guy in the governor's office. I think he is pretty young (early thirties) and that he still has strong ties in that office and should be vocal on markets working and political leadership (the right kind!) being neccesary.  Steffes might be able to give you more insight, but if my recollection is right, he wasn't involved in the early PECO fights--I think he came on the scene a little later. 
On October 4th, I'll be trying to fill Rob Bradley's rather large shoes at the Cal State University Center for California Studies' 13th annual envisioning California conference, "Our Year of Disconnect:  The Politics of Power in California."
I'll be participating in a Roundtable at the plenary session entitled: "Lessons Learned, Unlearned & To Be Learned:  A Roundtable on California's Utility Deregulation."
The Roundtable will be moderated by the State Librarian, Kevin Starr.  The other roundtable-ists include:
Chuck Cicchetti (Edison plant?  Anyone know what he's up to these days?)
Bob Foster--Edison
Nettie Hoge--head of TURN
Glen Thomas--Chair of the Pennsylvania PUC (any info on Chair Thomas is appreciated)
State Senator Debra Bowen
David Freeman--Self-appointed emporer
Dr. Joseph Pratt--History prof., University of Houston (any info on the professor is also appreciated)
Each of us will have two minutes to open and then Dr. Starr will moderate the ensuing mud-slinging.
Attached are some draft talking points that I threw together for your review.  All comments, suggestions, guffaws, etc. are welcome and appreciated.
Best,
Jeff
FYI
FYI
Erin,=20
Thanks for the advance copy of the paper.  While there are a number of very good points made in the paper, Williams has a fundamental problem with EPSA endorsing a new market power test that is more stringent than we think is necessary.  We would recommend that EPSA support the Limited Competing Supplier Test, or perhaps simply take the position in option 5 (no test for bid-based markets operated by an ISO or RTO).  We simply believe that EPSA should not be "negotiating with itself" at this juncture.  That is, we should not assume that the majority of the Commissioners are with Massey.  We should use this paper to argue to the other Commissioners and staff that if they move off Hub and Spoke, they only need to move incrementally, not dramatically.  In making this recommendation we recognize that this may not be enough for FERC and we may not like what we end up with.  But Williams is simply not prepared to support a position we really don't agree with in the hope that we can avoid an even worse result.  I particularly recall Linda Breathitt's reservations about these issues (voiced at the meeting a month ago) and am hopeful that we can influence Wood and Brownell in this regard.
The language that reiterates EPSA's position that FERC's primary focus should be on getting market design right is very well done.  Also the arguments on why it would be disastrous to condition our market based rate authority is well done and timely.
We recognize that EPSA has been working on this issue for weeks now, but this is not a simple issue and we have needed this time to think it through.  We appreciate your efforts and believe this is an important issue for EPSA.   Thanks, Judy Neason
Attached is the last draft of the MBR paper from Boston Pacific.  We are not sending it to the entire group at this point - but would like provide those who have been most active an opportunity to see it one more time.  We'd like to have all comments by tomorrow, COB.
-Erin=20
Erin N. Perrigo=20
Manager of Policy=20
Electric Power Supply Association=20
1401 New York Ave., NW=20
11th Floor=20
Washington, DC  20005=20
p)  202.628.8200=20
f)   202.628.8260=20
eperrigo@epsa.org
That's good.
Jim
Contrary to what we expected, Enron's Billing Dispute Complaint against SCE
has been assigned to Commissioner Duque and ALJ Timothy Sullivan.  Although
the complaint against PG&E has not been officially assigned, I would expect
it to follow suit.  Both SCE's and PG&E's answers to the complaints are due
on October 17th.
Jeanne Bennett 
Agreed.
Seems that, at a minimum, ARM should join, if it doesn't already plan to.  And we should also consider joining ourselves, since it is low cost to do so, and pretty cost issue for our book.  Thoughts?
FYI
ALJ Pulsifer  --  Pursuant to your instructions at today's PHC, this is to
inform you and the parties that CLECA will file a Motion to Strike portions
of the testimony of TURN witness Marcus and PG&E witness Kuga that address
the creation of specific fees or charges on direct access customers.  That
issue is specifically before Comm. Wood and ALJ Barnett in A.98-07-003 and
it is not appropriately part of the inter-utility allocation of DWR costs
that is the subject of this proceeding.  I believe that other customer
groups will join CLECA in that filing, which we plan to make on Tuesday when
the Commission opens for business.  William Booth
Did we want to get off the Creditors Comm.
Enron has been replaced by Reliant Energy Services, Inc.
Stephen L. Johnson
Attorney
United States Department of Justice
Office of the U.S. Trustee
250 Montgomery Street, Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94104 
415-705-3333 tel.
415-705-3379 fax
stephen.johnson2@usdoj.gov
Your thoughts??
Jim
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Gas Issues Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
John Orr, Gas Issues Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
Jack Cashin, Senior Manager of Policy
DATE: 11/9/2001
RE: EPSA Draft Comments on Pipeline Capacity Recall
NOPR
?			Comments due November 19th
?	Conference Call November 14th
?
As discussed on the last Gas Issues Working Group conference call, attached are draft EPSA comments on FERC's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOPR) on pipeline capacity recall.  EPSA opposes the NOPR because it (a) will reduce competition in the secondary market for transportation services and (b) may reduce the pipeline operational flexibility needed by electric generators.   Thus, EPSA urges the Commission not to impose a broad based recall requirement throughout the natural gas industry but rather gain experience with this difficult issue in individual Order No. 637 proceedings.
Please review the draft and forward any comments or proposed changes to the draft to Jack Cashin at EPSA at jcashin@epsa.org by noon on Thursday, November 15th so that we can make a timely filing by Monday, November 19th.  EPSA will hold a conference call on Wednesday, November 14th, at 1:00 P.M. (EST) to discuss the draft.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Jack Cashin/EPSA Call.
Attachment
- GasDayaheadRechallNOPR DRAFT.DOC 
Here is the note.
FYI.  The Harvard Electricity Policy Group maintains a web page with recent
papers on "Standard Market Design" for restructured electricity
markets.  You can reach this page at:
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has announced plans for a
rulemaking proceeding on a standard market design.  You may find these
papers of use.
If you have or know of other papers or links that might be included, please
let us know.
Bill Hogan
William W. Hogan
John F. Kennedy School of Government
Harvard University
79 John F. Kennedy Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
617-495-1317 (o)
617-495-1635 (f)
william_hogan@harvard.edu
www.whogan.com
or
Any issues for the P/Ls or for Tim Belden in the West?
Jim
I received a call this evening from our V&E regulatory counsel (Adam Wenner) who received a call from Dynegy's regulatory attorney, Dan King, about the need for both companies to making filings at FERC to notify FERC of the proposed acquisition and to state that, during the pendency of the acquisition, both companies will treat each other as if the two were already merged (i.e., the standards of conduct and affilate rules will apply 
Under FERC's regulations, as of the date of the agreement, Enron and Dynegy must conduct themselves as if they are already merged.  Therefore, Enron can no longer enter into transactions with Illinois Power to buy or sell power absent FERC approval under section 205 of the Federal Power Act, and Dynegy cannot enter into transactions with Portland General absent prior FERC approval.  With regard to the sale and purchase of non-power goods and services, all non-power goods and services provided by Illinois Power to Enron must be priced at the higher of cost or market. Any non-power goods or services provided by Enron to IP must be priced at a level that does not exceed market price.
We will work with the attorneys to make these filings, but we wanted you to know as soon as possible that we need to stop power sales and purchases with Illinois Power (if we were doing any) and can only enter into transactions with them with prior FERC approval.
We will send a draft of the FERC filing to you for review.  Please let us know if this restriction causes problems for you (e.g., you have existing or forward contracts with IP that are in effect or are scheduled to go into effect during the pendency of the acquisition).
Let us know if you have any questions.
Sarah
FYI. 
Also, does the same obligation present itself in Illinois?  Are there any restricitions or obligations on EES as a marketer in IP territory?
Jim
I received a call this evening from our V&E regulatory counsel (Adam Wenner) who received a call from Dynegy's regulatory attorney, Dan King, about the need for both companies to making filings at FERC to notify FERC of the proposed acquisition and to state that, during the pendency of the acquisition, both companies will treat each other as if the two were already merged (i.e., the standards of conduct and affilate rules will apply 
Under FERC's regulations, as of the date of the agreement, Enron and Dynegy must conduct themselves as if they are already merged.  Therefore, Enron can no longer enter into transactions with Illinois Power to buy or sell power absent FERC approval under section 205 of the Federal Power Act, and Dynegy cannot enter into transactions with Portland General absent prior FERC approval.  With regard to the sale and purchase of non-power goods and services, all non-power goods and services provided by Illinois Power to Enron must be priced at the higher of cost or market. Any non-power goods or services provided by Enron to IP must be priced at a level that does not exceed market price.
We will work with the attorneys to make these filings, but we wanted you to know as soon as possible that we need to stop power sales and purchases with Illinois Power (if we were doing any) and can only enter into transactions with them with prior FERC approval.
We will send a draft of the FERC filing to you for review.  Please let us know if this restriction causes problems for you (e.g., you have existing or forward contracts with IP that are in effect or are scheduled to go into effect during the pendency of the acquisition).
Let us know if you have any questions.
Sarah
FYI.
Jim
PennFuture's E-cubed is a commentary biweekly email publication concerning the current themes and trends in the energy market.
Straight to the Source
Last year when PECO Energy and Unicom merged to form Exelon it was big news. Importantly, the merger settlement provided $32 million to fund the development of renewable energy in Pennsylvania.
This year, the company's wholesale trading and marketing unit, Power Team, presented renewable energy advocates with a big surprise - signing long-term contracts to purchase the output of three new wind farms in Pennsylvania. These contracts were not required as part of the merger settlement, and are not included in the $32 million earmarked for renewable energy funding.
Now a key force in renewable energy development in the East, the Power Team contracts are essential to bringing 78 MW of generation online from these new wind farms, two of which will be operational next month. The 15 MW Mill Run wind farm is scheduled to being operation next week, and the 9 MW Somerset wind farm is scheduled to begin commercial operation the following week.
Mike Freeman, the Power Team trader who made the burgeoning wind energy business in Pennsylvania possible, gave us some insight into Exelon's renewable energy commitment as well as how wind energy can be integrated into America's power grids.
All of the wind is Green-e certifiable as "new" resources. All of the landfill methane is qualified under Green-e, but only 10 MW is new generation. Of the hydro, all of the generation is in larger projects that have been or are eligible for certification under the low-impact hydro standards. The MSW and tire projects are not qualified under Green-e, but the biomass plant is.
Why is Power Team developing a renewable portfolio?
There were two principal reasons: a perceived demand for renewable energy products in the wholesale marketplace, and a desire to diversify our portfolio from the perspectives of fuel, emissions, and cost.
Was there internal resistance or other issues to overcome?
I think the initial reaction was that renewable projects would be a very minor sidelight to our overall business. I don't think many people paid attention to the implications of renewable portfolio standards or external corporate mandates for renewable purchases. Part of the hands-off approach was due to, I believe, a sense that renewable products only meant the re-packaging of existing generation, not changing the power system in any way.
Over time I think many people got comfortable with the idea that the creation of products potentially could initiate new projects that would change the power system. For me that's the most important part of our participation - to help encourage new development. I also think that management began to get comfortable with the idea that renewable energy products could be profitable, and that demand for these products could be sustaining.
Will this encourage new development?
Generators get a creditworthy counter-party that is not only willing to buy all of the energy at the generator location, but is also willing to talk about additional new projects. Over time, other market intermediaries such as power marketers and retail suppliers may become interested in doing the same. If this chain of events occurs, I think we may even see renewable credits traded over the counter, just like other energy products now.
How do renewables fit into Power Team's overall business strategy?
We are a growth company and are constantly in search of ways to sensibly increase our overall generating portfolio. So bringing on new renewable generation into our supply mix really is part of that overall strategy. More specifically, we believe there is sustainable demand for renewable energy, not only because of mandates such as renewable portfolio standards, but also because of natural demand. The average person may not think of it this way, but in supporting the idea of paying a premium for renewable energy I think that people implicitly are accepting the notion that renewable energy is an essential component of how we as a country intend to manage our future energy requirements.
Why Wind?
There's no question that the momentum for wind projects began to build as a result of the PECO restructuring and merger settlements, under which PECO provided funds for new wind projects. A second reason is that the forward electric markets began a steep upward climb beginning in 1998, and especially the off-peak power market beginning in 2000 and continuing into this year. A third reason was the rapid increase in electric demand in the last five years, and a realization that we need to develop a wide-ranging set of answers to meeting the demand, including supply-side and demand-side solutions. We felt that wind generation could play a role on the supply side while meeting what seems to be a growing demand for renewable sources.
What are the primary financial considerations for a wind deal?
The first is probably the need for a long-term contract. Wind generators typically want to enter into fixed-price, long-term agreements to make it easier and cheaper to borrow money and to provide a stable revenue source over a long period. We don't have a problem with long-term deals per se, although we do want to emphasize diversity in our contracting as well. We don't want to hold multiple long-term agreements and nothing else.
In my discussions with generators so far, there has been some flexibility on contract length. In fact, our willingness to enter into a long-term contract is perhaps the key ingredient to getting a wind project financed and built. Beyond the long-term contract, the wind developers want to do business with a creditworthy company that has an investment-grade rating. Exelon Generation is rated A- by S&P so we are a natural counter-party for project financing. Right now, there are not very many long term buyers out there with the kind of credit-worthiness that we have.
Will that always will be the case?
No. If we're right about long-lasting demand, I think other large companies, including distribution companies, will participate in the purchase of energy from these projects. We've teamed up with a retail marketer, Community Energy, to stimulate demand and market wind energy in ways that will move companies to buy it. In the development of conventional generation, it is not always necessary to enter into 20-year agreements for a project to get built. For example, a developer may want to hedge off a portion of the output on a long-term basis but will be willing to sell the rest of the output for shorter periods. And in some cases, the financing source may be comfortable with a shorter-term agreement for the whole thing.
Is there a financial advantage for wind?
If one's view is that the future value of energy is higher than the present value, a generation source with no fuel risk obviously is good to have. Wind has one key advantage over other resources - perpetual availability without any fuel costs or price volatility. This helps mitigate the other risks that wind does present.
It is of course difficult to predict what will happen even in the near term. But I am a believer in broad trends or cycles that are relatively easier to project, outside of significant advances in technology. Over a long period of time, 15 or 20 years, I think the probability of fixed-price wind energy riding out the low cycles while providing a greater amount of benefits in the high cycles is higher than the opposite.
I do believe that the demand for wind generation will be sustained at a moderate premium over generic electricity prices for the next 15 to 20 years.
Is it difficult to integrate wind into your portfolio?
With conventional generation and firm transmission paths, a power marketing entity such as Power Team can bring its resources to the highest markets, whether they are hourly, daily, monthly, or longer. Such transactions are supported by a complex communications network that notifies transmission providers of the timing, amount and ultimate sink of expected output.
The contracts that we enter into on conventional generators depend to a great extent on economic structures that ensure as much as possible that the generator will fulfill our dispatch schedule as close to 100% of the time as possible, so we can avoid the punitive imbalance fees that transmission providers impose when delivered energy doesn't match scheduled energy. The approach we take on wind generation must be quite different, because wind plants provide intermittent output that is difficult to predict within reasonable boundaries of accuracy.
I think the serious wind developers know we are serious about incorporating wind energy into our portfolio. We're one of the biggest physical movers of power in the country and have a significant amount of assets - that must count for something in terms of our ability to more easily integrate a 50 MW wind project into our overall mix.
How does intermittent generation add complexity?
A wind farm generates electricity when the wind blows, not when you flip the switch on. It takes a lot more than I expected to accommodate intermittency, even for an experienced organization like ours, because the transmission system and the operational rules and procedures were not developed with wind generation in mind. You don't have the ability to give transmission providers real-time information for purposes of regulating the system between supply and demand.
In PJM, where generators can offer increments of generation on a day-ahead or real-time basis, and receive (or pay) market-clearing prices depending on actual generation, wind energy can be offered into the system in one of several different ways without experiencing significant imbalance penalties. An obstacle, and we're working with PJM on this right now, is that PJM as the transmission provider typically requires no shorter than 20-minute notice when self-scheduled or must-run generators expect to produce electricity or expect to stop producing electricity. For purposes of regulating the system, PJM then has the ability to tell the self-scheduled generator to go ahead and generate, or to hold off until the energy is needed as a result of the real-time balance of supply and demand.
This will not be practical with wind generation. We'd literally have to assign a trader to the task of monitoring highly suspect expected output from our wind plants and then calling PJM every hour to determine what to do. In the must-run scenario, we'd still have to notify PJM of expected output so PJM can regulate the system with other generators. Either way, we'd have to predict output, which is a dicey
proposition.
Does that make wind generation unreliable?
Not at all. We've got excellent modeling to predict the output from wind generation over a longer period of time, such as a full year. Those predictions underlie our contracts. But it's another thing to tell the wind when to blow. The wind energy industry is working on this from the perspective of improved wind forecasting and a more automated approach than what I've described. In PJM, a 54,000 MW system, this may not seem to be a problem when there is only about 25 MW of wind generation in the system right now, but PJM wants to institute market rules that will be appropriate for a larger amount of wind generation when it arrives. A certain magnitude of wind generation will cause PJM to change the way it now regulates the system.
The complexity cannot be underestimated and we will be part of the solution.
How can scheduling and other rules  better accommodate intermittent resources like wind?
An alternative is for the transmission provider to model the output from a wind plant as "negative" load instead of generation. Which is to say, when the plant is generating electricity, the system load will be reduced by the amount the plant is generating. When the plant is not generating, the load will increase. A tradeoff of that approach is that load typically pays ancillary services expenses such as regulation and spinning reserve. In this unique circumstance, which of the ancillary services apply to negative load, and at what level? We're working with PJM on these questions.
I'm uncertain whether a significant amount of so-called negative load will require any kind of real-time notice to the transmission provider. Of course the transmission systems are operated to react to the unpredictability of load, and one can view the unpredictability of wind generation in the same way. Other countries, and the western U.S. transmission systems, have figured out how to handle large amounts of wind generation, and so can we.
Are you working on other approaches?
Another possibility is to dynamically schedule the output from a wind plant that is situated in a control area without a real-time energy market, to a control area that does have such a market. The output signal from the plant would be available to the transmission provider in the second control area on an automated basis.  The output then becomes part of available supply from moment to moment. However, notice requirements would not be sidestepped with this approach.
Will PJM resolve these problems?
Yes. PJM is progressive and innovative, and has indicated to us that they are willing to work with us to find solutions to the scheduling/imbalance issue. It's hard now because we're breaking new ground. I expect that it will be much easier for the next projects developed.
How big might your renewable portfolio get? Will you keep signing more contracts for new projects?
As long as we continue to see demand for renewable energy, we'll continue to look at projects where there are energy markets whose long-term forward economics support the purchase of energy. I'd like to aggregate a significant amount of wind generation in a single market, such as PJM, to be able to provide PJM with a more diversified supply curve - with multiple projects it may be possible to smooth the output.
We need to do business with companies that have the financing and the organizational will to get these projects completed. We are looking to form relationships with companies that we can build on. If we execute a contract successfully, we'd like to apply the same concepts to additional projects with the same company. Examples of that are Atlantic Renewable Energy Corp. and National Wind Power.
What are some key developments to make the industry grow faster?
We need technological efficiencies to drive down the cost of the equipment, standardized approaches to the transmission of wind generation, financial innovations to allow more risk-sharing, and hybrid approaches such as wind and energy storage.
Perhaps most importantly, we need consumers to buy the wind energy!
PennFuture (www.pennfuture.org), with offices in Harrisburg, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, is a statewide public interest membership organization, which advances policies to protect and improve the state's environment and economy. PennFuture's activities include litigating cases before regulatory bodies and in local, state and federal courts, advocating and advancing legislative action on a state and federal level, public education and assisting citizens in public advocacy.
To unsubscribe, simply reply to this email with "unsubscribe" in the subject.
- vol3no18_92601.doc 
A couple of thoughts 
1.=09NG is trying to schedule a meeting in Columbus either Dec 4 or Dec 5.
2.=09I did speak with Ashley.  He indicated that NG has no specific inclination to avoid LMP in the real-time.  He did not, however, confirm that NG was indifferent.
3.=09I am very concerned with the implication that Mike highlights in his point #1.  NG may simply have misstated its intentions.  But clearly this position makes it difficult for NG to join MISO under Appendix I (they would be giving up too much).
4.=09I agree that what NG is really saying is a for-profit RTO with ownership of some (but not necessarily all) transmission plant in its footprint.
5.=09Let's try and coordinate our discussions with Paul Dawson in the London office to gather his thoughts on NG in the UK market.
Luiz -  Can you please develop some questions / talking points based on the attached comments that we can transmit to Ashley Brown prior to the meeting?
Thanks
Just been through the paper and have the following thoughts or concerns depending on your viewpoint:
1.  The model is inconsistent with the approach taken by FERC.  NG propose that every transco. sets its own rates, runs its own OASIS and manages congestion....how can this ensure 'seamless practices' within each RTO footprint?  I suggest the opposite will occur, that is balkanization.  For example, Transco's can join MISO under Appendix I, and a number are proposing to do so.  Based on NG's proposed split of functions each transco. could join MISO with its own tx rates, OASIS platform and congestion protocol regardless of whether they are consistent.  Under this scenario transmission rates and markets would remain balkanized and vary depending on transmission company geographic reach (similar to today).
2.  NG state that the benefit of a 'for profit' entity is that it can and will manage risk commercially, i agree!  However NG miss the point here....If an RTO/ISO is a non profit organisation, it will only provide services such as tariff admin., OASIS and congestion management (such an RTO will not own tx. assets...the tx. companies that it provides services on behalf of will continue to do so!).  In providing these services the RTO/ISO only manages risk associated with non provision of service, not the underlying transmission delivery risk.  The transmission companies, for whom the RTO provides services, will continue to be 'for profit entities' and will continue to manage risks commercially (RTO benefits result primarily from aggregation of services not from more appropriate commercial risk management...there is nothing to stop tx. owners from managing risk more effectively regardless of proposed RTO structure.  For example NG as a transco., Translink or Cinergy transmission could propose liquidated damage clauses for overselling firm transmission under the non profit RTO structure.  Likewise NG as transco and RTO could make the same proposal).  Commercial form is a second order issue!
3.  NG should have concentrated on supporting FERC policy (4 RTO's) rather than stating one parties view on separation of RTO functions between profit/non profit entities.  FERC policy suggests that the key structural issues are; increasing market size (4 regional markets) and third party access ('level playing field').  This was the basis for the CGM proposal that came out of the SE mediation.  Separating CM and OATT admin. from planning and security coord. improves third party access to real time information which in turn will facilitate market based investment decision making (being investment in transmission, generation or DSM).  Suggesting that transmission investment is necessary to resolve existing transmission constraints either shows ignorance or more likely the conflict that NG has...i suggest that investment in generation or DSM could resolve the problems just as adequately.
4.  The model seems to be based on the assumption that transmission charges will continue to be based on 'contract path' (congestion managed through redispatch).  I assume that NG, and other transmission companies, prefer this approach as it allows them to both maximise cash returns (above appropriate regulated rates) and control information that facilitates new investment (retain monopoly).  I agree with Jim that this suggests a physical approach to congestion management.  NG's concept that third parties can 'energy markets' is consistent with the ARTO approach (i.e. allowing an APX to provide day ahead market functions for example).  I would propose that a transco. should not care what tx. charging methodology was in place as long as it is perceived to be reasonable by customers and receives its aggregate regulated revenue requirement.  Thus CM and OATT administration are not core transco. functions at all 
In summary, I suggest that NG actually propose the paper to reflect a 'for profit' RTO but they do not state this anywhere (even if true, they do not state anywhere that a transco. should have consistent OATT and CM protocols if the assets they own are non contiguous or the transco. has a number of owners). I agree with Luiz that in this form it is a hard sell and does not resolve Enron's ongoing concerns 
Mike
=20
Jim
As per your request, I examined the attached doc (Response of National Grid US to Questions posed by the  Com  
My initial reaction is:
1) The simple answer to your question is: yes, I think the proposed governance and organization structure can live with an LMP model. I am not familiar with other MISO CM model, but at least in terms of LMP, my feeling is that those are not mutually exclusive. It may be worth asking Ashley Brown
2) National Grid and other proponents of For-Profit-Transcos may have other ideas on how to manage congestions (e.g. different reliability level products by customer segment). However, the attached paper makes no allusion to avoid LMP and to introduce other congestion management models. The paper does not imply a physical model either. Your feeling may be right, but it does not surface from the paper per se.
3) National Grid proposal is, in fact, an expanded version of the Southeast Model proposed at the Mediation. It reinforces the role of the Transco Company, preempting, to some extent, the role of the System Admininstrator. This was a very controversial topic in the mediation: the System Adminstrator was in charge of some functions to avoid potential bias.  (particularly from transmission companies who are not willing/able to transfer their T assets)
4) National Grid will face a lot of resistance when selling this idea; Your concerns on generation redispatch and long term transmission planning are "surfaced" in the paper, by creating a concept of "core vs. additional" functions and a chinese wall, if necessary.  But the perception of potential bias does exist. National Grid will probably face a lot of difficulty in " selling"  this idea. Particularly when we get to the details
LM
FYI.  If we were to ask NG, could they live with the MISO CM/market model??
Thanks.
NG proposal for "splitting" work between Transco and other parties.  Don't think they do a great job of managing the key fears - (1) generation redispatch and (2) long-term transmission plant over generation investments. =20
As I read this document, I get the strange feeling that NG is a physical-right player.  Meaning, NG needs to build a model based on physical flows so they can control (a) TTC/ATC and (b) use of non-firm transmission. =20
While the NG letter states that the "functions related to energy markets can be performed by a disinterested third-party", NG specifically reserves as a Core Function the "Ability to propose congestion pricing methodology".  Sure APX could go in and operate the balancing and CM system, but NG has the right to design subject to FERC procedures.
Not sure what you guys think? =20
I will probably get back to Ashley Brown later this week.
Jim
Attached please find a copy of the paper entitled "Response of National Grid USA to Questions Posed by the Commission" for your review.
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
- National Grid Transco White Paper.doc  
Jackie 
Pls send me a copy of the report.
Thx.
We will be holding a conference call on Friday, November 16th at 1:00 p.m. EST to discuss the proposal from Boston Pacific for a cost-benefit study of a southeastern RTO.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563 and ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA call.  If you need another copy of the proposal, please contact Jackie Gallagher at 202-628-8200.
Mike 
EPMI is the QSE.  As long as our customers don't mind that we are deciding their congestion charges internally, then this should work.  My concern was that our customers would balk at Enron deciding how much of our costs they should pay?
Jim
Jim--when you get back I'd like to make sure this analysis fits your understanding of congestion in TX.  Thanks.  MDS
We should have no problem with the pass through of congestion in Texas.  The QSE receives a charge for our entire load and then allocates it to our load of a pro rata basis.  We then pass through these costs to the customer.  This is the same way we do things in the NE and the only way we can pass through intrazonal congestion.  If you would like to discuss this further, please give me a call at 33143. Thanks.
-Joe
Guys 
I understand the differences.  Becky is going to get on the EPSA call tomorrow and tell them that we are ok with the NOPR (and will file as such) and that EPSA should make sure to not blow up the NOPR (or try).  Becky if EPSA wants complete agreement, then they shouldn't file.  Grab me if you want to talk.
Jim
Jim -- Leslie responded that ENA's comments are in favor of the NOPR, as long as the shipper and released-to-customer agree on the terms and subject to legitimate pipeline operational (accounting/balancing) concerns (which accommodate the pipelines' concerns).  Therefore, ENA is taking a different position than EPSA.  Furthermore, EPSA's comments include Dynegy comments against the NOPR.
I agree with ENA's position.  Is this something that EPSA would want agreement of all members to file?  Also, it seems that ENA's approach is consistent with being allowed to make something you purchased into a product that your customer wants.
FYI 
MEMORANDUM
TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
Gas Issues Working Group
FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
John Orr, Gas Issues Working Group Chair
Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
Jack Cashin, Senior Manager of Policy
DATE: 11/9/2001
RE: EPSA Draft Comments on Pipeline Capacity Recall       NOPR 
?			Comments due November 19th
?	Conference Call November 14th
?	
As discussed on the last Gas Issues Working Group conference call, attached are draft EPSA comments on FERC's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOPR) on pipeline capacity recall.  EPSA opposes the NOPR because it (a) will reduce competition in the secondary market for transportation services and (b) may reduce the pipeline operational flexibility needed by electric generators.   Thus, EPSA urges the Commission not to impose a broad based recall requirement throughout the natural gas industry but rather gain experience with this difficult issue in individual Order No. 637 proceedings. 
Please review the draft and forward any comments or proposed changes to the draft to Jack Cashin at EPSA at jcashin@epsa.org by noon on Thursday, November 15th so that we can make a timely filing by Monday, November 19th.  EPSA will hold a conference call on Wednesday, November 14th, at 1:00 P.M. (EST) to discuss the draft.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Jack Cashin/EPSA Call 
Attachment
My initial take is to keep engaged through Perrino.  I'll try and make the call this Thursday.
Jim
Attached is a work plan for a 3-RTO working group (known as SSG-WI) to develop a market monitoring plan for CAISO, RTO West, and WestConnect.  It is turning into the (western) United Nations of Market Monitoring.  According to the attached plan, "This work plan is structured to first agree on the MME's authority and responsibilities, and then focus on the best structure to effectuate the agreement 
We need to quickly decide our level of participation.  Dave participated in a meeting last week and it got them to not send out biased meeting notes. To actually steer the BPA-CAISO train into something we live with, however, will take a lot of work.  I suggest that we bring this up on our next "Western" call.  That being said, I will be on a plane on Thurs morning.  (Ray, could we have the Thursday call at 8:30/10:30/11:30 PST/CDT/EST 
Alan
Hi 
Here's the revised work plan that incorporates Steve's comments.  (I've added a meeting and moved forward some of our "resolution"
dates.  I've also inserted a meeting location rotation.)  I've attached both a red-line and clean version of the work plan.
I think this is ready to go, although everyone might want to take one last look (especially as it sets out an aggressive schedule).
Steve, I assume you'll take care of forwarding the meeting notes and the work plan to SSG-WI.  Let me know if there is anything else
I can do to help.
Thanks!  Kristi
"Greenleaf, Steve" wrote:
 Ollie and others,