>   - Laurie.jpg 
Can you provide the West Desk with an update on the Socal Storage projects-Socal Montebello Salvage Project ;Alsio Canyon and Lo goleta Cushion Gas Projects  Would like to  have something by this afternoon if possible.
Whew!  Now we can all be successful as ENE 
How has Enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have
struggled to deal with the changing market landscape?
Global Change Associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new
corporate profile entitled, "Enron 2001: An Inside View".  This objective
study takes an insider's look at Enron, specifically, how the firm operates
and the keys to its success. Much of the information provided comes from
first hand accounts and covers areas such as:
?	The firm's structure and operations
?	The recruitment and training of new employees
?	How Enron empowers and compensates its employees
?	The keys to structuring Enron type "risk free" transactions
?	How to negotiate with Enron
?	Why Enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations
?	Is the Enron model right for your organization?
Enron 2001: An Inside View is a unique publication. It provides valuable
insight into the firm's operations and analyzes its successes and failures.
For those firms dealing directly with Enron, or thinking about adopting some
of Enron's business practices, it is an invaluable, must have tool.
This innovative study is available for purchase at $995.00.
For a detailed Table of Contents please open the attached file,
Enron2001TOC. To order please go to www.global-change.com, click on
"Reports" or complete the attached order form and fax to 212-625-8810.
For more information on this product please contact Alan M. Herbst at
212-625-1711 or via email at info@global-change.com.
To be removed from this distribution list, please reply with the word REMOVE
in the subject line.
- Enron 2001TOC.pdf 
- Enron2001Order.pdf 
They are selling gas from Montebello 
They have been given authority by the PUC to begin taking steps to sell from the remaining two (Alsio and La Goleta), but the PUC left some issues (principally around ratemaking) open, and have not given them the authority to actually begin selling the gas.  SoCal would like to start selling around Oct. 1, so they're expecting (hoping for) a decision in early September.  However, the state-run consumer group (ORA) and TURN have asked the Commission to require SoCal to retain two-thirds of the gas and sell it to the core at book value--unclear where the Commission will come out on that.
If there's anything else, let me know.
Best,
Jeff
Can you provide the West Desk with an update on the Socal Storage projects-Socal Montebello Salvage Project ;Alsio Canyon and Lo goleta Cushion Gas Projects  Would like to  have something by this afternoon if possible.
Thank you for the update.  If there statuses change, please advise.
They are selling gas from Montebello 
They have been given authority by the PUC to begin taking steps to sell from the remaining two (Alsio and La Goleta), but the PUC left some issues (principally around ratemaking) open, and have not given them the authority to actually begin selling the gas.  SoCal would like to start selling around Oct. 1, so they're expecting (hoping for) a decision in early September.  However, the state-run consumer group (ORA) and TURN have asked the Commission to require SoCal to retain two-thirds of the gas and sell it to the core at book value--unclear where the Commission will come out on that.
If there's anything else, let me know.
Best,
Jeff
Can you provide the West Desk with an update on the Socal Storage projects-Socal Montebello Salvage Project ;Alsio Canyon and Lo goleta Cushion Gas Projects  Would like to  have something by this afternoon if possible.
Mike really enjoyed the meeting  yesterday.  Thank you both for attending.  We are scheduled to have that same meeting every two weeks.  I hope that one or both of  you can attend via conference call or in person.. I will try to remember to call you on the day of the meeting   to see if you want to attend or to advise you of any change in plans.  Thanks again .
no- the more the merrier.   Just need to get her phonenumber so we can hook her up..   By the way I talked on the QT to the Socal Gas trader and told him that I could not fathom that they would even consider 143 receipts points.  He said Rob Davis is clueless and currently is on a power trip.  They are going to meet with him next week to make sure that he understands that he works for them and not the other way around 
Leslie and I work closely with Donna Fulton in our D.C. office.  I was talking to her yesterday evening after the meeting and told her how much we got out of it.  I think it would be very helpful to us all if she also participated by phone as often as she is able and she is willing to do so.  Would you have any problem with that? 
Mike really enjoyed the meeting  yesterday.  Thank you both for attending.  We are scheduled to have that same meeting every two weeks.  I hope that one or both of  you can attend via conference call or in person.. I will try to remember to call you on the day of the meeting   to see if you want to attend or to advise you of any change in plans.  Thanks again .
that's up to you.  Stephanie and I are going.  Have not seen agenda.
Hey, I just got around to going through my mailbox and I did get an invitation to the customer meeting.  Do you think I need to go?
Internet Mail Message
Received from host: