> Hallmark cards you'll NEVER see!
 >  *"Congratulations on your wedding day!  Too bad no one likes your
 wife."
 >  *"How could two people as beautiful as you have such an ugly baby?"
 >  *"I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love.
 >  After having met you, I've changed my mind."
 >  *"I must admit, you brought Religion in my life.  I never believed in
 Hell
 >  until I met you."
 >  *"Looking back over the years that we've been together, I can't help
 but
 >  wonder: What the fuck was I thinking?"
 >  *"As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to
 ruin
 >  it for me."
 >  *"If I get only one thing for Christmas, I hope it's your sister."
 >  *"As you grow older, Mom, I think of all the gifts you've given me.
 >  Like the need for therapy > >  *"Thanks for being a part of my life!  I never knew what evil was
 before
 >  this!"
 >  *"Congratulations on your promotion.  Before you go, would like to take
 this
 >  knife out of my back?  You'll probably need it again."
 >  *"Someday I hope to get married, but not to you."
 >  *"Happy Birthday!  You look great for your age...almost life-like!
 >  *"When we were together, you always said you'd die for me.
 >  Now that we've broken up, I think it's time you kept your promise."
 >  *"We have been friends for a very long time -- what do you say we call
 it
 >  quits?"
 >  *"I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here."
 >  *"Congratulations on your new bundle of joy.
 >  Did you ever find out who the father was?"
 >  *"You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship and
 there
 was
 >  only one life jacket, I'd miss you heaps and think of you often."
 >  *"Your friends and I wanted to do something special for your birthday
 so
 >  we're having you put to sleep."
 >  *"Happy Birthday, Uncle Dad!!" (available only in Arkansas, West
 >  VA,Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia-Oh Hell, lets just say all states south
 of
 >  Maryland    >
 
Per Leah, probably won't be able to get imbalance off after Friday.
Enron In Action	 Week of 04.24.00
IVOLUNTEERI  
Join U of H legend and former Houston Rocket Clyde Drexler for the 9th Annual 
Epilepsy Summer Stroll at  Terry Hershey Park Saturday, May 13th.  We are 
looking for team captains and walkers.  For more details, please contact 
Sherri Saunders at 3-6107 or Stephanie Nikolis at 3-1967.
IHAPPENINGSI  
Aeros Playoff Hockey Tickets- The Houston Aeros will begin their defense of 
the Turner Cup April 29th at Compaq Center.  Enron Employees can purchase 
discounted tickets in advance in the Enron Building lobby on Wednesday, April 
26th from 11 AM - 1 PM.  You can also go to the Community Relations website 
for an order form-   Any questions, call the Houston 
Aeros at (713) 361-7937.
Get into the spring of things with the blooming plant sale in the Enron Lobby 
Wed., April 26th from 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. 
Enron Spring Volleyball Tournament 2000 is scheduled for May 13th at 9:00 
a.m.   For more information contact Jodi Dziadek at x34301.
Get CPR/First Aid Certified this month!  Learn the lifesaving techniques for 
you and your family.  Learn how to perform adult & infant CPR and how to use 
an AED (automatic external defibrillator).  April 25, 1:00 - 5:00 p.m.  Cost 
is $10.  To register call the Health Center at x36100. 
Enron Company Picnic Astroworld tickets can only be used on the day of the 
picnic - May 7, 2000. If any questions or still need to buy tickets, please 
contact Rachel at X57629. 
IWORKPERKSI
Enron has a free shuttle service to parking garages, surface lots, and Metro 
bus stops in the immediate downtown area.  Route maps and time information 
are available at the Transportation Desk on Level 3 of the Enron Building The program will soon be evaluated  for improvements.  Your comments and 
suggestions are welcome.  Comment cards are available on the shuttle and at 
the Transportation Desk.
ISAVE THE DATEI
May 6th -  Kremlin Gold Collection at the Museum of Natural Science, dontate 
a new or gently used book and receive a discount on admission plus a free 
pass to the IMAX film "Gold Fever".
June 9th - Bring Your Child To Work Day 
Friends,
Greetings from India.  Just a brief update to let you all know what is
happening.  This week I finished a 3 week teaching course on the Book of
Romans, with 8 students from one of the schools in Kodai.  I think that is
the most exciting thing I have ever done in my life.  I asked the students
one day who lead them to Christ.  Everyone single one of them have been
saved through the ministry that I and Jonathan Daniels have been doing in
their school over the last year.  But what was even more exciting than that
was the fact that only one of them was from a Christian family.  All of the
others were from Hindu families, except one who was from a Muslim family.
That young man's name is Anifa.  He came to Christ through one of the
pograms I did last year at his school. In just one year he has grown so
much, and is known campus wide as young man of integrity and devotion to
Christ.  Already he has lead several other young men to the Lord.  Anifa
will honestly spend hours at a time waiting on God, and the whole school
knows that he is a man of prayer.  Recently Anifa asked me if I would teach
him how to preach, because he said he believes that God wants him to go back
and reach his people for Jesus.
Until Anifa shared his testimony with me, I was getting a little frustrated,
because I thought that in all of my time here in India, I had not won a
single Muslim to Christ.  Now I can leave Kodaikanal confidently, because I
have won one young man to Christ, and I know that he will win many others.
Please be praying for a team from North Texas District lead by John Bates,
and a team from San Antonio First Assembly of God lead by Andy Hostetler.
They will be coming in June and July.  We will be starting 2 new Churches,
and ministering in the schools.
And please continue to pray for the new Church in Shenoy Nagar that was
started last summer by the team from Southwestern.
I look forward to seeing you all this year.  Angela and I are praying about
God's direction for our future.  Please pray with us that for God's guidance
as we plan for our future together.  God bless.
Chad Germany
Please change the term on deal 143913 to evergreen.
thanks
Here is the segmented capacity volumes for May
Zone Master K# Volume  Segmented Contract
6-6 3.4367  40,000  3.4367 (ready to rock)
3-3 .7537  46,800  3.4620 (will execute last segments tomorrow)
3-3 .7537  24,400  3.4620 (will execute last segments tomorrow)
3-3 .7537  100,000  3.4801(backhaul k) (will execute last segments tomorrow)
I did get the email.  I was looking right at it and couldn't see it I guess.
I believe Irena talked to everyone - just to confirm - we changed the meeting 
date/time -
Moved to Friday - April 28 a 11 am - EB2132.
Please plan to attend one more meeting on Thursday, April 27 at 11:00 am in 
EB2132 regarding changes to Sitara and Unify to accomodate transportation 
reimbursements systematically rather than spreadsheet based.  Please advise 
if you cannot attend.
Contract 230104 (deal 231301) does not exist.  The correct contract is 560104 
(deal 254262).  I just killed deal 231301.
thanks
Robert, our CNG/Cove Point meter is set up and we can fix the 19th.  I just 
entered deal 253505 moving gas from CNG to Cove Point.
thanks
I want you to go to Forida with me!
Darn pager.
Chris Germany
04/26/2000 04:26 PM