Margaret Jones 
I have a meeting in Cuero at 10:00 am this Saturday that will last only an 
hour or so.  Other than that, we have no reason to go.  Maybe you could fly 
me to that?
If so, I'll need to ask Melissa.  She would not haev to go in that case and 
can stay and recuperate.
I need to check with Melissa first.  I'll call her now.
Hold off on the reservations as I cannot get hold of her.  She may want to 
drive for another reason I don't know of.  How long would we have to decide 
if we did want to fly.  Also, could Melissa and Hunter go also.
Here's a link to the data.  I'll come over there and show you where it is 
exactly
I'm going to get some scanned shortly.  Didn't get the CD.
Can there not be an argument made to dive into TXN?  It's trading at 25 
forward P/E (2001) with a 5-year consensus growth rate of 24.2.  A PEG of ~1 
on a high quality stock with superior technology, good management, great 
market position and tremendous long-term growth has got to be an opportunity, 
right?  What's your view?
The technicals (MACD) are not great right now but I think fundamentally this 
is a tremendous value long-term.  It looks like the economy has really got 
the brakes on now (too much) but wouldn't you expect the market to begin 
pricing in rate cuts in 2001 pretty soon and an eventual return to high 
growth in technology?  I wouldn't touch any peripheral players but some of 
the megacap stocks with great market positions, like TXN, are sure tempting.
Nasdaq down 46% from its March high and not looking good at the open.  This 
could be a "buy while there is blood in the streets" opportunity.
Ok.  I'm in a class the last two days so E-mail access is limited.  Looks 
like rain tomorrow so i doubt flying will work, huh?
I'll call you this evening.  I'll be on this e-mail for 5 more minutes.
I'm in Deriv 3 class.  I just sold my remaining 2 contracts @4 3/8.  NOt too 
bad
I have a link that looks like a lightbulb on my Lotus notes desktop.  If you 
don't have it, talk to your assistant.  I'll call you at lunch or on monday
Margaret Jones  Charlie, I don't know if you'll have any plans for the superbowl but if
you would like to come to Galveston you are more than welcome.  We will
be at Pop's house - Jimmy's brothers will be there - we are going to
plan the menu this evening but last night Mitchell and I decided some
nice heavy h'or'dourves (sp?) might be nice - and anything Mitchell
cooks is really worth the dive.  Anyway let me know.  Love, Margaret
Margaret Jones  Charlie, I don't know if you'll have any plans for the superbowl but if
you would like to come to Galveston you are more than welcome.  We will
be at Pop's house - Jimmy's brothers will be there - we are going to
plan the menu this evening but last night Mitchell and I decided some
nice heavy h'or'dourves (sp?) might be nice - and anything Mitchell
cooks is really worth the dive.  Anyway let me know.  Love, Margaret
Steve_D_Moore@Dell.com on 01/25/2001 03:43:44 PM
DELL & ENRON ClickAtHome ORDER CONFIRMATION
Thank you for your Enron ClickAtHome order!  Please read and retain this
e-mail for your records.  It contains important information relating to your
order that should be used in any future communications with Dell.
Your Dell customer number is:  12831655
Your order number is: 509070314
Your total "Out of Pocket" amount:  $ 0
The total "Out of Pocket" amount includes upgrade costs, shipping and taxes.
Your Online Sales Point of Contact:
We are here to assist you with your order if needed. Our office hours are
Monday- Friday, 8am-7pm Central Standard Time.  You can reach our office by
calling 1-866-220-3355 or through e-mail at:  US_EPP_Clickathome@dell.com
Estimated Ship Date:
We estimate that your order should be shipped on or before 01/31//01.
Although we do not anticipate a delay in your order, we cannot guarantee the
shipping date as we occasionally run into unexpected delays in
manufacturing.  Your order is being shipped to you under Dell's terms and
conditions of sale found at: www.dell.com 
Total Satisfaction Policy:
If you wish to cancel your order for any reason within 30 days, we'll refund
amounts paid by you, minus shipping costs, no questions asked.  You are
responsible for the cost of shipping your system back to us.
EPP Customer Care contact options: 1-866-220-3355,  option 4 or use the
e-mail box  US Relationship EPP@dell.com  
How to Check Order Status:
If you would like to check the status of your order, please call Dell's
automated order status inquiry system at:  1-800-433-9014, or visit Dell's
Order Status Page at  
You can also register to have Dell e-mail you when your order is shipped, by
going to  
How to reach a Technical Support Representative:
Once you have received your equipment, if you need to contact a Dell
technical support representative, please call 1-866-220-3355, option 3.  You
will be asked to give your "Service Tag Number".  The "Service Tag Number"
is a five digit alphanumeric number written on the white bar code label on
the back of the system.  Please have this number ready before you contact
the technical support representative.
Thank you for participating in the Dell/ Enron ClickAtHome program.  It is
my pleasure to work with you.
Sincerely,
Steve D Moore
Dell Computer Corporation
Online Orders
Relationship Employee Purchase Program
WDBodine@aol.com on 01/25/2001 01:48:43 PM
Charlie 
I wanted to follow up to confirm that we are still planning on a meeting for  
next Thursday, January 1 at your office in Houston. ?At this meeting we can  
discuss mPower's capabilities to model grain yields using localized weather  
information and how this will fit your needs for your trading group. 
I look forward to meeting with you. ?If you have any questions prior to our  
meeting, please let me know. 
Thank you 
Bill Bodine 
mPower Specialist 
970-396-9141 
WDBodine@aol.com 
Date is supposed to be Feb. 1 WDBodine@aol.com on 01/25/2001 01:48:43 PM
Charlie 
I wanted to follow up to confirm that we are still planning on a meeting for  
next Thursday, January 1 at your office in Houston. ?At this meeting we can  
discuss mPower's capabilities to model grain yields using localized weather  
information and how this will fit your needs for your trading group. 
I look forward to meeting with you. ?If you have any questions prior to our  
meeting, please let me know. 
Thank you 
Bill Bodine 
mPower Specialist 
970-396-9141 
WDBodine@aol.com 
We likely will come unless we are still too sick.  We've all still got the 
"crud".  I'll call tomorrow evening and let you know.
Melissa said that she could/would make a "Football" cake if you want.  Just 
let me know when I call as I will not get any more e-mails today.
Thanks!
Thanks for the evening.  We had a good time and your kitchen looks great!
Love,
Charlie
&plot=LINE&mavg=10+50&dji=&sp500=&nasdaq=&symbol=TXN
Margaret Jones  Your welcome and thank you - we were glad you could make it.  After you'll
left Elizabeth said "Mama, I thought you said Melissa had a baby in her
stomach."  She also wanted to know when they were going to cut it out.
Anyway, the Mardi Gras parades I wanted you'll to go to are on February 17th
at noon and at 6:00.  If you go to www.mardigrasgalveston.com you can see all
of the events.  We would really like it if you'll came - the kids always
enjoy jumping for the beads - the adults do too.  Let Stacey and Russell know
that they are welcome too.  Love, Margaret
V.Charles.Weldon@ wrote:
 Thanks for the evening.  We had a good time and your kitchen looks great!