Vince
Pamela Vande Krol Castro  Just a reminder that final exam time for module 6 is almost upon us (April
30 to May 4)!
If you need a slot reserved for your exam please contact Linda Werckle at
713-348-3463 as soon as possible.  Space is filling up quickly and we have
many demands for this period of time.  We want you to have the best time
possible so contact Linda as soon as you know you will be needing a room.
Let me know if you have any questions!
Pamela Castro
MBA Program Associate
Rice University
713-348-6223
Vince,
Greetings.
Just wanted to drop a line expressing regret for my missing your Texas
Finance Festival (TFF) keynote address.  I would have enjoyed hearing your
views and catching up on things.
Regrettably, however, it appears I will be unable to attend this year's
TFF.  I look forward to seeing you again at next month's EPRM 2001.
Best,
Ehud
Jack S. Josey Professor in Energy Studies
Department of Finance
McCombs School of Business
University of Texas at Austin
Austin, TX. 78712-1179
Voice:  (512) 471-5853
FAX:   (512) 471-5073
Internet:  eronn@mail.utexas.edu
David Ikenberry  Mr. Fastow,
I'm writing all of our participants and confirming plans for the upcoming
corporate finance meetings on May 4-5 here.  As a reminder, you are slated
to sit on the executive option/equity dilution panel on Saturday
morning.  Dave Yermack from NYU, the number one expert on this issue, is
presenting at that session.  (Again, serving as a panelist should require
little preparation on your behalf.)
Also, you and your wife are welcome to attend the dinner on Friday evening,
May 4.  It will be held in the Baker Institute across from the business
school.  Tom Copeland is our speaker - (I think he plans to focus his
remarks on real options).  Vince Kaminski  has told me he will be at the
dinner, however his wife is out of town and will not be.
Please call me direct if I can be of any help or assistance.   I look
forward to seeing you soon.  I've attached a copy of the program along with
a name rooster of those planning to attend.
Dave Ikenberry
Prof. David Ikenberry
Jones Graduate School of Management
Rice University
713-348-5385
Hi again,
As, I stated is a prior emails, the contact details for the RiskCalc folks are as follows:
1.  Marc Brammer
Director of Strategic Sales
tel:  800.523.2627, x5706
mbrammer@MoodysRMS.com
2. Neal Clark
Vice President
Tel:  800.523.2627, x5701
nclark@MoodysRMS.com
Neal said that he would be willing to set up a meeting between us and their quants to better understand their model, the various inputs and whether or not the model can be tweaked for less than the 17 specified inputs.
Let me know if you guys wish to have Neal set up a conference between Moody's quants and Enron folks in Houston and London.
Ciao,
Iris
Iris/Amitava,
I may have already said this, but we've had so many e-mails and telephone calls flying back and forth that I wanted to make sure I at least got this much out to you.  Clearly, I would like you to set up the meeting with the RiskCalc gurus to dig deeper into their methodology (as much as they'll tell) and the impact of missing variables and any other idiosyncracies the model may have.  Also try to get a better feel for how well they think the model extends to other countries.  I know from a previous conversation with Lea Carty and reading about the model that it was calibrated off North American names but they suspect it might extend to other countries.  Conversely, I know they are working efforts within Moody's Risk Management Services to develop private (and probably public) firm models specific to regions.  One they mentioned was Australia and also within Western Europe.  Data, as always, was the issue.  See if the quants have any perspective on their success/plan in that area.
Lastly, we truly appreciate the aggressive efforts you both have made toward pushing off this private model initiative and I'm very confident we'll be able to nail a firm plan down upon receipt of either D&B and/or Experian data.
Cheers,
Scott
Mike Mumford@ECT
19/04/2001 17:55
Hi,
Two RiskCalc sales people made a presentation this week about their product.
They stated that they could set up a meeting with their quants and our people to discuss the model input and what happens if we have less than 17 inputs.
,
Iris
Ooops... part II.
I just threw out 12 as a number for something we might develop... it's really not based on anything.  We know 17 will work for pre-packaged programs.  We also know there will be a great number of names with less than the full 17... I assume we would pursue another model (internal or external) to provide probably less accurate numbers but at least available for names with fewer inputs 
Mike
Hi Mike,
Thanks for your email.
What do you mean by "buying blind  all major data associated with these specific DUNS numbers"?
I am puzzled about why you would be looking at 17 vs 12 fields.  I know RiskCalc requires 17 inputs and seem to apply that the model does not work for less than 17.  Yesterday the RiskCalc sales people could not guarantte that their model would work for less than the required 17 data inputs.  They suggested that this would be a question to direct towards their quants who developed the model.
,
Iris
Iris,
Thanks.
After our meeting we stuck around to discuss things a little further.
Specifically with respect to global counterparty names... we have DUNS cross-references on about 70 of active names (13k out of 18.5k).  We could greatly accellerate purchase of some useful data by buying blind all major data associated with these specific DUNS numbers.
Pro  -  Data gets in on names we know we want to review ASAP, but without resolution on which specific fields are most useful.  We also get to test for completeness of data (how many have all 17 fields... how many have only 12 of which fields, etc 
Con  -  Costs could be significantly higher... buying info we don't know we need (converse of buying only the 17 fields doesn't seem best answer).  We would end up buying additional info later... overhead costs and piecemeal buying will increase costs.  IT development time would be greatly increased... multiple file formats... developing to unknown maximum size, etc.... redoing when more data is purchased.
Any thoughts.
Mike
Jeff Gray@EES
04/17/2001 12:30 PM
Vince:
Have you or a member of your group had a chance to look over the forwarded e-mail yet?  We have a meeting on Thursday with another potential client who plans to use his own capital.  His capital budgeting issues are similar to those of the client who prompted my original e-mail.
The more DSM projects that we can help the client get approved, the more DSM savings we can share with the client.  These DSM projects can turn a retail commodity contract with low profitability into a substantially more profitable contract for us.
Would one of your GARCH analyses provide us with a quantitative solution?  One of your experts in differential equations might have devised something.  We'd really like to have something quantitative if you think it's at all possible.
Thanks,
Jeff
Jeff Gray
04/09/2001 04:41 PM
Vince:
Could you spare a few moments to look over the attached three-page Power Point presentation?  At a minimum, we're trying to demonstrate the following:  In high-volatility electricity environments, for those EES customers who employ their own capital, their usual capital-project IRR hurdles may be lowered slightly in the special case of DSM projects, to allow for the extra value derived from reduced risk exposure stemming from reduced power consumption/dependence.
I'm pushing the boundaries of real-option theory (and good sense) and viewing a DSM project as a series of options, the values of which are additive.  First is the option to engage in the DSM project itself; which, if we exercise the option immediately, can be valued intrinsically through a simple NPV analysis.  Second is a strip of put options to generate "negawatts," extending over the useful life of a DSM installation, the cumulative value of which is an extrinsic value associated with the DSM project.  These options are exercised sequentially--over the life of the DSM installation--whenever the customer experiences a dramatic, stochastic spike in electricity price, associated with a lognormal price distribution.  I'm calling the value of this strip a "residual time value" associated with the original DSM option.  If we can add this residual time value to the NPV and derive a total value that is quantitatively higher than a simple NPV alone,  we may be able to help the customer get more projects approved, even at the original high IRR hurdle.
Alternatively, and more feasibly, we'd like to give these same customers a "qualitative" tool with which they can convince their finance gatekeepers to lower--for DSM projects--their standard capital-project IRR hurdle .  The attached presentation is a first attempt at this qualitative argument.
We intend to use this only as a sales and marketing tool, to allow at least one of our customers who has an onerously high hurdle rate to manage around his company's internal capital-budgeting requirements.  He has set aside a large sum of money for DSM projects, but will only be able to spend a small portion of it under his company's current capital budgeting methodology, which does not take into account forward commodity price volatility.
In your opinion, is there any hope in devising a quantitative justification, or will we have to stick with the qualitative argument as described in the attached presentation?  In other words, is it possible to quantify "residual time value" as I've defined it above? Or, even better, are you aware of a more practical way of conceptualizing this problem?
Thanks,
Jeff Gray
=20
=20
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
01/05/2001 03:26 PM
Jeff,
A few comments on the model:
1. We have a few reservations about some features of the model but would like to
discuss it internally and make the improvements without giving the benefit of our insights to the consultant.
In general, the model is not unreasonable but the devil is always in the details and in the inputs and
calibration. The same model may produce drastically different results depending
on the quality of inputs.=20
2. We don't have a separate pool of programmers in the Research  Group. We were told that you
would provide an IT resource. Alex would supervise this person.
Vince
Kevin,
Stinson is looking into it.
I shall get back to you
later today after I check with him.
Vince
Kevin G Moore
04/20/2001 06:13 AM
It's coming Vince would you like me to purchase flowers for
Shirley and the rest of the ladies Please inform 
Thanks
Kevin Moore
Vasant,
It seems we have to help them. Can Kate help
on this project?
Vince
Nelson Neale@
04/20/2001 10:29 AM
I had a chance to speak with Christian LeBroc this morning with regard to curve building for petrochemicals.  As it turns out, Christian left RAC in April and joined the Petrochem Desk as a trader.  Previous efforts at construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or SWAGs.  Unfortunately, the group had a rough P&L year with at least some of the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof.  When asked about the fundamentals group, Christian indicated that they'd only been around about 3-4 months and are not yet well-suited to curve building.  John Nowlan is indeed the head of the group 
From a timing perspective, I told Christian that it would probably take at least 6-8 weeks to develop a curve, especially considering the need to understand the key market drivers/fundamentals.  As was suggested yesterday during our meeting, a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a NYMEX component (e.g., crude oil) would provide a great beginning point--we could then potentially strengthen/augment  this relationship with other key factors (e.g., supply and demand terms) borne out of our market research.
Nelson
Osman,
This guy is too much.
I would tell him that we understand
that he has to make the best choice
for himself  and can change his mind  but at this point we treat 
his decision as final but we still  appreciate the interest he showed
in Enron.
We never had any luck hiring a statistician.
Maybe we shall get one some day.
Vince
Osman Sezgen@EES
04/20/2001 11:54 AM
I had a message on my phone this morning from WIlliam indicating that
he had changed his mind and will be taking another job. He also mentions that
the other organization will give him time to publish his  thesis and he assumes 
Enron would not do that.
I am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so.
Osman
Shirley,
Please, put it on my calendar.
Vince
PIRA is coming in May to do their semi-annual energy outlook.
Greg Shuttlesworth- North American Natural Gas --- May 14th 3-5 pm (30 C1)
?=09New Production Outlook
?=09Price Direction
?=09Demand Fundamentals
Dr. Gary Ross - World Oil Outlook --- May 16th 7-8:30 am --32C2
?=09OIl/ Demand/ supply Outlook
?=09Regional balances
?=09OPEC Rhetoric
Jen Fraser
34759
Anne,
Thanks.
Vince
Good news,  I finally received the memo from legal that accompanies project bonuses.  I have left Sevil a voice mail to contact me at her earliest convenience.  Sevil should receive this payment on April 30th.
Bill,
Lacima is relatively small, but they have two very competent 
and experienced principals: Chris Strickland and Les Clewlow.
I am looking right now at a number of options. Hopefully, I shall make a decision
within a few weeks.
Vince
Have you developed plans?  I'd be interested in your evaluation of Lakima
Group, whom I believe you've worked with.  How big are they?
Bill,
Delayed congratulations.
Vince
Hi Vince -
Its very sad to see what has happened.  I hope you are doing OK under
the
circumstances.  I wanted also to let you know that I'm transitioning
to
an
advisory role at Opt4  since they are now in a more operational mode,
rather
than developmental.  I've joined Charles River Associates in the Palo
Alto
office. What are your plans for the future?  I would like to extend
an
invitation to get to know us better, and perhaps to collaborate if
our
interests coincide.  When do you get back from vacation?
Bill Balson
Vice President
Charles River Associates
285 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Direct: 650-847-2227  Cell: 650-823-2510 FAX: 650-325-2488
wbalson@crai.com
Rob,
The orgchart per your request. Did you follow up on my suggestion regarding
the PC? My secretary can give you the serial number of the CPU and you can
scan the hard drive for recently created/deleted files. IT guys took all the old PCs
my group was using away.
Vince
Althea
Great news. It's all your hard work.
Vince
Althea Gordon@
04/20/2001 01:43 PM
Stanford Team, 
We have received yet another acceptance - Noah Jacobs has accepted our offer as a summer associate.  We are now 4 of 6 for our summer offers.  I have sent Paul Kasper, our one full time offer a cultivation gift and will be checking in on him next week.  Also Eric Cope, a Stanford student that Vince Kaminski's group had interviewed here in Houston for a summer associate position has also accepted.  All in all our Stanford numbers are looking great!
Many thanks to everyone and keep up the great work!
Althea
Iris,
Can you forward me the attachments to this message.
I cannot open them.
Vince
Thanks, will look at these along with the other models.
,
Iris
The LIBOR and asset swap models are now live on the traders' desktops, so in order to aid your understanding and validation of them, here are the technical documents:
Please read, and report back with any questions, criticisms or ideas. Feedback is the only way we'll ever progress forward 
thanks
Ben
FYI
Vince
Please mark your calendar now and make every effort to attend the upcoming Enron Global Markets - All Employee Meeting.  The details for the meeting are as follows:
Enron Global Markets
All Employee Meeting
Monday, May 7, 2001
3:30 - 4:30 p.m. - Business Meeting
4:30 - 6:00 p.m. - Cocktails and Appetizers
Hyatt Regency Hotel - Houston
Imperial Ballroom
Grant,
Tuesday or Wednesday would work.
Please, call me in the morning or at home tonight (281) 367 5377.
Alternatively, we could have  breakfast.
Vince
 Vince: