Iris
Vasant Shanbhogue
04/02/2001 08:54 AM
Slightly edited version for small typo.
Paul,
We have done a lot of work in this area. I shall call you later
today (Monday my time), Tuesday morning your time with
some recommendations.
Vince
P.S. Shirley, please send a Real Options binder to Paul.
Vince
Vince,
The Sydney office is currently evaluating a proposal that involves an option 
to participate in building a wind farm. Should this proceed, we would like to 
mark this option "to market".
Have the Research group completed any work on methods for booking and 
remarking real options? Alternatively, do you have any suggestions as to the 
best way to value, and book, real options fairly?
Paul Smith
Iris,
I wrote an endorsement for his book on real options (it was on the cover 
under Jeff Skilling's
name). Let's invite him to the Thursday lunch.
Vince
Hi Stinson,
A colleague of mine - Professor Nalin Kulatilaka of Boston University is interested in visiting Enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the 
broadband area.
Please see the forwarded emails for further information and available 
dates.
Can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our Thursday 
Research lunches or a Friday brown bag lunch?
Thanks,
Iris
Hi Iris
I have two different hats to wear in talking to Enron.  One is as a
financial economist.  The other as the Director of the newly formed "Global
Mobility Innovation Initiative (GMII) -- this is the research project
funded by Lucent, involving BU, LBS, and INSEAD, to study various aspects
of the mobile Internet (read 3G).
On the former I am working with a couple of Ph.D. students in understanding
(a) details of how having physical supply (inventory) can be used by a
market maker.   This is a problem that has been studies in the context of
specialists inventory in the stock market but I think really interesting in
the way Enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth.    I
think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber  that is in the
ground.
(b) how Enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with
market.  This is in many ways the critical aspect of  real options that
most finance people miss -- having options is one thing but exercising them
and realizing their value is another.  All of the incomplete contracting,
asymmetric information, and incentive issues are ignored in real options
valuation models.  But they are real in practice.  My impression is Enron's
real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate
these problems by imposing a market disciplining.
(c) how Enron manages the various books that involve physicals, financials,
credit etc.  This is specially important when many of the real assets have
options features and therefore, include non-linear risk profiles.  The
story of gas  is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets
Enron has been moving into over the last few years.
On the GMII front, I think that some interesting opportunities arise when
you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber.   I am
working with several people at Lucent on this issue.  I think it would be
wonderful to engage in a conversation with Enron and Lucent folks in the room.
I can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues.  Perhaps we can discuss
some of these over a conference call. Clearly, having Vince Kaminski in the
room would be very important to me.
As for schedules, the first 3 weeks of April are horrible.  April 26/27,
May 3/4 are good for me.
Nalin
At 06:56 PM 03/22/2001, Mack, Iris wrote:
Hi,