He says, "I wasn't planning on spending that much."
 
Jeremy,
I have added two curves in Publ Names:  WY/WELLHEAD and WY/MKTZONE.  They are 
in curveview.  Please add them to Tagg.  Call me if you have any questions Thanks.
DG    3-9573
Sharon,
I have the support you requested.  I am at EB3262B.
DG    3-9573
Jeremy,
Currently, all of our index deals are in the FT-WEST book.  I would like to 
move them all to the GD-NEW book.  I don't want to change any price or basis 
portions of a deal currently in the FT-WEST book, only index.  Please let me 
know if you can do this.  If you have any further questions, please call Thanks.
DG    3-9573
John T. Palmer
IT Manager - Milwaukee
Eaton Corporation - Navy Controls Division
Office (414) 449-7227
Adnet 434-7227
Cell Phone 414-759-5918 (new)
johntpalmer@eaton.com
--- Received from BUS3.CAPPS ROY CAPPS                      00-10-17 09:40
Sent to
- ATT803751.txt
- TXT00000.TXT
- ManWoman.jpg
Greg,
I  have some tickets available for the Missouri game at face value.  Do you 
want any?
DG
Put me down as primary with no secondary contact.  Thanks.]
DG    3-9573
William E Kasemervisz
10/17/2000 06:46 PM
As you know I am moving to Global Products Risk Management soon.  As part of 
my delegation of duties I will be passing the TDS security on to the Enron 
Security group and your groups.
Currently I get all SRRS requests to approve     - This is what I need 
someone from your group to do.
Then I setup the user in TDS with the correct Book access  - This is what 
security will do.
I would like a primary & secondary individual to be set up for approving SRRS 
request from each desk.  If you do not provide me with 2 names - you will be 
listed as the primary.
My initial meeting with Security is tomorrow morning. 
Bill
x5-7579
- Firestone.jpg
Jeff,
I think Risk can do two things to improve the process:  have more of us 
involved in the process so they actually see the implications of booking 
deals incorrectly and actively following up on recurring problems.  This last 
one I am particularly bad about.  I will see a variance that is rather small 
and just take it without looking into the underlying cause more carefully.  I 
think the OA group in general should take a more active approach in 
preventing problems rather than just identifying them.  But I know that is 
easier said than done.
DG
This is a modification of the old file.  If you had the same book and 
portfolio code for more than one book (ex. GG) it will pull in all GG 
post-id's This one requires a comment in all post-id's to pull in only those. 
Greg Couch
10/17/2000 02:41 PM
Kam,
See if this works like you want.  If so, pass it along if you think others 
can benefit.
Let me know if you have questions.
Greg
I will be there.  Thanks.
DG    3-9573
The macro in this file will query all official books for given Portfolio and 
Book codes.  Use it to make sure all your postid's that need to be, are 
officialized each night.  Thanks.
DG
To run this file all that has to be done is enter the date and have the 
Portfolio and Book CD entered in also.
Information should only be entered into the yellow areas.
Let me know if any one has any questions.
Dutch
3-9257
Gather this info when you get a chance and give it to me.  Thanks.
DG
Sharon -
Darron has taken my position as west controller.  Please send him all future 
requests for the west desk 
Thanks
Darron -
Can you forward this to the appropriate book admin 
Thanks
Sharon Smith@
10/12/2000 02:13 PM
Please provide the top sheets relating to the following desk:  West Firm, 
North West Firm, Central Firm, Texas Intra-Month, and Central Intra-Month Additionally, if the primary P&L driver relates to curve shift, please 
provide the curve shift reports for five of the largest days.  Thank you 
again.
Sharon
5-7346
I don't think I am in the market for any stereo equipment.  But I was 
thinking about trying to sell that land we apparently have through mom.  What 
do you think?  I will never use it.  Let me know.
DG
Try this and see if it does any good.
DG
Greg Couch
10/13/2000 10:43 AM
I would like each of your book admins using WeaponX to begin using the 
following procedures at least once/week (if they aren't already).
Open the database while holding down on the shift key.  This will open the 
database, but prevent the main form from opening automatically.  Next, the 
admin should go to Access menu selections and choose Tools/Database 
Utilities/Compact Database.  After the database has completed compacting, you 
can use the database as normal.
Just a quick explanation:
This is standard procedure for Access databases.  WeaponX imports and deletes 
a lot of data on a daily basis.  When data is deleted, the space is not freed 
up that was used by the data.  Therefore, as time goes by, the database size 
grows and grows and needs to be periodically compacted.
The Texas WeaponX file that I compacted reduced from 520 MB to 30 MB and one 
for the west went from 400 MB to 12 MB.  You can see that we will save 
several GB if everyone begins compacting the databases on a regular basis.
Please note:  Even though this is standard Access procedure, I would 
recommend that the book admin save a copy of their existing WeaponX file 
prior to compacting for the first time.  Once the file is compacted and a 
daily run has been successful, they can delete the backup file.  It is not 
necessary for them to save a backup copy each time before compacting.  I am 
only recommending it for the first compact.
I don't anticipate any problems with this procedure.  As a matter of fact, 
Crystal (East desk I believe) already compacts the database on a daily 
basis.  In addition Ann (West desk) ran a test for me with no problems.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Greg
Please make sure we stay off the "list".  Thanks.
DG
We have been tracking books that are not officialized on a daily basis.  This 
list goes to Sally Beck and is reviewed at the end of each week by Rick Buy Rick has been vocal about taking corrective action if people forget to 
officialize.   It is imperative that we take extra care to ensure that all 
books are marked official each night before going home.  A control process 
should be implemented immediately to absolutely avoid being on the list 
Please contact me if you have any questions (x-35242).
Thanks,
Mike 
I'm sooooooo busted for not wearing  panties ?
? 
- Hoochie Mama.mpe
Greg Couch
10/17/2000 10:04 AM
This one is worth sharing...Guess which global superpower these
statistics are from: